My grandmother was about to die, and it had the effect that at  night, after having read a book, and once in bed, in perfect  darkness, the fear arose that I too may suddenly die.	2
Finding my glasses again after having lost them in town.	3
When I was in primary 6, my father died.  I was very young then  and did not know what had happened.  The weeping of my relatives  and my tears made me sad.	4
I had to take care of the plants of a friend of mine for several  weeks. I watered them, but let them stand in a cold room so that  two of them perished.	6
A time when I was very afraid of something was when I broke my  father's antique lamp.	2
When I was watching a movie in which there was a pit full of  dangers and there was only a small safe place on which a man was  standing; he had to catch the lady who was thrown in or else !  The pit was 20 feet deep.	2
When I failed Psychology examination when most of the students  passed.	5
One night I had a feeling that somebody was stealing my car,  but I was too frightened to go and see.	2
Did not finish homework.	5
In our flat the bath-tub is in the kitchen. At the beginning I  had very intensive feelings of shame when I had a bath and people  were in the kitchen.	5
When I met my new girlfriend with another man in the street.	0
With a woman who had walked into my place of employment and  urinated on the floor in front of everyone.	1
I was filled with joy when I heard that I had passed my Secondary  school leaving certificate exam.	3
The day I was happiest was the day when I received a phone call  from Eve's Weekly to inform me that I had won the first prize of  the All India Essay competition.  I had won this prize when I was  an under-graduate when even post graduates had participated.  I  had been judged by eminent judges and political scientists.	3
Being made to look like a fool by a girl.	0
I felt very sad when my boyfriend wanted to break our  relationship. Our relationship lasted two years, we shared  everything and all this was finished.	4
I wanted to finish a relationship after 3 months. Unfortunately  my friend had a different opinion. I could not answer his  feelings this made him unhappy, and me feel guilty.	6
I bought something and the shopkeeper gave me more change, I  realized this after I had left the shop and was on the bus-stop -  and I then needed the money.	6
When my grandmother died. I had a very deep relation to her (I  lived with her for several years).	4
A very close friend of mine invited me to spend the holidays with  him.  He was very kind, good and understanding.  However it  turned out that he had two of his cousins at his place.  He,  however gave me everything I needed - even transport money.	6
One day at school I had quarrelled with a school-mate, and  ultimately I had hit him hard.  He, being physically weak had to  visit his doctor and remain absent from school for two days.	6
Naturally when I got myself discharged this was my second  birthday.	3
I felt guilty when I heard the results of my friend, who had  failed.  I wished that I had helped him.	6
We had fixed time for practice as we had to participate in the  inter-department song contest.  I arrived and found that there  was nobody there.  When I went to the canteen I found them eating  lunch.  I was so angry that I aired my greviances to one of them  and then left.	0
I imagined I heard footsteps up the hall while sleeping in bed  one night by myself in the house.	2
Every time I do not write something well in English.	5
I was very startled when, at night at 2.00 am, a boy approached  me and yelled "I fuck you", then however he stopped and laughed at  me.	2
The begining of my relations with my current girlfriend.	3
I escaped from communicating with God for a long time.  I did not  read the scriptures and I did not pray.  I felt that I was  getting further and further away from God.  I felt guilty as this  was because of my laziness.	6
I was hitch-hiking when a man stopped and gave me a lift to  Nijmegen. During the ride he asked me whether I was in for fun.  The man was fat and tatooed.	1
When I failed the ninth standard exam in school.	5
When I first suffered from syphilis.	4
After a big fight with my parents.	5
In the traffic with a car, I nearly got crushed between a bus and  a tram.  The attention of other drivers saved me at the last moment.	2
A very close friend of mine was refused entrance to the medical  school.  Her grades were very good and she should not have been  left out.  Biased judgment !	0
Our basketball team is undefeated in league play (4-0) currently.	3
Failing in an examn because of lazyness.	5
When my uncle died.	4
When I have to take exams I am very excited and have not much  time for the housekeeping. Then my friend has to do everything.	6
My friend started to misunderstand and hurt me.  	2
I was learning judo and my instructor wanted me to assist him in  teaching girls judo at a suburban college.  I was just a beginer,  and he made me a green belt so that I would be able to command  respect.  This was against my principles, and yet I allowed myself  to listen to him.  I gave it up soon after, however I felt very  ashamed at not sticking to my principles and at not having put my  foot down earlier.	5
I was annoyed when a person higher up asked me why a particular  job was not done, it was not my job to do it.  	0
After my marriage I received the B.Sc results by post, I was very  happy to learn that I had got very good marks - first class.	3
Saw two Canadian students boasting about how rich they are in  Canada.	1
My elder brother and I have not always had a good relationship  and I feel ashamed of myself as I do not call him to talk to him  nowadays.	5
I had promised to say goodbye to a person who was going on a  trip, and I did not turn up.	6
I made an appointment with a friend to drink coffee togehter.  However, for the third time in that week she arrived an hour too  late.	0
A friend of mine told me that I had passed the entrance exam to  the university.	3
I really became sad when mother passed away while I was very  young.	4
A condition in which I was disgusted followed when I lost money  on my way home from the college.	1
The stories about the way my grandmother treated my mother.	0
At my grandfather's funeral.  I remembered that the thing he  liked and respected most was earth, I thought that he had  attained what he wanted and was not separated from it any longer.	4
Once I did not have enough money to pay for a coffee.	5
A drunken friend of mine was beating up another friend, who was  also drunk.	0
I was a passenger in a vehicle when suddenly another vehicle came  from behind to overtake us.  However another one was coming right  in front so the other vehicle changed course and blocked our way  and so we crashed against the side of the road.	2
NO RESPONSE.	5
I was angry at my brother over an argument we had together.  We  do have a few fights from time to time, and also at times I take  out my anger on him.	0
We were on the road in a car when a lorry bypassed us.  We had to  swerve and we almost got run over.	2
There was a lot of irritation between me and a person who lives  in the same house where I live. Suddenly it became too much for me and I  accused him of several things.	0
I was walking to school and I passed by a red cross post where  there were many soldiers.  They began to pass remarks at me.	5
When I was getting so fat.	1
When I felt that an exam, which I had feared, was an easy one and  went well.	3
We had made an appointment to complete together a piece of work.  It appeared that I was the only one who hadn't prepared anything.	5
After a weekend at a seminar I saw my husband again. I hurried  home hoping he would be there. We embraced - I enjoyed feeling  his body.	3
Listening to my roommate boasting about her new clothes.	1
When my brother had to spend all evening repairing a gear-lever  that I had broken.	6
A man kept a seat taken by putting his coat on it after a while  the chair was still empty, I asked him if I could use the chair,  he didn't agree for the chair was for his coat.	0
When some seniors tried to scold and insult some juniors on  account of what the juniors were supposed to have said at  secondary school.	0
I am a Christian but I cannot find any meaning in life . It  seems that I am deceiving myself but I cannot find the way out.	4
When I promised a male friend of mine to visit him, and did not.	6
When I went for a picnic in Lonavala, I felt full of joy.	3
I was disappointed by a girlfriend when I visited her at her home  in Woodlands.	1
When I went to report a stolen good at the police station, the  woman-officer-in-charge was very rude and did not seem to have  respect for anyone.	1
I had to change a baby's clothes for the first time.	1
One day I addressed my husband in an abusive manner in front of  his friends.  Later on I realized this myself and felt ashamed of  myself.	5
I was to prepare relish for the family. I overcooked it and no  one liked the meal that day.	6
When my mother's new husband treated her and my brothers and  sisters badly.	1
When I was 15 my mother discovered various items in my room which  15 year olds aren't usually expected to have - mainly alcohol,  marijuana and contraceptives !	5
I felt the emotion when I entered a certain ward in the hospital  to visit my relative who was sick.	1
Once at a camp a classmate criticized me in front of others.  Now  I find that this classmate is very disgusting.	1
My father caught me having sexual intercourse with my closest  cousin.  There was nothing wrong with it but the female was too  old for me.	6
A friend of mine called me when I was not at home.  I phoned her  back to know what she wanted and she told me that she had dialled  the wrong number.	4
My friend came to the concert for my sake as it was me who had  organized it and the concert was unsuccessful.	6
I read a newspaper report that a little boy was forced to look  while his sister was raped.	1
When I was stopped by plain clothes policemen because the car I  was driving had overturned on the Avenue.  I had been driving too  fast, and I was afraid when I was stopped, questionned and then  toild to go.  The situation ended happily since there were no  consequences.	2
That was what I felt with a teacher who put down quite unreal  marks.	0
When I gave in to what my wife wanted and locked the cat out, it  was killed by the dogs.	6
I think that the only time I really felt shame was when I was  very young and I had to defecate on the street.  I was very  worried in case someone should see me.	5
My guinea-pig had been ill for a couple of days.  One evening,  when I came home I enquired as to how it was doing.  My mother's  expression told me that it had died.  My knees refused to support  me and I began to weep convulsively.	4
I was very sad when I heard about the death of my teacher who  taught me in Standard 8.	4
I choked on a cold drink in front of girls who were strangers.	5
When I was in lower six I joined an interview group to  interview the general public.  One of my friends in the group  lost her purse and she was very nervous.  Five of us had to go  another place so we left her, and planned to see her later.  Then  I heard her describing how her purse looked.  I realized that I  had seen her purse on the floor and had not wanted to do any  thing about it. 	5
When I was involved in a traffic accident.	2
I saw a man who had had a heart-attack and who was being  treated for it.  I feared that my own father could have been  there.	2
The sight of a man who ran amok (fighting) at a dance.	0
When I was told that a boy did not want to be my friend without  any apparent reason.	0
In a hurry to get to lectures and the car would not start.	0
There is a person whom I disgust. Evrey time I see her I get this  terrible feeling I disgust her whole appearance.	1
I was alone in a cottage I often stay in.  I was woken up by a  rustling sound in the middle of the night.	2
I had left a student newspaper of the Chinese university on the  table of the library.  It had disappeared when I came back.	0
Once, late at night, I was biking home and overtook a man. He  said to me "Hello darling" I was terrified and imagined the  wildest scenes.	2
I usually come back home early but this day I came home back late  to find some visitors at my place.	1
When an uncle of mine, who was close to me, passed away after  having had a stroke, before his first daughter could be named.	4
When my friends did not ask me to go to a New Year's party  with them.	4
I've had three midterms in the past two weeks and I hardly  studied for any of them (like 1 or 2 days) I feel guilty that I  hadn't studied and I got C's on all of them.	6
When I didn't bring my girlfriend home one night. Later she told  me that a cardriver solicited her.	6
Found my name on the list of attending the English lectures.	3
I was afraid to walk through the forest one day when I dropped  off the bus around 6.30 pm.	2
When I had a little accident with my boss'car.	6
When I lost something that was valuable to my sister.	6
My boyfriend with whom I had a longlasting relationship, fell in  love with another girl, then he asked me something which implied  that he loved that girl more than he loved me.	4
Disappointed love. The girl made an end to our relationship while  I thought she was in love with me.	4
I woke up at the house of someone I knew, not remembering very  much about what had been said or done during the party on the  previous night.	5
When I was caught stealing money from my father.	5
During a party I overheard a conversation about china. When I  wanted to give my opinion one of the people came out to be Chinese  and his opinion was right of course.	5
When my beloved girlfriend got married to another person.	4
One day I came across a certain boy who was intruding my  friendship as lovers with my girlfriend and I was very sad  because I didn't expect that girl to disappoint me I regarded her  as being very faithful.	4
I made a long-distance call to people rather close to me and I  thought about the sad incident that had happened to them in the  near past; I knew that they were thinking about it too when I made  the call.	4
When I was fighting with my elder brother I unintentionally hurt    him in the eye with a wooden bar.  I felt guilty and feared that  he would be blind, fortunately he recovered after 15 days.	6
It is very difficult to relate it to a certain event. I am  familiar with the disgust of Sartre (la nausTe), a frequently  occurring cause may be described as "the self-assured dullness".	1
I had just seen my pseudo-girlfriend and our conversation angered  me greatly.	0
When I was teased by my friend for not scoring good marks in the  exams.	0
When I checked my examination paper and realized that I had been  careless, thoughtless, lazy and hasty so as to make unnecessary  mistakes concerning things I know and understand.	0
When I think now about the way my father behaved when filing a  divorce.	1
At the hairdresser's, I got two stains of dyestuff on my new  trousers. These stains are not removable, so I cannot put on the  trousers again.	0
I felt joy when I heard over the radio that I had been successful  in my Primary School Leaving Certificate Examination and was  selected for Secondary School.	3
When I went up the stairs in a high, dark house full of shadows,  passed a door and had the feeling that someone or something was  behind me, although I knew I was alone.	2
Being insulted in public for the wrong reason.	0
I was hunting, and was lost in the fog in the mountains.	2
My husband falls ill and does not follow the doctor's advice on  the treatment or the diet control.	1
I did not attend a social studies observation class for 1 whole  week (I am a student trainee teacher). Anyway the other teachers  thought this was okay because the teacher I was supposed to  observe was not well liked. The teacher was in fact really nice  to me - but I wanted to get out of teaching a hard topic he had  given me.	6
When I swindled money out of someone.	5
A sour looking man was beating his thin dog in Remuera.	1
With a Manager who insists on making crude innuendos pertaining  to sex.	1
When an earlier friend was spreading negative rumours about me.	4
My father was very angry with me, and I locked me up in the  shower. Then my father knocked his fist through the door, I was  scared to death.	2
When my cat ran under a car and came home wounded. He could  hardly walk. I didn't dare to go to a veterinarian because I was  afraid he would kill him.	2
My mother was stuck by an apoplectic fit, was hemi-paralyzed and  suffered an aphasia.	4
In May somebody blamed me that I made him to be caught while  peeping during the Nursing Test which made me feel disgusted.	1
The possibility of having failed the examination.	2
I took a psych. experiment with a totally unappealing gay man as  the experimentor, some homosexuals are funny or cute, but this  guy was disgusting. Plus the experiment was about gays too.	1
I got a job right after school was over.	3
I was happy to hear that my sister had won a prize at running  competition.	3
When I heard that my father had passed away.	4
Finding out that some students are getting good reports they do  not deserve.	1
I was watching a sunset after my latest boyfriend left me and I  realized that we would never watch sunsets again, probaly never  see eachother again and none of it mattered.	4
When I heard that my Uncle had passed away in a road traffic  accident.	4
When my sister died, she was only sixteen when she was put to  rest.	4
It happened in a tram: some older people started to grumble about  the young people just because I had not immediately left my seat  to them.	0
When summer is over and I have to leave the town where I spend my  holidays.	4
I felt ashamed of myself the first time I drank as nobody in the  family drinks.  I felt that I had let down my parents and my  friends.	5
A classmate told me I must have bribed the class leader to let me  go to your English lecture.	0
I was disgusted at myself when I dropped a vital catch, while  playing a cricket match, and we lost the match; though the catch  was difficult. 	1
I was supposed to go out with my girlfriend one Saturday night,  but I got really drunk with some friends earlier that afternoon  and evening. So, I totally forgot about going out with my  girlfriend. She showed up the next day, and that was when I  remembered.	5
I told my pesent boyfriend that I was an Australian as are my  parents. As the relationship developed I found it harder and  harder to confess and became sure it would end our relationship.  He eventually found out when told in front of me by my mother.	6
I said something which was against my conscience.	6
After a difficult exam. When I had not hoped to take it and had  got a high mark. When you present someone with something and he  feels glad.	3
Could not get into the university I wanted to get in.	4
I felt unfairly treated at an airport, being told to use a  different counter (for domestic traffic only).	0
Sometimes when I go to work my crazy boss (a hyper Jewish lawyer)  insists I do things his way (filing, typing, etc.). He sometimes  blames me for things I didn't do, and I can't yell back at him.	0
This person I know lied about how much income his parents made  and received money through grants which he did not need. Another  person is barely making it, did not lie, and did not receive  enough money.	1
In 1980 when I was in the 12th standard, we had arranged a small  picnic in Kandala.  One of my closest friends wrote a small and  cute poem for me, which expressed the feeling of closeness we had  for each other.  I was very thrilled and I can still remember it.	3
When I beat up my son for having beaten up his sister.	6
On a mountain tour, my girlfriend and I passed by an inn. Near  the house there was a big dog which began to follow us. As my  girlfriend is afraid of dogs, I had to draw his attention to me.  He jumped towards my shoulders and wanted to play with me but I  really did not like that.	2
When I pass exams, or when a close friend of mine recovered  from an illness,etc.	3
When I get into the tube or the train without paying for the  ticket.	2
Quarrel in the family.	0
Because I am the Captain of a basketball team I usually organise  a roster system so that everyone in the team can have a turn at  doing either a duty or a ref. A lot of the time the girls can't  be bothered or just forget - I usually have to fill in.	0
When my brother got very low marks in the exams, I was very angry.  I put my studies aside to help him, as every time my brother does   badly at school, my family members blame me as well.  	0
One day I was in the countryside with several friends, and we  began to eat figs, after we were all full we noticed that all the  figs were full of worms.	1
Finding out that I am not an as able student as I thought.	2
Talking about snakes.	2
I never failed my examinations since Standard 1 but I experienced  sad moments when I sat for Standard 8 Examination and I was not  selected for Secondary School education in 1978.	4
I felt happy when I received the letter telling me that I had  been admitted to the university.	3
When a woman who I respected very much was made pregnant,  unexpectedly by a man of a caliber I never expected.	5
On a trip abroad, a lady-like member of our group turned out to  be an alcoholic.  She spoilt many days of my holidays because of  her behaviour and paranoia.	1
I had to meet a girlfriend to go out for a drink and she arrived  with her aunt, to whom I was introduced.  Then the aunt left.	5
At a party, several comments were made about the personal  situation of one of the people present.  She was rather affected  and uncomfortable.	6
When I had my four children.	3
On the way down a ski slope which was difficult and steep.	2
When I had to walk home from the bus-stop in a skirt that I had  soiled.  It drew a lot of attention and they all seemed to want  to see the blood stains.	5
I was disgusted with my brother's behaviour when he kept throwing  things away because of his anger, after mum had shouted at him.	1
Can't remember that feeling.	5
When I used an adjective for a person without knowing what it  meant.   When I got to know the meaning, I felt guilty as it was  a clear and unfair insult.	6
After going through much shame, I became a Christian and  something new happened in my heart.  Joy that overflows was  manifest in me.	3
Saw a classmate knocked down by a motorcycle.	2
Returning to school and rejoining my girlfriend after 3 months of  separation from summer.	3
After the car accident in GUILT.	5
Same situation as before - having my car stolen.	0
Somebody wanted to beat my brother at a wedding ceremony and I  was trying to protect my brother but the other man was calling  names to both of us.	0
Left alone in the dark in a big building.	2
When they tried to rob me.	2
My got my mathematics test's marks and could not believe that it  was true.  In the past I would have at least 80% marks.  Was I  getting weaker at studies ?  This made me feel that I should not  expect too much from going to the university.	4
An inter-college basket-ball match.	2
I said something especially stupid which I did not mean at all.	5
Once after falling in love, I imagined that particular girl to be  perfect and completely overshadowing my girlfriend. Afterwards I  realized that this image was not objective. I felt guilty against  both girls.	6
When I bought new clothes and put them on.	5
When one is unjustly accused of something one has not done.	0
Somebody took my wristwatch and promised to have it mended and  later was telling me that he couldn't give it back to me because I was  rude at a certain time.	0
When I realized that I avoided two good friends with whom I  always shared toys and sorrows. I made up idle stories to avoid  telling them what happened to me.	6
When I saw a film in which there was a scene where women were cut  to pieces.  Above all, it was the blood and the confusion which  impressed me most.	1
When i was asked to be a child's godmother.	3
I do not have accomodation on the campus so I stay with my  extended family, one young man used bad words while asking me to  leave their home.	5
Not winning a medal in the swimming contest.	4
When I saw a lot of rubbish and animal waste on the floor.	1
When my parents quarelled over something I had done and which was  wrong.	6
When a girl I knew aborted and threw the seven month foetus in a  man-hole.	1
When the girl with whom I am in love smiles at me.	3
I had to leave my girlfriend for 4 weeks because of my studies.  This happens frequently. The last 24 hours before my departure  are always very depressing.	4
Late for a lecture and therefore missed it.	6
When my sister was very ill and was admitted to the hospital.	2
When my red-cheeked, content child runs to meet me in the yard of  the kindergarten and gives me a moist kiss on my cheek.	3
A scene in a film in which one man repressed another one. By  concidence, their position was reversed. The other man was  repressed in an identical way as he did before.	1
I reproached my mother's cooking and criticised her  personality, and she felt hurt and depressed.	6
When I made the winning goal during a very important football  game.	3
The shooting started and we all lay down to protect ourselves  from the flying bullets.  This incident occured on our way to  Feira, during the Zambia army patrols in the Rhodesia war.	2
Grovelling people.	1
When  fell in love with my present girlfriend.	3
When my former boyfriend and I reconciled and he decided that I  was very important to him. I had always wanted us to get back  together again, but had doubted the likelihood of this, so I was  very happy when my small amount of faith was vindicated.	3
When I am alone at night after having read horror stories, and  then I heard unexplainable noises.	2
The parents of a friend of mine surprised us and another couple  sleeping in thier place.	5
While still at school a friend died of cancer, after being ill  for a long time, she was 17 yrs old.	4
Being chosen to do this experiment.	3
I felt guilty after stealing a cookery book from my colleagues.	6
Said something I should not have said in public.	6
I had to wash my grandmother because she did not get to the  bathroom on time.	1
Some foreign students playing loud music before the biology  examn.	0
I was disgusted when I was told to dress a big rotten stinky  wound which, coming closer, made me feel like vomitting.	1
I made dinner for some friends and they appreciated it very much.	3
I have a boyfriend and I am very fond of him. When we had our  "11-months jubilee", I had forgotten it. But he gave me a red  rose.	3
When my father made my mother go through really terrible  situations, I felt furious, impotent, nervous, upset, ........	0
When for the first time I rode on a motorcycle with my brother.   He was going so fast that I felt that I would fall off without my  brother realizing it.	2
I feared that I would have to describe my sexual life to an  older, strange woman.	5
Having agreed to share the taxi expenses, three people in the  back of the car just ran off, leaving the person up front with  the entire bill.	0
When, as a child, I was nearly knocked down by a car.	2
Insulted by a teacher in front of the class.	5
I was going to my village, after having been rather oppressed in  Madrid. 	3
When a man rang the doorbell and wanted to enter the house with  violence. I was alone at home that moment.	2
I felt angry when I failed in an exam about which I knew quite a  few things and I did not deserve to be plucked.	0
I was disgusted at the behavior of these boys I work with in the  scouting program. They showed a lack of interest, unrest, and at  times just plain rude behavior.	1
I was very angry one day when my husband ignored me and slept       on a separate bed.  He had no reasons to doubt me or to neglect  me and I had never imagined that he could do such a thing.	0
When my aunt told me angrily that I was a good-for-nothing and  she was fed up with my behaviour.	0
Sometime back, my boyfriend and I were having a walk nearby my  parent's house. Suddenly we met my grandfather and I was  afraid that he would report to my parents.	2
Walking out from the biology building.	2
It was when I dreamt that I had encountered Satan, he wanted to grab me  and take me to his kingdom.  He was very repulsive and I have  never seen anything like that before.	2
When people without my permission pry in my belongings and take  things out of it.	0
I felt guilty when I lied to my parents.	6
When I applied for a false travelling claim allowance and later I  thought that I would be found out.	6
When a pick-pocket robbed me of my money (K20) while I  was  buying bathing soap.	0
When I saw a drunk man urinate upon himsellf and he seemed to be  thoroughly content with it.	1
When my husband and I spent a night by ourselves in a house which  was in an area on the outskirts of a large town with which we were   not familiar.  We  heard strange noises outside the house and the   house had glass walls so the whole thing was even more  frightening.	2
I felt shame when I didn't study enough for my exams and as a  result I failed. I then invented idle stories to talk it good for  myself and the others.	5
Saying goodbye to a friend.	4
Not doing well in the examn.	6
When I tried to put up a tent some years ago, I was teased and  hindered by my cousin.	0
When I was going home, I saw somathing which looked like a snake    on the road but later I found out that it was only a stick.	2
Watching an alcoholic woman who was approaching everyone at the  wharf for cigarettes - a prostitute in Auckland (elderly).	1
When I bribed the person who caught me doing something I was not  supposed to have done.  I was very ashamed of what I had done.	5
When my demand for accomodation on the campus was refused and the  rooms were allotted to first year students who were from "Rucher"  and came from influential families.	1
When my aunt, whom I had loved very much, died. When I heard  about her death, I was not as touched as at the funeral. I really  became conscious of her death at that moment.	4
In the bus I was sitting next to a colleage who was drunk and  behaved in keeping with his state.	1
When I realized that I was not working hard enough and was not  being useful as an individual to the society or the family, guilt  at spending money on uncalled for activities - in short wasting  my life.	6
When I went to the pub with a large group of friends, we drank  and danced.	3
When I was selected to start Form I at Malosa Secondary school.	3
I felt very sad when my son died after a short illness.	4
When another person's mother died.	4
Someone who always took care for the key of the sportshall stayed  away without letting us know. Next time he did as if nothing had  happened.	0
Succeeding in helping others.	3
My first feeling of falling in love.  Coming across a person who  made me feel love, happiness, joy, giving me a new and beautiful  future, who made me dream.	3
When my grandmother died.	4
Seeing a person panhandling money on Telegraph.	1
A certain man went to my parents and told them that I was married  here, when I am here at school. When I went home for holidays my  parents asked me about it and I was angry with that man.	0
When my friend did not pass the high school graduation  examinations.	4
When I drove partially across the country with my father. We  stopped in a few towns and stayed overnight in motels. The joy I  got was from the feedom I felt and the real beauty of the  country.	3
My grand father caught me eating his private jelly bean supply.	5
When I got accepted to CAL.	3
When I get an exam back with a grade that I did not desire. Then  I get mad at myself and say that I could have done better.	5
Saw my unfair report.	0
Talking to friends about how old you are and we cannot be as  successful as you at your age.	5
The day I heard that I passed the high school exam.	3
When someone stole my bike.	0
I was fearful when I realised that the relish was overcooked  simply because I was not keen enough at checking whether there  was still enough water in the relish or not, instead I was just  playing with my friends.	2
One time at the hospital I passed near the intensive care room.  The offensive smell that came out disgusted me in such a way that  I didn't even dare to enter the room.	1
Being sexually assaulted (not rape, but passionate kissing) by a  friend's father - he stopped when he was driving me home. I  hadn't wanted the lift, had refused 3 times, and then felt it'd  be rude to refuse again. Was really afraid of what he might do.	2
Last course, when I passed with good marks three subjects which I had  previously failed.	3
My classmate always borrowed my notes and would not return it to  me on time.  When I had a test she was selfish and irresponsible  and so delayed my studies.	0
After moving out of my apt. I took all the furniture and dishes  and everything. It was mine but I took it all just to spite my  roomies. We had a few (a lot) of disagreements. I felt guilt for  moving out for the bad reasons.	6
As a child, when I saw an "unesthetic" sight.	1
When one of my relatives went out at night leaving me and my  friend alone, I cheated my parents that she didn't go out, after  they had heard that she was out, I was afraid that she might have  beaten me.	2
Once I had to visit a rather special person.	5
I phoned a friend of mine to ask her for news about the marks in  an exam.  She told me that I had passed.	3
I was in Sierra Nevada, climbing a peak over 3,000 metres high,  without any light and with many other problems.  I was afraid for  my life.	2
Once I was not able to give a relative, who was in a critical  period, a helping hand.  Whenever I think about it I feel guilty   for letting down the person who trusted me to give him a helping  hand.	6
When my room-mate was making noise deliberately, by playing a  flute early in the morning while I was trying to study.	0
When I learnt that my brother-in-law had been poisoned by his  friends and that he was dead.	4
I stole a coconut cake from a reception table and when I put  in my mouth I realized that the host was watching me.	6
An ex-colleague asked me if I was interested in working in their  accounts bureau.  They needed "clever people" and he had  "immediately thought of me."	3
When my children were born.	3
The disqualification of two of my mates in the military service.	4
Yesterday my boyfriend and I wanted to play billiards. However  there were boys playing (5 times). My boyfriend then is fed up  and chagrined. In such case I think it is my fault.	6
It was when my father beat my mother while she was ill for three  weeks and now she was recovering.	1
Death of my grnadfather after having been in hospital for so long  with cancer of the Oesophagus.	4
When my mother was proved to suffer from a very serious disease.	4
When I was accepted at UNZA.	3
One day, when riding on a bicycle path, a car coming from the  opposite direction forced me to get off my bike although I had  the priority.	0
When my brother was held up and robbed.	0
Found out that I am not good at football.	5
It was August 30th when I heard on the radio that I passed my  M.C.E. exams and I was really happy and joyous because of the  event.	3
When my sister left to go home, in Sweden, after the Christmas  Holidays.	4
When the person I'm having the affair with won't talk to me in  public.	0
When realizing that my girlfriend and myself in fact had started  the process of breaking up.	4
China cannot let you give more lectures because you are needed in  the specialist clinics. We are so backward in medicine.	5
During a trivial (friendly) discussion, one of the participants  made an intervention which made me feel uncomfortable.	0
When I was weeding the garden I found a lizard in my hand.	1
I received a letter and a Christmas present from a person I had  not seen for two years.	3
I separated with the one I liked most.  She refused all my dates  and told me that she had dated another one.  My heart seemed to  cease beating.  I was silent for some time and then I whispered  goodbye and left without turning back.	4
When I walked out of my room with only my pants on and found my  girlfriend and her female friend looking for me outside.	5
When it appeared that I was not pregnant when I was several weeks  overtime.	3
Renewed contact with an earlier friend.	3
I was not chosen for the All English class.	4
A member of a religious sect tried to convert me, using really  evil tricks to persuade me.  After he had left, I was anxious and  angry for a long time. After the event, I was alone.	0
It was my turn to cook dinner.  I forgot a dish (the favourite of  the family) in the oven and it got burnt and was uneatable.	6
Seeing a pornographic film when looking for a place to live.	1
When I noticed that a person I found attractive had seen me  picking my nose.	5
A friend of mine could not make it back to Unza after having  failed the exams.	4
The death of a relative, friend, or someone I esteem.	4
My girlfriend does practice and therefore leaves me alone at  night and in the weekend. In addition, she is very busy doing  several things. So we don't see each other often.	0
When we were at home, my husband and I, he made a remark about  something I had done, in a perfectly friendly manner.  My deed  had been unjust and I knew that my husband was right, therefore my  sense of shame.	5
When I was selected at TISS X.	3
When my mother met with a serious accident and there was danger  that she would not survive and if she did she would loose  her memory.	2
I went for a walk with a very close friend; we were talking about  our problems, I told her lies.	5
I had to terminate a training because I wasn't suited for it. I  was very sad about this, because I very much wanted to finish  that training.	4
When I ate my sister's food and then she found out that it was  me.  I felt very ashamed but still refused to admit that it was  me.	5
Suddenly met someone in the biology building at night.	2
When my parents separated temporarily and I was left behind with  my father.  As I loved my mother I wanted to go with her.	4
I moved to Nijmegen for my study. Soon after this my mother had  to be admitted in hospital because of cardiac compliants. I knew  that my moving was an important reason for this.	6
One day a fierce looking man came to our house  and said that my  father should apologize to him, however I was alone at home.	2
Waking in morning (early morning) and having whole day to myself.	3
When I blamed my niece for misplacing my book, she denied having  touched or seen it but I carried on insisting that it was her.	6
My friend and I had offended our classmate unintenionally.  We  wanted to apologize to her so we decided to visit her.  We knew that she  was stubborn so we were frightened.  When we rang her door bell,  our fear was at it's climax	2
A Maori language oral test, yeaterday - Although I had studied  intensely - once in the examiners room "I blew it" -  I was so  nervous I couldn't reply easily - It was very important, but I  got only blankness.	2
I was filled with joy when I heard that I had been selected to  come here at Kamuzu College of Nursing.	3
I had a very horrible dream one night, I dreamt that I had fallen  off a very crowded train.	2
I saw a bag on the street and just then a stranger passed by.  I  picked up the bag immediately and gave it to the stranger as I  thought that it belonged to him.  But it was not his bag and I  felt ashamed.	5
I felt ashamed when a friend, I had always respected, insulted me  in public.  He was drunk.	5
If I don't go to lectures, I often feel ashamed.	5
Diagnosis that I have a stomache ulcer.	2
I once felt shame when I failed to fulfil the promise to marry a  daughter of a certain gentleman.	5
I was approaching my exam time and my books got stolen.  I was in  a panic as I thought that I would not do well enough to be  considered for the economics quota.  I cried a lot but that did  not help and as the exam day came near a strange fear gripped me.	2
When I lied to my mum, who later came to know that what I had  been teling her was false.	6
Occurs frequently. A recent experience: when going out with many  friends, nice music, after the examinations, I felt so happy I  could have embraced everybody.	3
The joy came when I first proposed a girl at Secondary School.	3
When my boyfriend and I experience something nice or when we have  made a nice walk together.	3
After I had lived with my boyfriend in a foreign country for half  a year, I saw that it was impossible for me to stay with him (for  economic reasons). We separated although I loved him.	4
Cueing in the students dining hall.	1
When my 6 month old son is happy and well.	3
I was looking after my father's sheen in the forest. One day  while playing with friends from neighbouring villages the flock  escaped me and went into a far place. It became dark and I was  afraid of father. I went home and hid myself.	2
This was when I was discovered stealing a piece of bread at home,  I was very hungry a few hours before supper.	5
A certain woman had asked me to make something for her and I kept  putting it off.  When I finally made it, I did not see her for  days only to be told one day that she had collapsed and died.  I  felt quite guilty as she had jokingly said that I might not do  what she had requested me to do.	6
I felt happy when I learnt that I had qualified for the grade  eight.	3
Pictures of Nazi extermination camps on a T.V program.	1
I went to a party with my boyfriend who got so drunk and started  vomiting. It was so disgusting.	1
A close acquaintace cried for me. I felt happy because somebody  cared.	3
As a little girl, I was sick in the middle of a school day and I  vomitted in the basin of the classroom.	5
When I failed my S.S.C exam.	0
An item which belonged to a friend of mine was missing.  I had  taken it earlier and I thought that I had returnrd it so when he  asked me for it I stubbornly refused having it.  Later when I  looked for it, I found it in my room.	6
I was accepted by the Chinese university.	3
When I passed the TOEFEL with very good marks.	3
When I passed the B.A exams with 1st class.  I was the first in  the family to have got a 1st class, so all the family members  were very happy and they gave me the opportunity to study  further.	3
A fellow player, quite unexpectedly, scores a goal, which means a  draw.	3
This happened when it was finally confirmed that I had stood  first in the university for the M.A exams.  A few days before the  official results were declared a clerk had brought the results  unofficially.  So I had been expecting the results but the  confirmation allowed me to legitimately feel happy at my  success.  	3
I was within a hair's breadth of knocking down a drunkard who  suddenly ran into the street.  The fear came later when I      realized what could have happened.	2
I had written a "love-letter" to a class-mate of mine, this was  meant to be a joke.  Unfortunately it fell in the wrong hands   and I had to face the consequences.	5
Last year I passed the B.A exams in Psychology in which I stood first  in my class.  Thus I got the first prize from the college.  I was  most happy to tell all this to my parents and friends.	3
When junior doctors returned to work after bunking them.	1
The first time that I saw a surgeon cut off a leg and put it in a  black rubbish bag.	1
When I failed the M.S.C exam.	5
Saw on TV China not winning more gold medals in the Asian  Olympics.	5
When I had to walk home in the dark for the first time. 	2
A friend started to shout at me. He called me an old frump.	0
Made a wonderful driend who understands me.	3
I have always felt ashamed for some people's behavior to their  too old parents. I have felt hurt and shy when they have left  them to the mercy of fate.	5
My best friend got married and left her home-town to go and live  in Poona.  After her wedding I felt sad.	4
Failing an examination.	4
This is a kind of confession - my mum found me stealing meat from  the pot.	6
When my brother's visa for the U.S.A got cancelled.	4
Winning a close volleyball game. (I'm on the intercollegiate team  at CAL)	3
When my father was imprisoned for burning the house of his  younger brother.	4
Doing this pointless questionnaire.	1
Disagreements with mother.  When I moved from KankaanpSS, she had  promised to help me move but broke her promise because of some  hindrance. 	0
The first time I went away with my boyfriend and lied about where  we were staying.	6
When my boyfriend revealed that he knew that I had discovered  things of an important nature about him, I felt ashamed as I had  not mentioned it earlier.	5
When I found a maggot in my food at the dinning hall, all the  food had gone bad.	1
I tried to date a girl, but she refused.	5
Sitting alone in a quiet room, concetrating on things happening  around you. Thoughts come into my mind which make me afraid.	2
My mother's death.	4
Went to a movie with a date, walked on the beach (in Alameda)  spent some time afterwards in her apt.	3
When I was jumped by three men in a deserted area.	2
NO RESPONSE.	6
My mother was unwell and went for many cancer tests. She spent  time in hospital being opened and closed many times.	4
When I could not attend the college picnic due to some  difficulties.	1
In 1982, I was annoyed at an uncle who was drunk and was beating  up his old father.  He claimed that the father was responsible  for his guardian's failure.	0
When I inadvertantly entered the ladies room and met some girls  on my way out.	5
When I learned that my former boyfriend had become engaged -  although I was glad that he had found what he wanted, I was very  sad at my own personal loss, since I had always hoped we might  one day reconcile.	4
I was given an exam which I thought did not measure at all my  ability or my knowledge of the subject.	0
When I was seven years old, I stole a chewing-gum from a big  glass bowl on the counter of a nearby shop, and I got caught.	5
When I was young I was told to to the shop to buy a dozen eggs.   I went and asked for one egg and the people in the shop laughed  at me and so did my family when I told them what had happened.	5
When I first sat for an entrance examination.	2
A person with whom I had been on bad terms, gave me a present. We  became reconciled.	3
I had been telling lies and people discovered instantly that I  was telling lies. I felt very shameful and I felt like  disappearing from people.	5
I felt disgust when I saw a friend walking in stagnant water  without putting on gum boots.	1
When I noticed that a nice person was being exploited  economically.	1
Decided at the last minute not to do something that I said I  would do with a person.	6
I remember deceiving my brother, I told him that I was going to  attend the Sunday service, instead I went out to the town with a friend. 	6
It was mid May 1985, When we had a Test on Nursing. My classmate  had an answer sheet, so he tried to peep. The Nursing Tutor  caught him. During this time I was turning my question paper and  it made noise. This friend blamed me of causing the whole matter  for him to be caught.	4
Once a female classmate told me that the clothes I wore seemed to  be a child's clothes.  On hearing this I felt a little ashamed and  I criticized her clothes though there was nothing wrong with  them.	5
A close friend took part in a racist violent action.	1
When I was walking on a fairly out-of-the-way street.	2
A  group of youngsters dressed in fads talked foul language on a  bus.  They also insulted the  pedestrians on the road and were  impolite to the passengers of the bus.	1
My mother was working with a knife and we were all laughing  heartily.  She was not able to control the knife and stuck it  deep into her hand.	4
I felt sad with the two situations I described before. The cat  and the school. Sadness was intermingled with the other feelings.	4
In secondary school I had a class-mate who talked too much.    Once we went to the cinema after school and she sat next to me and  commented the movie throughout  - very disgusting.	1
When I had an argument with a friend.	4
While I was waiting for them to give me the marks of the most  difficult subject this year.	2
When my father was ill and was waiting for the results of his tests.	2
When my grandmother died very suddenly without warning.	4
Not speaking to my sister-in-law due to lack of interest in a  relationship on my side.	6
When I passed the university entrance exam.  I had thus finished  with a difficult period of my life and I was about to begin one  which I had desired a lot.	3
I was once chatting with friends. Then some boys came and joined  us. These boys took all my 3 friends away and I was left alone in  shame without knowing where to go from there.	5
Spending the nitht with close friends, after being away (out of  Nijmegen) for a while.	3
One day when I came back home, I found my favourite dish broken.   I blamed the servant for it, later I found out that it was not  the servant but my daughter who had broken it.	5
Waking up from a bad dream in a dark night with noone else  around.	2
Beating my brother up.	6
When I was in F4 I played a basket-ball match against another  school's team.  One of their team members kicked a team-mate of  mine so I kicked him back and we had a fight with each other.	0
I blew up at someone for being confused and because of his  irresponsibility and afterwards I felt guilty and that I had no  right.	6
When my friends and I were caught with our girlfriends outside  the school grounds when I was at the secondary school.  We were  caught by the headmaster.	6
Birds had made nests in our thatched roof and they were flying  and flapping their wings in the bedroom at night.  It was very  dark and I could not even see my nose.  I did not know that it  was the birds till my mother told me so.	2
Having unwanted attention paid to me in my place of work -  harrassment (and sexual harrassment) by another worker -  disgusted by his implications.	1
I had gone for a medical check-up at the U.T.H and failed to make  it back on time for the C119 practical sessions at 1400 hours  last academic year.	2
Talking to a close friend.	3
When I am travelling by car and have to meet an oncoming car  while overtaking.	2
During military service a superior reproached me unjustly. This  led to friction in a lot of situations.	0
When my friend ended up pregnant by a gentleman whom I considered  to be good and faithful but he ended up neglecting her and not  bothering about her.	6
My husband suddenly fell ill seriously and during the medical  examinations we did not know what would follow.	2
I was the reason behind the break-up of my friend's relationship  with his girlfriend.  She finished with him.	6
I was really pissed when the Russians boycotted the '84 Olympics.  I had anger towards them and Jimmy Crter. I was very anxious to  see it.	0
Passing my driver's examination (after two failures).	3
I was really angry when the President general of UNZASU was  arrested by policemen.	0
I was raped by a friend.	2
When I had achieved a goal indirectly. I work for CAL Football  and our 2nd win of the season was very gratifying and brought  our joy because of the hard work involved and the fact that no  one expected we would win.	3
When my friend had a child out of wedlock.	5
When a close relative of mine passed away, it was the first time  that someone so close to me had died.	4
My patient died of Anaemia while I was organising blood  transfusion for him, so I felt guilty, because I thought that may  be I was slow.	6
I was told to do something I did not want to do.	0
I was really hoping that I would pass the examination, but I  failed and so I felt very sad.	4
When my husband talked about the restrictions he will have to  accept in his life to make our marriage work.  I felt that it was  directed at me as it was me who had demanded the changes.  We  were with a marriage counsellor then.	6
When I saw our computer teacher.	1
Watching a violent movie.	1
When a friend of mine told me a horror story.	2
I put an end to a friendship with a girl - I had only pretended  love and affection to be able to sleep with her.	5
When my sister became pregnant at UNZA last year.	5
When we received  our academic result I learnt that my  results  were bad as I had not done my best.  The results of my  accquaintances were good and when they asked me about my results  I really did not want to answer.	5
As an evening class teacher I got positive feedback.  When the  atmosphere is good and a kind of relaxed understanding exists.	3
South Korea winning more gold medals in the Asian Olympic (more  than China).	0
When I was walking in a field which had a lot of manure.	1
I felt very sad when I left home because I could not stand it any  longer. I do not regret it, but I missed my little sister very  much (and she missed me). These feelings wear off over time.	4
After one year of searching, my friend and I have found a flat we  are able to pay for.	3
I had promised to help out with domestic chores and I forgot  about it.	5
I had a quarrel with a good friend about the fact that I didn't  pay her a visit when she expected me to come. Hereafter I was  very sad because it became a real quarrel.	4
A friend of mine had said something about not liking to come to  my place just before coming to my place.   In the meanwhile I got  to learn about this from another friend of mine and when she  arrived at my place I really treated her badly.  I was later  ashamed of the way I had treated someone when the person was at  my place.	5
Receiving personal criticisms early in the morning.	0
When I had lied to a friend/son about some things we had  discussed and I had to be one better.	6
I found a big, black spider near a bag of food.	1
Finding out the great difference between China and the West in  science.	2
Felt joy a few years ago when I was away on holiday. And sat very  close to my best friend looking straight into the eyes.	3
Sometime back I used to stay with my mum alone then time came  when dad joined the family from his working place I found myself  having fear for him for no cause at all.	2
Beaten up by a classmate in school.	2
I wanted to take something from under my bed. While doing this I  felt a dead bird laying under my bed.	1
Can't remember any episode of disgust.	1
I was of the opinion that 12.00 pm was too early to be back at  home after going out, so I stayed away longer, knowing that my  mother would be worried.	6
In an examination ,which other students found easy I could hardly  think and did not know what to answer.	5
I'm allergic to most foods - eating something that I'm allergic  to caused guilt.	6
I felt guilty the other day because I took two pieces of bread  instead of one in the Cafeteria and some of the girls were short  of bread.	6
When I was leaving home I decided to leave without saying  good-bye to my young brother.  My brother saw me and said,         " Will you not say good-bye to me?"  He is only 31/2 years old. 	5
When my grandmother died after a long illness.	4
I went to visit a friend in hospital.  He was going to be  operated the next day.  I was afraid that they would not let me  in and I did not know what his reaction would be on seeing me.	2
My father was a member of the public Alcohol and Drugs Board,  when I was picked up by the police for being drunk in a public  place.	5
A serious drug error while nursing that I knew I was responsible  for (patient lived, no complications fortunately).	5
When a certain drunk man slapped my buttocks when I was quietly  standing waiting for a bus.	5
When I was young I got lost on the street and the police found me  after a day.	2
When a good friend with whom I had an intimate relationship made  clear that he didn't want to continue in the same way. He choose  his girlfriend (also a friend of mine).	4
The outrageous conduct of a relative towards me and those close  to me.(blaming us and lying)	0
A male, Honduran acquaintance of mine despised my opinions.	0
When I spoke to Jan-Erik Wikstrm on the telephone. 	0
When my grandmother died. She stayed with us until I had the age  of 10. When she died I was 13 and I remember the moment after the  funeral: I sat on the table and cried.	4
When my best friend promised to come at my house and I had to  prepare so many expensive things for her but only to learn at  last that she would not turn up.	4
When they found out that I was absent from school, I had gone to  the girl's secondary school.	6
When my uncle died whom I had loved very much. I was very sad and  I felt totally helpless.	4
When my girlfriend told me that she was no longer interested in  me.	1
In school I had difficulties mith mathematics. When I had to work  for an examination, I really felt disgusted.	1
 I was at a friend's place for lunch and she fell ill and  vomited.	1
Not finishing homework in time.	6
When my father and I worked on the house just after he had  recovered from illness, I was rather lazy.  This meant that he  had to work hard and was not very well later.	6
When I had my first boyfriend.	3
When a good friend of mine behaved in a very cool manner to me  for a very long time.	2
I have a fobic anxiety for elevators. This anxiety is worst at  the moment when the doors have to open. I have it often in the  elevator at our university.	2
A drunkard fell, started bleeding and wet himself.  Disgust that  turned into sadness-unpleasantness.	1
When I hurt a person's feelings.	6
One day I took my playmates to the river to swim and play. One  of them was epileptic so he drowned into the water. I felt guilty  because it was me who took them there.	6
When I got 1/2 out of 15 in Abnormal Psychology I felt ashamed.	5
Someone knocked on the door when I was alone at home (though  there was a door bell).  I looked through the peep hole but it  had been covered.  I called my sister but she could not help me  as she was hundreds of kilometres away.	2
A young man was insulting and humiliating a drunken man.	1
When they put the blame on me when I scored the third goal at the  match.	0
When I quarelled with my parents.	0
Went to a lecture about Chinese history and hear about the Opium  War.	5
When I got a letter from home.	3
When I see people with burns I feel sad, actually I can not even  express my feelings as I think that they must suffer a lot.	4
Getting the top price in the football pools.	3
I overturned in a canoe a few years back and I didn't know how to  swim. Although I had a life-jacket on I still panicked.	2
During a football game I made an offence towards an acquaintance.  Later on this acquaintance also tackeled me and the game became  very rude.	2
A friend of mine remembered me when she needed me and did not  even think about me when she did not need me.	1
I went singing with a group of young people on January 6th (The  three Magi), a local custom called "star singing". One of the girls, my  girlfriend, broke the star. Being the accompanying person, I felt very  angry thinking of the consequences.	0
Does not apply.	1
When I was first taken to the dissection room where I found 10 dead  human bodies.	2
The hero was chased by a terrible vampire in a suspense and  horror film shown on T.V.	2
When some unforgiving acquaintance dragged up an old and rather  embarassing situation from my past.	5
The trick was really intolerable.  They hid it, and I was worried  and restless all day.  When I saw them I really wanted to slap  each one of them.	0
My parents and brother came up over the weekend. We are a very  close family. This was my first year away from home. They brought  one jacko-lantern with a new design. That is the old joke that  we have a great new design - it's always the same.	3
Getting my accentance letter from CAL. 	3
When the whole family gets together for a one week holiday.   Everybody feels free and the trip is well planned.  It works out  well and we enjoy ourselves.	3
I had an interview for entry into college. The results were to be  announced on radio. After a long period of waiting the results  were released. I had succeded - tension was relieved by joy.	3
When I failed an exam unfairly.	0
One day my mother went to visit her friends.  When she came back  she scolded me for not having kept the house in order, so I  decided not to talk to her.	6
I was trying to have sex with my best friend's girl but she did  not agree to it.	6
The time I was at secondary school during the holiday I appeared  to my father while heavily drunk and I talked nonsense like in  some sort of carefree.	6
I was disgusted the other day I was told to take off the dog's  faeces around the house since they smelled bad I did the job but  in the end I felt disgusted.	1
Saw a real party leader.	1
I had this feeling when my parents distroyed a relationship with  a boy because they thought he was bad and irresponsible.	4
When I failed one of my courses at school - the university of  Zambia.	4
I was at home and I heard a loud sound of spitting outside the  door.  I thought that one of my family members would step on the spit  and bring the germs in the house.	1
I slipped on butter one evening in the Dining Commons landed on  my rear causing my tray also to land on the floor.	5
At school, I had acted against the will of the group, and the  next day they promised to take revenge on me.	2
Obscene phone calls.	1
I was feeling really low - had been a series of fights with my  siblings, been under pressure at school and wasn't going to the  party I wanted to go - instead I was going out with my family. A  guy called and said, in effect, that I was "nice" and he liked  me. Hence the emotional joy.	3
When my wife gave birth to a baby boy - my only son to date.	3
When I had been obviously unjustly treated and had no possibility  of elucidating this.	0
When I considered writing a load of crap for this emotion.	5
During a demonstration I climbed up the closed central door of a  bus.  When the bus stopped I had to go back to the same place,  afraid that the police would see me.   	2
I was to meet a friend at the bus-stop (he was coming to visit  us) and he did not turn up.  After having waited for him for some time      (about an hour) I called him up, to be told that he did not  intend to come as he was feeling tired.	0
When I met friends I had not seen for the last 2-4 years.	3
When the guy I was in love with told me that he had met someone  else and that we would not meet again for a year.  Although we  did not have a steady relatioship, we were having an affair.	4
When I was at a party I met an old friend from an adult  education course.  We had not met for 2 years but had both thought  a lot about each other.  A wonderful experience. 	3
When an untidy and heavyly drunk person made endeavours to  approach me.	1
During an argument with my brother, I behaved rather  intransigently, even cruelly, wishing to morally hurt the "person"  opposed to me.	6
I was in a car accident on the way back from a weekend rowing  regatta we'd won. 5 others were in the car. I thought I'd never  be able to row again.	4
I visited a special education school. The headmaster applied a  policy of strict positive - negative reinforcement to the  children involved. Children who measured up to his standards were  made a fuss of - children who didn't were ignored.	0
When I could not remember what to say about a presentation task  at an accounts meeting.	5
I did not do my homework and went to see a film.	6
I got to know that I had been accepted at university.	3
I felt happy at the end of a 10 day student camp.  We had shared  our hopes and aspirations and in the open situation so generated, we  had made strong frienships and experienced our own worth as well.   	3
Recently when my sister, who is four years younger than me and  very spoiled, shouted at my mother for no apparent reason .  The  heart-broken expression on my mother's face made me feel very  angry.	0
When I got 21/30 points in an exam of statistics. The result was  unexpected and it made me realize that statistics do not  surpass my abilities, as I have sometimes thought.	3
In a park near our home, a group of young people who were  strangely dressed were seated in the middle of the street.  They  began to eat while carressing each other.	1
The day I learnt that my girlfriend had been going around with  a  close friend of mine.	5
When someone took my things without having asked for my  permission.	0
On own reading book. Recall came to mind of slight sexual  exploitation of a female (years ago) i.e. had her on even for  sexual motives.	5
I once saw a programme on TV describing how certain wild life  films were made and was disgusted by the treatment of certain  animals in this particular programme of the polar bear.	1
When my father suffered with dizziness. He had to be  hospitalized, because the physician didn't know what was wrong.  Because his stools were black, I thought it could be cancer.	2
I work for a journal. Once the lay-out came to nothing, due to  thoughtlessness of some colleagues.	0
One Saturday morning I had got ready to go out swimming with my  friends.  Unfortunately the weather did not permit it, so we  stayed indoors.	4
I was disgusted with my girlfriend's behaviour. She was going out  with other boys who were also my friends.	1
Calling lecturers nicknames when talking to housemen (They told  ne you are even younger than they are so you should not be giving  public lectures).	6
Fighting with class mates in Highschool.	2
Being sexually assulted on a bus and noone helped (people only  laughed).	0
When I fell head on in a fountain.	5
When an argument with a friend of mine over our behaviour towards  another friend turned into a quarrel.   I lost my temper and nearly  knocked him out.	0
I felt guilty after hearing that my girlfriend with whom I had  spent most of my time was pregnant.	6
When my father died.	4
My father had been involved in a car accident two years ago.  I  was then very scared thinking that he would die as he lay  unconscious in hospital for two weeks.	2
A friend of mine often had difficulties with her parents. Once  she had a child she had a better relationship with them.	3
When I understood that my marriage was falling apart, and we  decided to be legally separated.	4
I experience a sense of guilt as my middle son cannot express  himself like other children, neither verbally nor in writing.	6
The funeral of a friend who was killed in a car accident. She was  of my own age, there were many of my own friends present, as well  as her family etc.	4
When the university withdrew the accomodation that it had given  me.	0
An invitation to spend 5 days at the seaside with all expenses  paid.	3
I felt disgust as a result of one of my midterms - I thought I  had prepared well for it, but the end result wasn't what I had  expected.	1
When my bosom friend tried to lie to me.	0
This was what I felt when my boyfriend went to Bourgas to study  there. I had the feeling I would lose him. Anyway the distance  Plovdiv-Bourgas seemed to me so great.	2
When I missed the chance of becoming a graduate in mining  engineering, after having prayed one week in the church I was  not even selected.	4
When a close classmate failed a year.	6
I was on the Inter Rail in Naples alone. After an evening in a  restaurant I was going back to the hotel when a prostitute  approached me to sell herself. I refused but as I carried on  walking I felt that I was being followed by someone.	2
My girlfriend wanted to breakup for an indefinite amt. of time.  She said that she couldn't commit herself fully to the  relationship without going out with other people. I was her first  boyfriend.	4
When I confessed to my girl-friend (now my wife) that I had  betrayed her with another woman.	5
When my basket ball team lost the qualification at a final.	4
Doing well in an examn.	3
I lived in a student-house, where you shared the lavatory and  shower with a fellow student. the shower cubicle formed the  connection between both appartments. My neighbour very often was  drunk and aggressive. One night, I was afraid that he would enter  my room.	2
When I get a hug from someone I love.	3
I was selected to do a rest for a foreign ballet but I did not  have the money to do it.	4
When my father came into the bathroom and saw me standing there  naked.	5
I wrote a difficult Exam at one time while in my Secodary School.  When the results were announced on the radio, I came second out  of 80 students hence I felt joy.	3
I think that I am rather shy and do not mix with people as I  would have liked to, out of shyness.	5
This I experienced when going around with more than one girl.	6
When I think that I have been too stict or narrow minded towards  my students.	6
Before the examn.	2
There was a cat on the street.  It had been run over and its head was  open.  We passed beside it.	1
When I was taking an exam in grade 5.  The examinator found me  with a note-book and accused me of copying, All the students  laughed at me.	5
When my nephew was taken to hospital with meningitis and we did  not know what would happen.	4
I returned home late from a party last night and I felt afraid  trying to anticipate the reaction of my father.	2
I promised a friend that I would return a book to it's owner for  him , but I forgot to do it.	5
Exchange of points of view with my sister on a family matter.	0
My boyfriend decided to make an end to our relationship.	4
My father died unexpectedly at the age of 53 years. He certainly  would have liked to live longer. I was also said because I was  confronted with the fact that I would die one day too.	4
When I overtook a car on the mainroad, misjudging the distance of  an oncoming car and this resulted in tooting and flashing from  the other driver (we could have collided), and I had an  acquaintance in the car with me.	5
This summer I got into a fight with one of our patrons (at a  theatre). He hit me and I hit him and her friend, he hit my friend  and we all hit eachother.	0
When my girlfriend decided to finish our relation.	4
Girls dressed like foreigners in the university.	1
When an intimate friend of mine passed B.A with first class and I  got only pass class.	5
Not being able to do well to be chosen for the English lecture.	4
When my aunt died.	4
Once when I was in the cell group (religious activity) I found  that almost everyone in the group read the bible daily and I felt  guilty in my heart.	6
Sometime ago I felt very angry when my mother wrote me telling me  that my elder sister was messing up things at home by her  internalised aggressive attitude towards parents and her husband.	0
When I heard my grandfather's wife had leukemia I was very sad.	4
Not handing in homework in time.	6
When I saw a film where a black was rapeing a girl while another one was  filming it for a pornographic movie.	1
One dark night with no street lights, a car was obviously  following me.	2
When my uncle comes (3 times a year) for the traditional  Christmas dinner with my grandparents and other relatives and is  very drunk.	1
When relatives have acted strangely, and unfriendly towards me.	5
New Year's Eve party in the country, I hardly knew a person; my  partner spent most of the time at the bar. I had little  opportunity to get to know people because our table was separated  and my boyfriend's parents were present.	0
When I had not been accepted to a college which I dreamed of  going to. I felt that I had let myself and my parents down.	5
Through the media and their presentation of a kidnapped child who  was raped.	1
My failure to provide the appropriate emotional/spiritual level  to a sexual relationship that had a large physical content. Born  out of inconsistency with my personal beliefs and value shame at  largely using this sexual partner.	5
When I accepted Jesus Christ as my personal saviour.  	3
A child beaten up by his mother.	4
I omitted to do a favor to a friend, while he was very much in  need for help.	5
I was very scared when I went to the examination hall for my M.Sc  examination as I had studied a limited partion of the course  thoroughly and I was in great doubt whether that would be asked.	2
A good friend, the wife of the vicar of my church came up to me  from the pews (I am in the choir) and shook my hand during the  time for an informal "greeting" in the church service. She said a  few words.	3
Whenever I am alone in a dark room, walk alone on the street,  sleep alone in the room at night or see something which is only  partly visible.  This emotion was very strong when as an 8 year    old child I saw something horrible.  	2
My father promised me a bicycle for my birthday. Just before my  birthday he forgot he promised this to me.	0
A friend and I were going to have a study session together in  which we quiz ourselves in biology material. Because I believed I  didn't study enough. I feared I would fail.	2
When my brother gave me a watch.	3
Too busy to write letters to friends and they said I had  forgotten about them.	6
When a friend tried to back bite me on false grounds.  This made  me wonder if he was a really a good friend.	0
After I had given the wrong answer to my students they pointed  it out to me and I had to correct myself.	5
While I was pushing a court roller out of a ditch, I slipped and  fell down and the roller rolled back towards me -down slope-It is  a miracle that I still have my legs intact.	2
I had lunch in a restaurant with a friend and I paid the bill.   The change was that of a two dollar and a ten cent coin.  As I  was talking with my friend I took the two dollar coin and forgot  to leave a tip.	5
after getting a fail notice for a math class, I realized I was  not doing very well in school in any subject. I began to fear  failing a class or two.	2
When my grandmother died - I wasn't sad so much that she'd died  because she was old, but because she lived in the last few years  in an old people's home and had nothing very much that was hers -  no chair, or private space, and when I went to visit she would be  sitting in the "lliving" room the TV room. It was hopeless. And I  felt awkward so I didn't go and I was sad 'cos how I couldn't.	4
The patient whom I expected to get well suddenly passed away  after he showed had his meals.	0
I felt extreme joy the day I was baptized. I was one with God.	3
I remember my religious experience.  During  a gospel camp, a few  friends of mine decided to believe in God.  The joy that I felt  at that time was more than words can express.  I blessed them and  praised God in my heart.	3
One day I had sunned my favourite shirt and was putting it back  in the wardrobe when my younger brother snatched it from me and  wore it.  He had not had a bath and was very dirty.  I scolded him  but he answered back and locked himself up in a room.  I was very  angry so I starteed kicking on the door and abusing him loudly  and freely.	0
I fell outside the door of my house.	5
When I heard the examination results and when I recovered after  having been sick for a week.	3
A borrowed car broke down while I was using it.  It was not my  fault, nevertheless I felt guilty.	6
When the summer holiday job was almost over.	1
A child told me she had been sexually abused by her step-father.  I only knew the child and had not come into contact with either  parent. I tried to do what was best for the child. The event and  the stepfather disgusted me.	1
When I was finally qualified for my profession.	3
Saw a mate bribing the leader.	1
I was saying bad things about a man I had never seen.  I was  with a friend and did not know that she was related to this man.   My friend did not tell me about it and I discovered this myself.	5
Whenever I am late, I feel ashamed of myself even though no one  tells me anything.	5
When I accepted a lunch invitation from a past male friend.	6
When people would tell me that my ex-girlfriend was playing  around on me.	0
Saw the village I come from still pay money to buy wife.	4
When I received the best actor award at the inter-college drama  competition.  It gave me tremendous joy and satisfaction which  lasted for several days.	3
Every time I was around this one person I would stick my foot in  my mouth by being nasty. One time I accidently said something  fairly cruel that was totally inappropriate.	5
When I was in F4 I led my class to a riot.  However the form  master said that my conduct was good and asked me to tell him the  names of those who had taken part in it.   I replied that I did  not know.	5
When I had not done well in Geography at my MCE I was expected to  get more than I did.	5
When my mother found me in her bedroom "stealing" sugar in her  bedroom.  According to our customs there comes a stage when a  child stops using the parents bedroom and I was well past that  age.	6
I lied to my mother in the sixth form she said she would ring to  find out and I had to tell her I had lied.	6
I had misbehaved at a party and did not wish to meet the person  in question later.	5
After hearing the news about the death of my sister, I felt very  sad.	4
I had a very short term romance during the summer vacations.  When  we first met I felt excited but I wanted to avoid him after we had met  a few times and so I proposed that we stay apart, I felt very  sad then.	4
When I saw a large spider crawling up the wall.	2
Losing a boyfriend for the second time to my friend. He fell in  love with her. The same thing happened a few months earlier with  another boyfriend.	4
When I demand too much from my friends.	6
Someone acting stupid in public.	1
While watching an entertainment program in which there was a clever   and amusing sketch.	3
During a class I was asked a question which I did not hear very  clearly, so I gave an answer which was not related to the  question and everyone started laughing at me.	5
My older sister used to pick on my brothers and sisters all of  whom were younger than her. On one occasion my brother did  something my sister didn't like. A full-scale battle began.	1
The day the results of the Chinese university was announced I  should have been very happy; however my grandmother, because of   her prejudice and misunderstanding, started a  quarrel with my  mother.  She expected me to take her side and she deliberately  talked of my mother's wrong doings.  I was very angry because -  one my grandmother was not being reasonable and two because it  should have been a happy day and three we had moved into a new  house that day.	0
I acted in an English play in college and got the Best Actress  award, while our play got the first place.	3
Today I did a lot better on my architecture project than I  expected.	3
A professor was going to read aloud in class a composition of  mine in which I had criticized some political attitudes and also  some class-mates.   I was ashamed at having written that.	5
I allowed my little brother to clean the bathroom in his own way.  My mother came and saw the floor overflowed with water, slapped  my brother in the face and told him to go to bed immediately.	6
When I was called for an Interview at Kamuzu College of Nursing.	2
When an English teacher unfairly made me repeat a semester which  I thought I had passed.  I had to ask my parents for some more  money to carry on studying.	0
My girlfriend and I slept in a lonely hut (we had drunk alcool).  Suddenly some soil fell on us, then some water. Although we tried  hard, we could not find out the cause.	2
I was in the cafeteria at the university and a class-mate told me  that a friend of hers had had all her teeth taken out because of  an infection caused by her eating a rat's nail in her hamburger.	1
I read in the newspaper about a 21 yr. old woman who was found  naked and dead along a roadside. It turned out she had had two  relatives 14 and 19 who were kidnapped, raped and killed earlier.	1
I saw part of a Prince video with him crawling out of a bath tub.	1
I was in my room, I just heard that my Uncle had been caught in  somebody's house with somebody's wife. He had to appear in court.  I went to see what would happen to him.	5
I was asked to stop studying economics, a field which interested  me, by my employers.	0
One morning I was standing at the bus-stop and the bus passed by  without stopping, even though there were only 8-10 passengers  inside.  I felt angry at the rude behaviour of the bus driver and   conductor.	0
A classmate damaged ma iron and tried to hide the damage.	0
My grandmother several times has been struck by cerebral  hemorrhages. Until now she recovered well each time, but there is  always the threat to loose her.	2
A brother from one of the Christian fellowship often phoned me  and talked to me for half an hour or more.  However there was  nothing important in the conversation and I found the person very  disgusting.	1
I was afraid when my mother left me alone to live in our house  for one month.	2
Each time I am confronted with reports about repression and  torture.	1
Not applicable.	1
When I was doing my homework at home, some relatives came and  advised me to help my mother do the house-work.	5
When I passed the B.A exams with first class results.	3
When my boyfriend wouldn't dance with me on my graduation night  because he thought I could dance with my friends who were  friendly.	0
When I heard that there is teasing and bulling at Secondary  School.	2
A close friend of the family died.	4
Once, when I was very young, my mother left me alone in the  house and came back very late.	2
A student who lives in the same house where I live is an alcoholic. He  tries to manipulate other people with his money when he has drunk  too much.	1
I had a very close friend who went to Canada after her F.B, his   departure was unavoidable.  When he came back during the Summer  holidays I was very happy as nothing had changed between us.	3
I had shouted at my younger brother and he was always afraid when  I called out loudly.	6
When, late at night, I discovered that they had stolen my bike.	0
My parents were out and I was the eldest at home.  At midnight a  male stranger phoned us and spoke to me in a rough language.  I  hung up and heard someone walking outside our door.	2
A saturday night a bus full of drunken people.	1
When I was told that I could take a week off and go for a trip  with my friends.	3
My teacher asked me a question which I failed to answer and I was  told to stay behind after the class and give the answer after  studying it from a book.	5
The day my teacher of Latin and French died.	4
When a girl said in my back that we were in love, and she had  actually refused me.  When I confronted her she started insulting  me.	1
Four weeks ago I felt very much touched to find an asciatic  patient who had asked the very morning to be tapped of the fluid,  dying in the evening. I was really disgusted because this was the  Medical staff's negligence. Had the Clinical officers done  something that very morning he might have been alive today.	1
A few days ago, I hitch-hiked to Arnhems with a friend.  Everything went well: they picked us up very quickly, the sun was  shining, I was feeling free and, for the first time after long  time, happy. I really had the feeling that I was living at full  speed.	3
Being insulted by my roommate.	0
I was catched when, as a little girl, I played tricks. I was very  startled then and wet my pants.	5
When armed robbers broke into our house at night.	2
When I said good-bye to my girlfriend.  I had spent two years on  developing this relationship and it was unsuccessful, I felt very  sad.	4
When I was at the end-of-term party last week and had fun - was  happy and sang and drank only soft drinks.  It is possible to  have a good time without alcohol.	3
When I as a child of 9 or 10 I was playing doctor with the  neighbours boys their mother caught us.	5
Breaking up with a girl.	4
Observing someone in the cafeteria noisily gulping in his food,  having extremely bad manners.	1
When my friend was involved in a car accident.	2
This is an incident that many of us witness in our everyday life  in a city like Bombay.  One day I was travelling by bus, three  men dragged two fellows out of the bus.  Once outside they were  beaten into pulp.  These two fellows, who got beaten, were pick-pockets  and they were being beaten by all and sundry.  I thought to  myself -"what is life?".  It is one hell of a place where  everyone is after someone else.  One waits to cut the throat of  the other one just for a living, (money).  When I think about  such things - the purpose of life, etc, I feel very disgusted and  dejected.	1
Someone told me that I was chosen for English lectures because  the class leader is going out with me (not true).	0
One of these people who sell meat in town used a knife to stab  his friend and later carried on using the same knife to cut meat.	1
My teacher reminded us not to do a Summer job, however I did it  for two months.  Yesterday I was chatting with my teacher and  when we talked of the Summer job, I felt ashamed.	5
When I was a student at the Institute doing my M.Phil degree, one  of my professors called me before the convocation and told me  "You have got the gold-medal (first rank) in the university and  tomorrow you will be on T.V".	3
When I was accepted at UNZA.	3
When I walk through streets late at night. This is because I and  my friends were attacked one night without any reason for it.	2
When I was subjected to a very nasty joke by a group of friends.	0
An hour before receiving the certificate results I was very  frightened.  When I saw others crying I felt very tense and as  time went by my fear grew.	2
I was not given a chance to explain to my close relatives as to  why I could not go to visit them when they were ill.  When I did  go, they thought that I had been selfish and irresponsible during their illness.	0
When I saw a TV program on the North American military plan  called "The startwar".	2
When I hit my young sister without a valid reason.	6
The dying of a close member of the family.	4
Last week a friend of mine called on me and said I was moody and  difficult to persuade. With this I got angry with her.	0
My P.T. instructor also works as a masseur. He wanted to massage  me, therefore I had to undress. For the first few times this was  not easy for me; I got gradually used to it.	5
My superior blamed me for some neglects at work in front of  others.  In fact, the task in question was not supposed to be  done by me.	0
When I got fired from a job because I gave a discount to a  friend.	6
When my sister had the still born child, she was emotionally very  deep down, and it took her a long time to recover.	2
Once again my parents distroyed a relationship.	0
Someone played a trick on me.	0
I wrote a letter to my boyfriend but he couldn't answer it in  time so as a defence mechanism I just found that I felt so sad  about it and couldn't talk to anyone.	4
When I went for the first time in my life to a nudist-beach.	5
When stupid people push me during rush time in the city.	0
When my husband quarrelled with me for no reason at all.	1
My parents did not let me go on holidays with my friends.	0
Being sexually assulted and told my friends about it (we cried  together).	4
When my special friend said "I love you" for the first time.	3
When I tried to steal a book from the bookshop and was caught.	5
When my room-mate made a mess of the room after having drunk the  whole night at a graduation party ceremony.	1
The day I was told that I had been accepted as a student of  economics.	3
I was so excited once that I told my classmate that she was old,  this hurt her and I felt guilty.	6
I felt guilty because I stole some sweets from my father's  grocery. When he asked me who stole the sweets I told him it was  my brother who stole the sweets and he was scolded.	6
I was spending the week-end with some friends.  We were waiting  for another friend and we went to the meet him at the bus stop, a   woman we met there told us that the coach had already left.  I  was afraid that I would not see my friend, but at last we found  him.	3
A study visit to a chicken factory : the butchery, the smell,  the environment and the noise.	1
Once our school class went skiing. On a steep slope a boy  standing behind me lost his balance, fell down and drew me with  him. I slided down the whole slope. At about 1 m distance from a  tree I could stop.	2
One day, when I was sitting on the bus, there was an old woman  standing beside me.  I was very tired and sleepy and did not  think of giving her my seat.  A 50 year old woman who was sitting  beside me got up and gave her seat to the old woman and said,   " Old woman, please take my seat, the youngstters these days are  not used to giving their seats to others."  When I heard these  words I was very ashamed of myself and wanted to get off the bus  at once.  	5
When my cousin put feaces in my washing.  A silly idea which was  meant to be a joke.	1
I had asked the teacher to write a recommendation letter for me,  but I had not provided enough information and had run short of  time.	4
When I failed the entrance exam to IMEC.	4
When I failed to answer a simple question.	5
When bicycling along, a courier van started to tail me very close  - I sped up and moved over and he just did the same. I reacted  violently, much physical responding in the dangerous situation.	0
Going to Cowell Hospital and finding out tediously that I had a  stress fracture. The anger came when the senile doctors found out  4 weeks later that I had 2 stress fractures in one foot and  should have had crutches. I was in distinct pain and barely could  walk to classes. They said it would be better in 2 weeks.	0
When someone makes advances that one does not want.	1
When our dog died.	4
Every time I went home with my school report.	2
I behaved in a nasty manner towards a friend, I said things which  I could have said in a more friendly way. After that I felt  guilty.	6
My class leader told me I am not chosen for your English  lectures.	0
When I had not prepared my contribution to the group as  thoroughly as the other members, with the result that the  overall result was poor.	5
A series about Freud was shown on TV.  In it, a tampon had been  set in the nose of a woman, and forgotten there.  After great  pain it was taken off (close-up picture), the woman was bleeding  from the nose and the mouth.	1
A friend of mine had sex with someone of a different race on a  Winnebago trip down to USC in front of everyone (all my friends  embarrassed my sorority house name).	1
I felt joy when my boyfriend proposed to me in marriage.	3
When a thief broke into my house and stole some valuable goods.	0
When I heard that a good friend had committed suicide.	4
When I imitated a teacher behind his back - walking very silly.	5
Finding that a girlfriend of mine was a prostitute and had been  seeing many others during our relationship.	1
My mother had sent me to buy a few things.  The change I brought  back was not right as I had given away some money to a friend  thinking that she would not notice it.  However, my mother told  me that the change was not correct.	6
I had not seen my brother for five years as he was not in Spain.    When he arrived at the airport, I felt great joy.	3
When I gave my boyfriend a brush-off.	5
Physically fighting with my girlfriend because she just walked  out of a room of my friends and had pushed and cursed at me when  I went to find her.	0
When I was late for work and told my boss that it was due to  transport problem, whereas the truth was that I had woken up  late.  I thus cheated my boss.	6
When a kid dropped my father's radio cassette player, which he  had just repaired.	0
I was working at a certain place and everyday after work dad  would come to pick me up.  One day he did not come, it started  getting very dark and I had no money on me and my home was very,  very far away.	2
When I received a letter from my girlfriend telling me that she  was engaged to an another man.	5
On a road trip with a group of sorority and fraternity people, I  became intoxicated and basically raped. I don't remember the  actual event, but I know the feeling that I experienced later.	5
Friends who torture animals.	1
I have high expectations for my future but if I pursue the  subject in this manner I will not attain this.	4
I was in grade 7.  We had an inter-house volley-ball competition.   In Luapula I was the youngest member of the team and I scored   the winning goal using my head.  I jumped up with joy and fell  down.	3
When some people, including me, are treated in a way which  equates them to an animal or a thing.	1
During class one day I walked out of the class.  The  teacher noticed it and decided that he would take some action  against me, when I realized this I approached him and told him  that I was sorry for the incident and would not repeat it.	6
A close relative was at odds with a very powerful firm.  All his  things had been taken, His dad had died a little before this  event.  He gathhered his children and vowed to give them a good  life with a new start - the words were hollow, he bit back his  tears .....I asked to be excused and then went and cried in the  loo.	4
My parents failed to visit me as they promised.	4
Right before I went to a concert with my last boyfriend he told  me that although he told me he was going to take me to the  concert, he didn't want to see me anymore. After that we stayed  overnight and I said "well, when he leaves me I will be ruined  for awhile, but for now we're together." I woke up in his arms  and it was the happiest moment of my life.	3
While watching a movie, someone who was drunk started vomiting  helplessly.	1
During the summer I received grade cards from my TA's. I expected  a B no better in Computer Science. I looked at the card - I got an  A - I was ecstatic.	3
My father who is very quiet discovered I was going out with a  coloured boy. He called me names and was really upset.	5
After yelling at my girlfriend, I felt bad because she was ?  crying and upset.	6
I am disgusted by people who spoil their identity because of  misbehaviour.  This morning when I was in a crowded bus, I found  a seat on which a university student was sitting on one side and  he had put his bag and files next to him.  There was very little  space left and I sat down while he kept on reading.  Even when I  leaned on him he did not put his bag away.  He did not respond and  I felt very angry.	1
When my girlfriend became pregnant.	3
When I insulted an elderly person for no reason.	6
My 2 year old daughter disappeared in a moment of inattention; I  was responsible for her.	2
My grandmother died suddenly last summer.	4
When I learnt that my cousin sister was pregnant.	1
I had to unscrew something on my car. I didn't succeed after two  afternoons of trying. A feeling of anger built up itself.	0
I worked together with another student on a computer-assignment.  She didn't do her best and didn't prepare herself for it. She  expected me to explain it to her.	0
Did badly in an examn.	4
My boyfriend hinted over the phone about wanting to "be free".   He thus did not say it point blank, silence followed.	2
A friend forgot his appointment with me.	0
Classes were over and I wanted to go home.  A friend of mine  asked me to wait for half an hour to take him back home.  I said  no.  	6
When I realized that I loved someone of the opposite sex.	3
My feelings towards would-be in-laws for their participation in  recent broken relationship.	0
I was very happy when I passed the B.A with first class marks.	3
When my parents did not let me go on a study tour.	4
Some time ago I took the driving test. I did answer the  theoretical questions very well, but I failed the practical  driving test. It was my fault because I had not enough practice.	6
I caught a huge eel on a fishing line which I had pulled into the  boat. I cut the line and threw the whole lot back into the water.  Later that day and about ten miles away I went swimming and  someone made the comment wondering how far eels could swim, I  abruptly ended swimming for fear at an unseen eel for a few days  until we had left the district.	2
Insulted by other people in the shop.	0
When I witnessed a bus accident in which a bus, full of passengers,   nearly overturned on the Lusaka-Kabwe road. 	2
My father began to say incoherant things concerning my brother's and  my own behaviour towards him.  His biased (authoritarian) and  ridiculous point of view made us angry.	0
I prayed unfaithfully.	6
When my grandmother passed away.	4
When my close friend was involved in an accident and passed away  instantly.  He had gone to buy a new car and had asked me to  wait at his home so that I could see his new car.	4
When my friend who was drunk insulted me in public for no reason at  all.	1
Christmas Eve: there was a tension between my parents, they did  not even try to restore a harmonic atmosphere. Mother stayed in  her room almost the whole day. I felt alone and was very sad.	4
I was not able to explain well to my good friend to make him less  angry.	6
Angry with my brother, who was making fun of me, teasing me.	0
Against the will and without the approval of my parents I went  for a few days to my boyfriend in Germany.	6
Last week I had planned to play tennis and had booked a tennis  court.   However when I arrived at the university gym the clerk  told me that the court was being used for lessons.	0
I spend the night with my boyfriend, while there was also a  friend of his. We all lay on the floor to sleep. When my  boyfriend was fallen asleep the other boy and I started petting.  After 15 minutes I felt miserable and awoke my boyfriend to tell  him that.	6
I wanted to borrow lecture notes from a friend and he did not  lend me them.	0
Getting back my Psych 140 midterm.	2
Lost a friend.	4
I have done the teachers training course (B.Ed).  During our  training I was asked to handle the ninth standard class in a boys  school.  I was scared to face the class the first day.	2
After several days delay in my girlfriend's menstration I was  very glad to see that the pregnancy test was negative.	3
A girl whom I trusted and with whom I had shared personal, confidential  matters twisted the facts and told it to a common friend of ours.   When this common friend told me the version my friend had told  her, I was angry.	0
I suddenly found that those whom I considerered to be my good  friends did not care for me.  Although I could still be with them  I felt unimportant.  I deeply thought about the reason behind  this so as to see who was responsible for this.  Finally I made  up my mind and decided not to expect too much from them.  I was  sad when I decided that they were no longer my good friends.	4
Obscene phone call where the person knew my name.	2
When my brother did not send me the transport money to resume       my studies in time at UNZA.	0
The time I qualified to enter secondary school.	3
I felt guilty when I was given a prize which belonged to someone  else.	6
A parking fine.	6
When others let me down, fail to keep agreements.	0
My sister won a scholarship to Norway and it was particularly as  she walked across the tarmac to get on the plane and she looked  back at us.	4
Caught lying to my father about a speeding ticket I had received.	5
When abroad, while driving a car along a dark, winding road.	2
Last semester when I dated a girl whom I've known for almost a  year. However one night she said she wanted us to be "just  friends". I confided this to a friend Jim I was really suffering.  A month or two later he broke up with his old girlfriend and they  started going out regularly. I have no girlfriend nor have I had  a romantic relationship of any significance. I feel some anger  but we are friends again.	0
In arguments with a close friend or relative where my point of  view is completely disregarded.	0
I started a new branch of studies after having failed a former  one.  When I got back my exam papers I was very happy to know  that I almost had full marks.	3
When I went to see the dead body of my uncle.  This was a very  dramatic expreience as it was the first time that I entered a  mortuary.	4
When given responsibility to grade papers in elementary school, I  cheated a little and graded my own higher.	5
I saw a dog who was eating excrements.	1
When I saw an insect going up my arm.	1
It was the weekend of my homecoming. I saw my sister for the  first time in 3 months. She's my best friend and extremely close.	3
The breaking up of a relationship.  We decided that the  relationship could not carry on, so it was no surprise to me.  And anyhow, I had known it would happen sooner or later.	4
When I patronized a certain tavern which had prostitutes, it was  almost a brothel.	1
Making bloopers: e.g. telling something negative about a certain  person, while that person is standing besides you and hears  everything.	5
When I deliberately engineered a situation to cause tension  between friends so as to bolster the impression one of them had  of me !	6
It was in the evening when I heard that my girl went to Zambia  and that she would never come back.	4
This situation happened when I was found kissing a girl who was  my friend's girlfriend.	5
I felt guilty when I had taken the car keys and I had an accident  but as my parents did not know who was to blame, they punished my  brother because I had no driving licence and they thought it  impossible that had driven the car.	6
When I lose on my bets on anything - baseball, football,  basketball, track, craps, poker, or arcade - whether its 5  dollars or 200 I feel that I should never have done it in the  first place.	1
My intimate girlfriend told me that her father was opposed to our  relationship  and had insulted my integrity.	0
When I attended the concert of a pop singer.	3
When my roommate and I had dinner together we decided as to who  would clean the bowls.  One day when I came back from school I  found that she had not cleaned up.  Since I had to cook dinner I  cleaned them myself and felt unhappy and disgusted.	1
Almost crashing my car, something which could have led to great  problems.	2
When I got to know about the reaction of a friend of mine in a  certain situation.  I had not expected him to react that way.	0
When my love for a guy was returned.	3
When a friend and me played a joke on our boyfriends.  Her  boyfriend came up and accused me of having planned the whole  thing and said that I did not deserve my boyfriend.  He  embarassed me in front of a crowd.	0
When the committee, to which I belong, was accused of having  squandered the money of the association.	1
When I was about to be bitten by my friend's dog, later on it bit  me.	2
With the N.Z. Rugby Union wanting to send the All Blacks to South  Africa.	1
When my younger sister, who was then 16 years old, was pregnant.	5
A person misinterpreted what I had told her. I had told her that  I had failed to insert a NasoGastric tube but she went and  scolded the patient that she was being uncooperative.	6
When I noticed that my parents were not in such a prosperity as  most people in my surroundings.	4
When one finds out that someone you know is not at all like one  had thought, for instance friends who steal and things like that,  quite unwarranted.	1
Losing my job that I had for 4 summers. I took it personally and  cried for 6 hours off and on. I wanted to hide away and did for a  few days.	4
I had stayed for months without seeing mother because our  holidays were short and my home is far. Some times, mother came to  see me at school, I was very joyful, and I didn't want her to go.	3
I had a small argument with a relative and some other people got  implicated.  It resulted in a proper row.	6
I went to a doctor with a complaint. The doctor told me that I  was completely healthy.	3
When my mother's heart nearly stopped.	2
I confronted with this feeling at the Institute quite recently,  the pedology lecturer was the cause.	0
My sister marrying a bad man. He is cruel to her.	4
When my darling found me walking hand in hand with another girl  whom I loved also. 	5
When I lost the notes of the lecturer I had borrowed from my  friend.	1
The last time I had to phone the Registry, after having called  them so many times in the last few days.	5
On New Year's Eve, when I went to the house of my girlfriend's  parents to meet them.	5
I was working as a secretary.  My boss was to go to give a  lecture, and wanted me to give him the exact address of the  place.	6
A "near-accident" in a car, driving too fast on an icy road.	2
When Kanishka was blown up, I really felt disgusted at people  killing each other.	1
After attending a song contest proposed by a band called "Chyne"  we (6 of us) waited for the members of the band to greet us in  front of the stage.  We went out after a few minutes as it was  time to close the hall.  We had been waiting at the entrance hall  for ten minutes when three of the band members came out.  They  were very excited to see us, one of them was so excited that he  had tears in his eyes.  We felt very warm and close to each  other.  They took us back into the hall and we talked freely.  We  were together for about an hour and during this time we felt  that they were very sincere.	3
A friend catched me while masturbating. I am not fully sure  whether she saw it or not.	5
My father is someone I disgust. So when he comes close to me  a feeling of disgust overwhelms me. When I stay a week-end at my  parent's place I will remember it for long time.	1
My boy-friend an I seperated on his initiative.	4
I was drunk one night and I insulted three ladies.  The following  morning they approached me and asked me the reason behind my  bahaviour, I apologized for my unruly behaviour.	6
Can't remember any such feelings now.	1
One day while we were strolling along the road one of my  friends suggested that we go and watch a blue film.  I was  curious so I went along but I felt quite guilty later.	6
Two little children (5/6 years old) begging for money, and noone  gave them money.	4
My mother caught me stealing some food when I was a young  boy.	5
I failed to complete a working task within the agreed time.	6
At a party, I started talking to a guy I had seen in one of my  classes. My boyfriend felt awkward and left to talk to a friend  but kept on looking at me as I talked.	6
I insulted the girl to whom I had proposed when she turned me  down.	5
I received the results of the test paper of my major subject and  I found that my result was not as good as a classmate who had  recently changed his major subject.    I felt very ashamed.	5
When I read about or think about environmental pollution, the  armor race, starvation, etc. Then one realizes that mankind is  bad, most important is power and money, at the cost of nature and  mankind.	1
I got caught shoplifting a package of gummy bears.	2
There is a boy who I love very much. I asked him to have dinner  with me, but he refused I don't know why he didn't go with me,  but I felt very lonely.	4
The editor changed the heading of an article that I had written.   He considered the heading to be derogatory towards the person I had written  about.	0
When the Cambridge results came out and I obtained a first  division.  I had been thinking that I had not done very well.	3
When I learnt of the death of a friend.	4
The way this particular girl spoke, behaved, and reacted the  first time I was introduced to her, I felt certain that something  between us would materialize.	3
One summer when I was camping with friends they devised and  elaborate plan to scare me by having our camp attecked by a wild  animal (one of them) and then convincing the campground was  the home of a satanic organization.	2
When I was teaching a student started making silly remarks in  class.	1
Broken a friend's cup.	6
I was away to school (Primary). In my abscence my young brother  at home got sick suddenly. My parents took him to hospital. On  the way he died. It came to me as a sad, sudden and shocking  news and I felt very sad.	4
Having a fight with a class mate.	0
When I got very drunk and really misbehaved at Christmas.	6
Recent break-up of seriors long-term relationship, helped along  by would-be  in-laws.	4
When a boy who was drunk came into my room and misbehaved in the  presence of my boyfriend.	0
When I see rotten meat.	1
I met my present boyfriend on a boat trip to England.  We had  said that we would call each other when we got back to Sweden (we  were not going to the same town in England).  As soon as I walked  in he called from England as he could not wait till he came  home.	3
When someone I love told me that she did not love me anymore and  that she wanted all the snaps that she had given me in exchange  for the ones I had given her.	4
I came across a blind man sitting in one of the corridors and  asking for money, though I had some money I did not give him  anything.	6
Achievement of a task by a friend who had begun a new job. She  wasn't confident of handling the situation so was thinking  of  leaving the job only after 2 days employment.	3
Due to a misunderstanding on my part, two of my best friends  quarelled.	6
When my grandfather died.	4
I was very sad when I had to leave persons with whom I had a very  intense relationship I also had to leave the environment which  was part of this.	4
I lost my driver's licence because of speeding.	5
In form three we were taking our mock exams and someone else (a  friend) was making noise when the examinateur picked on me and  said that he would tear up my answer sheet.  I got very angry  with the girls involved.	0
At having an argument with a stranger, in the street.	0
I had known the girl for a few months when I proposed to her and this  put an end to our friendship, as from then on we started  withdrawing from each other.  I liked her very much.	6
My friend had trouble and I was not able to help him.	6
Staying alone in a dark place.	2
When I came back from work one day, the friends of my son told me  that he had not come back from school and that he was lost.	2
I am a school teacher.  One of the classes does not obey me at all,  keeps on talking, does no work.  One afternoon, everything went  wrong, and I got exceedingly angry.	0
When the brother-in-law of a girlfriend of mine found us in a  bedroom with clothes and panties spread all over the place.	5
I was an instructior in a youth organization.  Whenever we, the  instructors would have a meeting the advisor would be present.   He did not understand our worknig conditions but talked a lot  and had a lot of outdated ideas.  Whenever we disagreed with him  he was very discontent and said that we had a prejudice against  him.  Why did he have to treat us as his subordinates ?	1
While paddling in the river during a storm.  I feared drowning.	2
When I received the acceptance form for the second year at  university.	3
My mother and I had an argument over buying some clothes for me.   She did not accept the fact that I did not like the same things  as her, and we ended up shouting at each other.	0
I am thinking about death, the eternal of it, the unknown, the  sense of being here. Often, laying in bed in the dark and quiet,  the fear makes me feel dizzy.	2
I overreacted towards my mother and felt ashamed afterwards.	5
I can not think of any incident when I have felt very ashamed.   There are small incidents that I am ashamed of, for instance,  not sending money to the children in Ethiopia.	5
During carnaval I danced for a few minutes normally I don't dance  because I am rigid in my moving around during a dance, I stopped  very soon.	5
Yesterday when I received a B on a history midterm. I felt  overjoyed after having received C's previously.	3
A good friend quitted me after he had behaved in a strange  manner.	4
I always feel ashamed when I do not succeed in accomplishing  something in which I had put in all my efforts.	5
I heard somebody talk about studies in a highly enthusiastic  "student-like" way.	1
Staying in a relative's house which was broken in before.	2
When the dean of UNZA asked me to vacate a big flat I was  occupying and take up a smaller one as I was becoming a full time  student at UNZA.	0
When we were in high school a few guys sometimes provoked a  friend of mine.  They called her a pig and then grunted.  This  irritated most of the girls.  Once, one of the girls got angry at  my friend and said something nasty and this made me terribly  angry.	0
When I first saw a person begging.	0
I had been very weary all week - no letters, no phonecalls, no  visitors and then my younger sister came with some cheese, a card  and some pocket money for me; and she told me that she was  working now.	3
Passing a very difficult examination which I didn't expect - MCE.	3
When my tennis match was interrupted because a kid cycled right  into the court.	0
In a Christian gathering's lucky draw I mistook a girl's name for  mine (a boy's name).  I realized my mistake only when I went up  to the stage for the prize.  I did not know what to do as  everyone was looking at me.  I blushed and went back to my seat.	5
I forgot my mother's and sister's birthdays (they fall on the  same day).	6
I felt guilty at being part of the successful people. Felt guilty  at being a student when other people were not. Guilt about being  a potential success in various areas of society. (So stupid this  emotion)	6
Forgetting a close friend's birthday.	6
When I passed my MSCE Exams and was selected to go to college.	3
I had met someone and we became good friends. Our relationship  grew closer and now he is my boyfriend. I felt joy when I found  out how he felt about me.	3
My behaviour at a recent party.  I passed out early, luckily.	5
When I cancelled an appointment with an idle story. Afterwards  it appeared that the person had looked forward to it and reserved  time for it.	6
Death of my grandmother.	4
A friend's brother died.	4
When thieves broke into our house, I was disgusted by their  behaviour.  They did not find anything so they broke things like  the windows, glasses etc.	1
NO RESPONSE.	1
I was at home alone and my mother had asked me to heat the house.  I put too much fuel into the stove. It began to glow and there  was a noise in the whole house as if it was going to explode.	2
When I realized that I was in hospital after a car accident and  that I had a scleral tear in my left eye.	4
When I was face to face with my deceived friend after sleeping  with his wife.	6
When I failed the twelveth standard exams I was ashamed at  having to see my parents later.	5
I broke a cup and put it back without telling anyone about it and  someone almost got blamed for it, then it was discovered that it  was me who had broken it.	6
I was coming home from a relative's place and it was about  9.30/10 P.M.  I felt slightly apprehensive when I got off the bus  and started walking towards my place.  I was confident that  nothing would happen to me, yet there was this slight feeling of  fear.	2
You may find out that I am stupid and not to let me do your  experiment.	2
I went to the ballet lessons with a little friend in the dark. On  a very quiet place a boy approached us from behind and asked at  what time the lesson would be finished. I gave him an avoiding  answer, he took me up and wanted to run away with me.	2
Heard about someone telling lies about me to my best friend.	0
When I first heard "I like you !" from my boyfriend.	3
After being depressed because of a very bad relationship, my  first love called me and told me that he would always care for me  no matter what I did.	3
Not getting on with someone of my classmates in high school.	4
I was very drunk at a certain wedding party and I got involved in  a fight.	5
Standing in a crowed shop or in a closed room with too much  people in it. This gives me a fearful experience.	2
When I did poorly on a test and I knew that there wasn't an  excuse for not doing better. Made mistakes I could not believe I  made.	5
When I got to know that my father had passed away.	4
On Reberbahn, I was in a "restaurant" where drinks were  overpriced.  I did not ask for the prices beforehand, and when  the bill came I could not pay the bill.	6
I could not finish my homework on time.	5
When I found out that I could not go to the concert (after buying  the tickets) because of a biology test which occurred the morning  after.	4
I did not quite succeed in breast feeding my baby.	4
When I found out that someone close to me was flirting around.	1
One night at three o'clock I was followed by a cardriver, who  tried to molest me.	2
Failing in the English language exam.	5
When I got admission in M.Sc (I) Organic Chemistry, I was very  happy.	3
My boyfriend finished our relationship when I started studying  psychology in Nijegen, because then we would not be able to meet  frequently anymore.	4
I feel disgust at my neighbour, because she comes to our house with  her child, who spoils our furniture.	1
Not being able to help my friend to do homework.	6
Almost had a bicycle accident.	2
My roommate messing up our room.	1
My mother accused me of not visiting her enough when she was in  hospital for an eye operation.	6
I could not do the questions on my math midterm.	2
I got a fairly large amount of my taxes back.	3
A father helping his kid to fight other kids.	0
It was extremely sad to me when I heard that a patient who I was  taking care of in hospital had passed away. He had some abdominal  pains.	4
I saw a movie called "The Thing", the film directed by John  Carpenter.  The monster in the film made me feel disgusted.	1
Somebody was blaming me of a story which was not real and not  true.	0
When I was accepted as supervisor for a student teacher.  The  notification came by post.	3
One time I set up my journey at night going to a certain bar. On  the way I met my friends and they told me that two people had  died because of heavy fighting. I proceeded on but with fear.	2
The sense of guilt came over me too, when I interrupted my  studies. Why ? Because I felt guilty before my parents ! They  believed in me though this event did not make them disbelieve me.	6
No very strong such emotion. Treatment of my sister by her  dancing instructor - he is a "user", i.e., takes advantage of her  good nature.	1
The same as in SHAME.	1
This issue worried me rather than saddening me.  In mid September  I went to Guanggho alone.  I was looking for an accomodation in  the evening and after having walked 2 or 3 miles I still could not  find anything.  What could I do?  I was not worried about  sleeping on the streets but because of some procedural problems.   I finally found a place to sleep at 8 o'clock.	4
I was driving a friend's car, and I got close to the pavement to  ask my way and I struck a parked car.	6
At about nine p.m., I went home by bike on a dark cycle-track;  because of lack of time I had to take the short-cut.	2
When I tried to breake it up with my boyfriend, and he refused to  let me go.	0
When my grandfather was in a nursing home when I was young I never  wanted to go and sometimes didn't have to and later I felt  guilty.	6
One rainy day when the streets were wet, and as I was walking down  a slope, I fell down out of my carelessness.  There were many  people and they saw me, so I felt ashamesd.  Moreover I hurt my  ankle and it was painful.	5
When my dad caught me with a honey (girlfriend) in my bedroom.	5
I felt guilt to have come back from home without seeing my father.  When I went home he was at work.	6
When I was presumed to have stolen maize from the school garden.	1
In autumn I had to move to another lodging. My landlords, quite  intelligent people, warned me I had to move in the nearest  future. But I had difficulties in moving my luggage because I  couldn't wait for a car to come. How amazed I was to hear them  threatening me they would throw our my things. And at that my  luggage was well packed and did not stand in their way. I was  quite  disappointed and disgusted.	1
My last genetices midterm - a decent grade.	3
I wanted to see a friend, I had been looking forward to it and  had certain expectations, but he did not pay any attention to me,  played cards with other people.	0
When our school was raided by the pupils of the boys secondary  school who beat us up.	2
The repression of rioting and non-rioting "Blacks" in South  Africa by the police of that "Democracy".	1
When my relatives and I were in a car going slowly on a frozen  road.	2
I felt guilty one day when I stole a slice of bread in a  cafeteria.	6
When someone whom I considered my friend, without telling me he  was annoyed, proceeded to ignore me for several meets with no  apparent reason.	1
I was very disgusted the first day I went to put a dead body in  the Mortuary. There were many dead bodies and some were uncovered  so we had to put on top of the other bodies.	1
When I was mistreated by my step-mother.	0
In a certain book I read about cruelties and violence in prison  and souteneur circles; I felt especially disgusted when I read  detailed descriptions of physical and mental torture of less  powerful people.	1
My girlfriend lost her temper without any reason and she did not  consider or respect my feelings.	1
Finding out that I have misunderstood other people.	6
Not doing well in an examn.	4
When I could not reason my friend, it angered me.	0
I was walking in the wood at night with my boyfriend. Very  romantic. Suddenly I heard a car driving very slowly with the  lights out, it looked as if they were looking for something.	2
Ever since I have been a child, the sight of any kind of wound.	1
I insulted two of my friends because I thought that had been  gossiping about me right under my nose, however I later found out  that they were not doing so.	5
When I entered the dissecting room for the anatomy class and saw  several dead bodies lying on the benches.	2
Dead rat in the kitchen of the university.	1
When my father had a cerebral hemorrhage.	4
When I vomitted a lump of blood.	1
When my sister's boyfriend accused her of having been sleeping around.	1
Not being able to help my friend.	6
A few months a close relative of mine died.  I had never expected  this to happen and was sad for a few months.	4
A boy phoned me at night and wanted to talk to me for 30 minutes  outside.  I thought that he would reveal what he felt and would  question me on our relationship.  I treated him as a friend and  did not want any misunderstandings.  Therefore I refused to meet  him and told him that I would see him the coming day.  I was very  unhappy as I feared having hurt him and got him into trouble.	2
When I was young, about 6 or 7, I did not make it to the toilet  on time.  I hid the dirty trousers in the cellar as I feared it being discovered by my parents.	5
I am going steady with a boy, but I had sexual intercourse with  another one, and I felt guilty about it afterwards.	6
When I finished the work that I had planned to do - my homework.	3
When I was travelling by tram, I tripped and fell against the  door.  I thought that I was going to fall out.	2
Finding out about people can go mad for social reasons.	2
When my mother died in August 1978.	4
My old boyfriend - yes the same one - asked me out. We had a good  time. Then he asked me out the following week. He actually took  interest.	3
I once drank too much alcohol and became very ill. This was in the  presence of my friends.	6
When I saw a T.V programme on animals in the film world  (mistreated and used).	1
I spoke with a friend on the phone who I haven't seen in many  years. It was a joyful event to talk to him.	3
I got a very good grade on one of my midterms a few weeks ago.	3
Our teacher had invited us to lunch and once at the canteen we  started introducing ourselves.  Two of the boys showed a lot of  interest in knowing personal details and then they started  talking about some activities held in the college.  I had little  interest in those activities so I talked to another student  sitting next to me as I was afraid that they would ask me  questions on those activities.	5
I was playing with friends then I decided to splash some sand  into a car which was moving nearby. The driver got angry and came  to report to my parents.	2
Once I saw some children hunting a cat to death.	0
When I am at home alone.	4
When I had to sleep in a bed at a hostel, which was full of dirt.	1
When I realized that it was impossible for me to be as free as I  had imagined and that I could not do anythong about it.	4
The surname of my brother was different from ours.  He often  grinned at home and provoked others for the pleasure of it.  This  made me angry.	0
When I did not give back a text book to a friend in time.	6
My parents put pressure on me to buy clothes, when I would not  have liked to do so.	0
I was entrusted with an object and while using it I handled it  carelessly and it broke.	6
After joining my M.A in Social Sciences, I appeared for the first  semester exam.  I failed one of the exams, and when I looked at  my results I felt disgusted and then I got angry.	1
When an acquaintance of mine told me about the way his parents  treated their sons in an unequal manner.  The most successful of  them got continuous encouragement, and the youngest was not  encouraged and was rejected.	1
I had to leave Den Helder and all friends and acquaintences,  after having spend two weeks there with my friends.	4
When someone I know was caught in an "adultery" situation.	5
Not getting an airplane ticket fot my mother.	6
Dog dirt which thaws in the spring.	1
It was when my Instructor awoke me late at night to get prepared  for the training at Military college when he was coming back from  his personal social activities.	0
Going to a concert.	3
While walking in town I noticed how the police harrassed a man  who was under the influence of alcohol.  They terrified him with  the thought of arrest by driving close behind him on a pedestrian  street.  My disgust was directed at the gestures and the facial  expressions of the policemen; they seemed to be enjoying  themselves.	1
One day my colleague misbehaved with me.  I felt disgusted and  thought to myself that he could only do this because I was a  woman.	1
My grandmother died.	4
When I found my baby whipped by my Auntie. I was really sad and  up to this moment my sadness is still on.	4
Having a good trip on a boat with good friends.	3
One evening, when I had gone fishing with my friends, we heard  the roar of a lion near by and had to run for our lives.	2
My sister borrowed some LP records for a party. She had left them  in the car on curatao. Due to the heat they were crooked, so I  couldn't play them again.	0
In a dark street at 4 o'clock in the night and there was  complete silence.	2
Once I woke up in the middle of the night and felt frightened as  everyone else was sleeping and I could not even go to their  room.	2
At the moment when I heard the result of an examination and it  proved that I succeeded the second year of my study.	3
Someone told me he was chosen for the English lectures because he  was a good friend of the class leader.	1
I fell on the ground while crossing the street.  My cap covered  my eyes and I felt quite "difficult".	5
I was talking to my mom on the phone and she told me that she had  just gotten an award that day in front of all these people and  she asked me if I wanted her to send me the article in the temple  newsletter to me. I said no very quickly and felt guilty for not  being more interested and hurting her feelings.	6
The death of a close friend.	4
I was watching T.V with my parents and some pornographic scenes  came on, I felt uncomfortable and tried to distract my parents  attention by talking to them.	5
A film on zombies.	2
The serving lady in the students' dining hall shouting at  studennts.	1
My parents inherited an appartment and this made them behave in a  peculiar manner.	1
On the T.V I saw a news feature on South Africa.  A policeman       attacked a group of black people with a whip.	0
I felt disgusted when I went to one of the Central hospitals  where my hope of getting good treatment was turned down by one of  the doctors who said I was alright despite my feeling pain.	1
My nephew is a deaf and also "hyperactive" boy. I had been  responsible for looking after him for a full day, and was very  tired. Then he suddenly grabbed a knife and stabbed me in the  leg. I got so angry that I didn't feel any pain.	0
I stayed at home for a period because I felt depressive and I  neglected my study when people adked me, I told them that I had  freeterm and studied hard. I felt ashamed for my behavior and  lies.	5
I felt joy when I heard that I was accepted for the Free  University in Driebergen.	3
When a close friend drowned in the American River.	4
One of my best friends was hurt by a girl he loves.	4
Watching the Asian Olympic game (China winning).	3
I was dancing Malipenga (traditional dance). I exaggerated the  steps I was supposed to make in the negative way. This happened in  front of spectators. It was bad for our Boma (group) because I  was on the front line where ability is displayed and it is this  ability that counts when choosing the winning side.	1
I went shopping with my parents - my father payed everything for  me, I was very glad.	3
I am troubled by hair growing in my neck. I was troubled by this  for a long time and was much ashamed when someone brought his/her  hands close to my face.	5
This happened when I could not get into the school I had  initially wanted, and ended up doing something I had never  thought I would do.	1
When last year in college I received the award "Best Student of the Year",    I felt very happy as I got what I had wanted and my wish had  been fulfilled. 	3
My girlfriend wrote to me telling me that she was four months  pregnant and that I was responsible for the "damages".  This made  me happy as I longed to have a child to call mine.	3
Failure to complete medical course as a result of failing fourth  year twice.	6
When one of my best friends commited siucide during these  holidays.	4
Achieving my goal at a swim meet. I worked toward the goal for 9  yrs. I was capable of achieving it, but I didn't know when.	3
I watched a football match with my old friend.  The performance  of the team was very good and the team members were full of  spirit.  The match was excellent and every time a goal was scored  I felt excited.	3
It was when I injured a friend accidentally with a stone. It made  a cut on the cheeks which resulted in suturing.	6
When I was 4-5 years old my mother gave me some parts of a  chocolate bar and ordered me to bring it to my father working  outside. On my way I could not resist the temptation and ate it  myself.	6
I felt very sad when I lost my three Kwacha at civo Stadium when  Sam Mangwana was playing some Rumba records. That was not what I  expected, I wanted some Disco records.	4
NO RESPONSE	5
When someone tried to rape one of my best friends and he claimed  it was her fault. He the hassled her, claimed she was loose, and  threatened to sue her.	0
When once my mother asked me to do some work for her at home  because she was busy and moreover this work was to be done by a  man. But it remained undone.	6
When I was coming back home alone at night.	2
My cat was sick and I had to take him to the vet to be put down -  no one else there to do it.	4
When I was in the sauna bath.	3
Finding out from this lecture that China is backward in  psychology.	5
When my grandfather died.	4
I felt joy when I heard my name being called on the radio as one  of the students who had passed the interview of Nursing and was  selected to start Nursing.	3
I had gone to the hospital for my research and got late in  reaching home.  I feared that when I reached home there would be  a quarrel because of my being late.	2
My girlfriend gave me some feed-back and I understood that it  meant that our relationship was about to turn even closer.	3
A friend of mine ridiculed me, telling me that I would never  accomplish anything. I felt that he had interfered with my life.	0
Bisshop Ter Schure intoduced himself on TV to the Dutch Nation.  He spoke as if he was God himself, and didn't discuss the way he  had achieved this position.	1
I remember when I was in Standard 6, I failed one of the terminal  tests and I told my parents that I had passed but after they  found out from the class teacher that I had failed, I was proved  a liar.	5
A mother who shouts at her child for nothing.	1
Telling my parents that I did not well in an examn.	2
I had a very heavy work load and two colleagues, whom I have  nothing against, disturbed me by "terror ringing", i.e  continously interrupting me by telephoning.	0
I was very sad  when I got the XIIth standard results, when I got  low marks as compared to my friend and I could not get admission  to courses like medicine.	4
A few months back I had gone to my friend's place and they offered  me tea and coffee.  I do not have the habit of drinking tea or  coffee and so they offered me a glass of milk instead, so I felt ashamed.	5
When, as an adult I have been caught lying or behaving badly.	5
Quarreling with my father, when he made false assertions.	1
I was ashamed at myself when I saw that the other boys and girls    of my age earn a lot of money by doing very good and hard work. 	5
I once stole my father's money and denied having done it. Instead  father threatened my young brother and he was beaten. He was  innocent and I felt guilty.	6
I felt disgusted on seeing my boyfriend after our separation.   One day he was begging at the mass transit railway station and at  that moment I hated him.	1
When I was accused by my brother of having stolen a 5 kwatcha  note from my mother's bag.  I was beaten up for this, the money  was found later.	0
I felt sad when I heard that my girlfriend was double-crossing me  with the boy who is my best friend.	4
When I saw a lady putting on a pair of trousers, I felt it was a  disguise according to Malawi culture.	1
After I saw my family and good friends back after staying one  year in a foreign country. 	3
Last academic year I received bad news - my grand-uncle had  passed away.  I felt lonely and bad because apart from the          biological ties, he was a good old friend of mine at home.	4
My mother misunderstood me and prevented me from doing something.   In return I did not talk to her for a few days, only later on I  realized that what she had done had been for my good.	6
When my dress was stolen.	0
After a long time (of no communication with him, physical  illness and worry) my lover came to see me, when I least expected  to see him.	3
When I watched the T.V programme called "The living planet" and  saw the far reaching environmental destruction caused by man.	4
When I talked to another student about the notes she got last  semester, not knowing that she got a lot of bad grades.	6
When I had crossed Lilongwe forest I heard that there was a rabid  hyena just near the path in the forest.	2
When my dad told me about something he had done against my  mother.	0
When my parents behave very "witty" towards me, they make insipid  jokes about which they laugh. Or my mother who treats me like a  little child.	1
We were driving at night and I realized that a car was following  us.	2
In the morning just before going to the dentist.	2
Doesn't apply.	5
A certain boy came into my room and started telling me that I was  not pretty, that I had no manners and that I should learn some.   I had just come to campus and he was in fourth year.	0
When my father passed away in 1978.  I was left alone with my  mother who was very sick so I had to go and live with my aunt, who  is very short tempered, till my mother was discharged from the  hospital.	4
A friend of mine had promised to arrange me some tickets for a  concert which I considered important.  He could not get them the  way he thought he would, so he gave up the whole thing.	0
When I impregnated a certain girl, I thought that I would be  forced to marry her or go to court.	2
Walking on a dark street with noone around.	2
I was unfaithful to my partner once when he was working abroad  for a long period.	6
My third grade teacher caught me cheating on a spelling test. I  couldn't spell Australia and she said in a loud voice something  like "We don't have cheaters in my class".	5
With my mouth full of bun, I drank directly from a packet of milk  which turned out to be weeks old (completely separated).  It took  a while for the milk to seep through the bun.	1
A few lies that I had indulged in, a few years ago, while raising  loans from my friends.	6
Stealing from my mother's purse when I was a little boy.	5
When in grade 3, late home from school every day for weeks  because of harassment from a grade 7 boy I lied to mother about  why I was home late.	6
I had a dream : I had a very close friend who had several stone  houses in the New Territories (villages) but they did not have  much furniture.  He took me to see his fields (I had never seen  them before) and there were several inches of clear water on  which the sunshine was reflected.  I wanted to sit among the  short green plants in the fields but was afraid of treading the  plants to death.  My friend said "They will not die" and I sat  down happily and my trousers did not get wet.	3
I was very happy when I passed and went to form I.  It was a  great relief for me as I had been very worried considering the  large number of pupils who fail.	3
Seeing for the first time pictures about the so called  "treatment" of Jewish people in Nazi-Germany during World War II.	0
A too eager approach by a dirty drunken person in a bus.	1
My first real experience with a boy. We were alone. I was quite  young and pretty naive and he was pretty crude and real, sort of,  macho. It was dark, at night during the summer and we were  talking.	5
I had promised to visit my girlfriend but for different reasons  could not make it.  I rang up later to tell her that I could not  come.	6
A gang of screaming and drunk youths "captured" a tram.	2
Not finishing homework in time.	6
I spent a lovely relaxing evening with my boyfriend. We played  games and talked all evening.	3
A meeting and a conversation with a woman (somewhat elder than  me) who considers me as her child (she also has one child of her  own). Last two years I lived with her (no relationship).	3
In 1977 when my friend was caught by a crocodile.  We were  swimming in a river on whose banks our primary school was  situated.  When my friend was caught, he was on the banks of the  river and some of us were still in the middle of the river.  I  was very frightened.	2
The house was on fire, and I was saved by the dog. I am afraid of  the fire, verging on panic.	2
I was all of the sudden sad when I heard that my cousin who  usually paid school fees had passed away after a very short  illness.	4
I felt disgusted at the environment while getting back to my  student lodging. I did not see anything in the suburb which had  been planned by taking people's comfort into account.	1
When a girlfriend left me.	4
I was together with my family one night, a few days after my  father had died, during that conversation I expressed my  displeasure because nobody understands me.	4
I was sleeping nicely until in the middle of the night when I became  awake because a friend called me for some (in my opinion)  nonsens reason.	0
Watching TV about china is behind in winning gold medals.	5
I mangled the side of my dad's van on a fence. I did not realize  the extent of the damage until he showed it to me the next day.  The shock on my face was genuine so a friend interceded with a  good excuse which I did not deny. I never clarified the  situation.	6
Criticizing my mother when she refused to drive with the radio on.  I told her that I thought she wasn't intelligent enough to cope  with the radio.	6
Falling in love.	3
I was waiting behind a car which was going to leave the parking  place, because I wanted to park my car there. Because of uncoming  traffic I had to wait for a short time - another driver placed  his car on the place.	0
My relationship with a boyfriend was finished and I didn't  succeed a years-course.	4
The time I drove my uncle's car, without having asked for his  permission.  It was the first time that I was driving a car.	2
It was the time when I was in no position to secure a Ist class  in the M.Sc exam and this was likely to affect my career.	2
At church camp when I accepted Christ into my life and so did my  friend.	3
People hunting animals.	0
I was in love with a girl but had to separate from her because of  different commitments concerning life and career.  I loved her as  a person but could not agree with the life the future would  demand.  Parting from her was very sad.	4
I was very fat and felt absolutely unwell. I was afraid of  leaving the house and getting to know new people.	5
I know that a certain person feels very lonely, and that she  always looks forward to seeing me. However, often I am too  busy to visit her, then I feel guilty.	6
My elder sister forced me to do a few things which I did not like  to do.	1
Insulted by a woman in public.	5
The time I learnt that I had passed my Malawi School leaving  Certificate Examinations.	3
After studying a lot for my H.S.C exams, I could not make it to  the medical stream and I felt sad about this.	4
Being alone at night.	2
When I blurted out an answer in class without having been asked  to do so.  The teacher told me that it was bad manners to do so.	5
At school I was bad in mathematics. Although my teacher had  admonished me to do my homework, one day I had forgotten to do  it. When my teacher noticed it, I blushed and was ashamed to be  rebuked in front of the other pupils. 	5
One evening I saw the old guard-man I knew, change into something  inhuman for about 5-10 seconds, this really frightened me.	2
When my mother interfered in my life.	0
My girlfriend sent me a letter with a shiny picture in it.	3
Long illness.	4
When I was 8 years old, I would usually come home from school  with my mother in a car.  For the first time I had to take the  school bus, and I mistook the bus stop and found myself two  kilometres away from where I lived.  I was very scared, wondering  how I would get back home.	2
Given duty by the leaders which I do not like to do.	1
When I was emotionally unstable I said things which may have hurt  others or made them feel unhappy.  When I calmed down I realized  that I had been selfish and had not taken into consideration the  feelings of others.  Then I felt ashamed as someone pointed out my  behaviour to me.	5
One time I was injured when I was playing football at School in  Blantyre. I was brought to the hospital while my leg was totally  swollen. The x-rays confirmed there was no fracture but  collection of blood n the muscles. I feared when they started to  incise the swollen part with surgical blade.	2
I was supposed to meet my girlfriend at a pre-arranged place but  it took me an hour to find her.	0
The man I am going around with gave me a very special present.	3
I cheated my boyfriend.	6
My best friend betrayed me and told other people my secrets.	0
I had been forced to get together with strange and disgusting  classmates.  The things they talked about disgusted me and made  me feel ill at ease.  I knew that I would feel unhappy if I  stayed there but I was defeated by the social norms.	1
On a boat trip to Denmark, 14 of us had a lot of fun and we  spent SEK 10 each on one armed bandits and against all odds we  won the jackpot of SEK 1000.	3
I had been drinking with a pal and I later (1 o' clock) had a date   with my fiancee.  We were going to a Spanish lesson and I was  afraid that she would smell that I had been drinking.	2
After completing high-school, I wanted to go abroad for a  holiday.  I had never been abroad before and neither had I taken  a holiday for a long time.  When finally my parents agreed and we  got the airplane tickets I was over joyed.	3
When one of my friends started misbehaving.	1
Being mistreated by other people.	0
When my husband suddenly came to see me at my new job and  brought some flowers and cake with him.	3
When having a relationship, I made love with another girl.	6
When I missed crashing, by a hair's breadth, into a man who came  out 20 metres ahead of me when I was driving at 110km/h.	2
When I almost did something awful with a friend of mine and  myself.	5
This morning I spent a lot of time on my toilet and missed the  train to the university.  My mother told me that I spent more  time than a woman on my toilet.  I felt a mixed emotion of shame  and anger.	5
Heard someone boasting his fortune telling and I knew he was  lying.	1
I was admited to the Chinese university of Hong Kong.  The day  the results were announced I looked in the newspaper and saw my  candidature number.	3
When I was accused of having refused to do some hostel work while  I was at school.  Actually I had not been allocated any work.	0
Misunderstood deliberately by a close friend.	0
I was sad when my MCE grades were out. I had gone for a football  match a mile away from home. The mail found me there. I was  disappointed and didn't play the other half of the match.	4
One of my friends went and told another friend of mine that I was  going abut with another guy in Lilongwe besides the one I had.  She said I was seen with him hand in hand.	0
When I made the same mistake that I had accused someone else of, and  this was obvious to a third pereson.	5
I was with a girl one night and then did not call her again,  although she had asked me to do so.	6
I got angry at a friend of mine whom I caught reading my notebook  (almanach).	0
A friend which I hadn't seen for years, sent me a small present.	3
When I went to my boyfriend's house for lunch and saw his  parents, I felt that they were watching me all the time.	5
When I was an evening school teacher it was my job to make the  coffee but I was not able to get the coffee ready on time and I  thus arrived half an hour late to the class.  On top of this the  coffee was undrinkable.	5
After a courtship of three months I made an end to it. The boy  was very sad about this.	6
When someone took my writing materials yet I was to write  Examinations in a few minutes.	0
Once, before I had learnt to swim, I stepped on a slippery slope  where there was a lot of moss and I slipped into the water.  The  water was very deep and I could not stand on my feet.  I sank  and had to use a lot of energy.	2
I was in a camp and went out for a walk at night on my own.  I lost   my way and spent several hours looking for the camp.	2
I felt shame when I found that I was almost last in the exam.	5
Once I quarrelled with my sister and after this I deliberately  messed up her belongings.	6
After my little sister's Graduation from High School my  grandmother became very sick. She passed away a few months later.	4
I have been thinking of changing my major for a few months.  My  original major was Chinese language and it blocks my way.  I have  to face many problems at the sametime and I do not know what is  real and virtuous.  I do not know if I am not interested in  Chinese or if there are other factors which make me sad.  I am  not very clear on what I can do for the study of Communication  and Journalism.  I am not clear about what I can do.  What are  the limitations ?   I hesitate but I feel more adjusted now.	4
Family discord and uneasiness due to something I did not  communicate on time.	6
Several weeks ago, I had problems with friends, I felt disgusted  by a friend.	1
When I came to know that my feelings for someone were not  reciprocated.	4
My roommate being nice to a party leader in order to get into the  party.	1
When I learned that my dad had cancer. I knew he was going to the  hospital for some tests. My mom told me when she picked me up one  weekend from CAL to take me home.	4
Thinking about death when walking alone at night.	2
I had found out that I was pregnant. I talked it over with my  boyfriend and he was unsupportive - yet encouraged an abortion -  I did.	6
I once torn the inner tube of a bike, that was not mine. Then I  saw it was a brand new one. I felt very guilty then.	6
I arrived an hour late for an important meeting ( I had  misunderstood the time).	6
My sister and brother in law returned from Sri Lanka where they  adopted a child. I went to pick them up at the airport.	3
When I was travelling to school by bus, I went past a place  where a sewer had been repaired.  There was a bad strong smell  which suffocated me and I wanted to leave the place immediately.	1
When I heard that a close relative of mine had given birth at a  very young age, in a very remote area and had had very few problems.	3
Losing my girlfriend who made an end to our relationship. By this  I lost an important source of support, certainty and joyful  moments. I cried very intensly when that happened.	4
Railway station good-bye.	4
The fridge we had at home had a lock.  One day when I wanted  something, I unscrewed the door but unfortunately I was caught in  the act.	6
I had an argument with my boyfriend.  It was my fault but my  pride would not let me admit it.	6
When my grandfather whom I had met only once for 3 weeks, died  after several months. I was really sad because he was a lovely  person and I did not have the means for his company.	4
I did bad on a test I didn't study for.	5
When my first niece was born.	3
It was when I discovered that my boyfriend had another girl. I  discovered it through a letter he wrote to the girl when he was  away. When I asked him he accepted it.	0
It was last September when I felt very sad. It was when I heard  that I was not selected to study in the University of Malawi.	4
I got to know about the death of a close friend.	4
I spent a weekend in San Diego visiting my boyfriend Rob. We were  at the airport and my plane was just about so leave. After saying  goodbye, I boarded the plane. It was the hardest thing to do and  it was a sad trip home.	4
When I learned, after the ecography, that my mother was expecting a  baby girl.  That was what I wanted.	3
On the way home one Friday night in the heavy rain the car  acquaplanned.  I lost contact with the road surface for a few  seconds.	2
One of my friends kept criticizing me about everything I did. I  thought she was kidding, but later I found out that she was  serious.	0
When my father asked me if I was a communist, at the same time he  made it clear that I should no longer see myself as his daughter.	0
I heard part of a conversation in which one talked very low about  women.	1
I felt guilty when I was robbed of a friend's radio at Lilongwe  bus depot after promising that I would keep it safe.	6
When I was the first to arrive at the scene after an accident,  and found that a close school friend had been killed.	2
When I found out that I had passed the last two exams by a  margin of three marks.	3
A tailor ran away with my skirt.	0
When my brother was selected to the University of Malawi (the  Polythecnic). I was very excited and I rejoiced due to one of our  family members qualifying for University level at long last.	3
I had high-heeled shoes one time, but a certain girl who saw the  shoes told me that they were out of fashion and I looked as an  old man when I was in those shoes.	5
I received a letter from my grandmother. She has obviusly  suffered a lot from my grandfather's suffering health. She  mentioned things she had gotten him and he would never use.	4
I typed up a letter for this physician at work. She didn't care  for my style, even though she was not using correct English. I  told her it was her letter and we would do it her way.	0
Bad food in the students' dining hall.	0
When I gave birth to a healthy boy.	3
A friend of mine goes out with this guy. She sleeps with him but  is quite happy for him to play around - as well as herself.	1
Someone drove into my car and then denied that it had happened.	0
My teacher's death.	4
I arrived in Vienna in the middle of the night. I asked for some  silly information - as I realized myself afterwards - and the inquiry   clerk reacted in a very arrogant manner.	0
This sounds really predictable and usual but it was absolutely  heart-rending at the time. My first lover (I was 15) just rang up  one day and announced that he had found another woman. I never  saw him again and it hurt because I was positive that it was  "TRUE LOVE" !!	4
When I fell crazily in love with a beautiful girl and she returned  my love.	3
When talking with my sister, she often ventilates prejudices,  which my father also adheres.	0
As a child when I was blamed for peeing in the swimming-pool.	5
Not collecting homeworks in time to give the teacher.	5
I felt glad when I took the rather difficult organic chemistry  examination.	3
When Christmas holiday started, I felt very joyful when I  finished my last exam.	3
One day I was with my girlfriend and other friends were behind  us, I fell down because the place was slippery and I really felt  ashamed.	5
Social situation - at the pub - a close friend of 2 years told  the group around us of advances I had made.	4
A father of 4 children killed in an accident.	4
When I failed the grade 7.	5
I had a quarrel with near persons. I said many ill-considered  things and I regretted it when it was to late.	6
Walking along the beach with a friend (another girl), talking,  picking up shells, laughing, chasing seagulls.	3
When I was in my village one of my enemies had written a  non-sense letter to a girl and he told the father of this girl  that I was the culprit.  When I got to know this I was scared as   the girl's father was a worse man.	2
It was about a fortnight ago, I was declared successful in the  U.G.C exam this year (only four in Bombay succeeded).  My joy  knew no bounds.	3
The day I got a telegram telling me that I had been selected for  a B.A at UNZA.  I felt happy because I had not expected to be  selected.	3
I was disgusted to see a person vomitting and I was told to clean  the place where the vomit was.	1
Saw a man dressed as a woman.	1
When I received a letter from a woman I thought had not ever  cared for me.  This was when I needed her and I was overjoyed to  learn that it was me who was delaying things.	3
My sister said I am not a stable person, and I think she is  right.	5
I once was accused of falling in love with someone's girlfriend  which was not true because the girl was just a friend of mine.	0
This is difficult, since I don't remember feeling disgust towards  anyone.	1
When my partner was attacked and lost three teeth.	0
I happened to see two boys fighting, one of them fell down and  hurt his head.  The other one used this to spank the head of the   boy on the ground.	1
I made a comment and it was interpreted completely differently  from what I had meant.  When I said it I realized how my mother  had understood it.	5
We always made a lot of noise during a certain lecture.  This may  have been because we did not respect the lecturer. Finaly, the  lecturer could not tolerate it and he scolded us angrily and  pointed out our misbehaviour.	6
One year, when I went to a camp, I was chased by a dog.  I tried  hard and finally managed to escape from it.  My torch suddenly  went off and we talked about ghost stories and I thought that  there were ghosts.	2
When I had gone for a boxing tournament which ended at 2 o'clock  in the morning.  I was alone on my way back, and I could hear the  barking of the dogs, the nocturnal animals and the sound of my      own footsteps.  There had been a rumour  circulating that there  were ghosts in that area.	2
Since I moved into the dorms and I've been spending most of my  free time with my boyfriend. I hardly see my old high school  friends. I had several bad incidents with my 2 past best friends.	4
When my mother had a nervous illness.	2
Got a package from my parents, without even a small note  enclosed.	4
Someone told me a story of Amnesty International: a boy was  killed and his head was put in the litter of his girlfriend. It  looked as if she was pregnant, then she died. It is disgusting, I  can hardly write it down.	1
A certain friend tried to push me off a seat in a very violent  way for no apparent reason.  It may be that he was excited about  something.	0
When I heard the news of the death of my father.  It was in the  evening and I was alone all night in my room trying to remember  the face of my father.	4
My guilty behaviour was found out by others.	5
When I was caught sneaking back into the house at night after  having  gone to a disco without permission.	6
When I got a message that I was employed as a nurse at a  kindergarten.	3
During a meeting.	5
I felt very sad when I heard that a friend had committed suicide.	4
I borrowed a piece of music of someone and I always forgot to  give it back. That person wrote me a letter asking me to give it  back. I did so and I told him an idle story why I kept it for so  long.	6
Eating the last remains of dinner that someone else (unknown to  me) had claimed.	6
When parents of a certain girl refused to let me marry their  daughter because I was not fit to do so yet the girl accepted  everything and later she followed what her parents insisted and  she told me never to talk to her again.	5
When a close friend, residing in the hostel, lost his father I  really pittied him and the situation made me feel sad.	4
A sunny Autumn day, after a long rainy period.	3
When I did not go to work because I had to study for a midterm.	6
When I told a person something that had happened to my friend,  and this person went and told my friend.	6
My sister was in a hospital, later in the evening we received the  information that she had died.	4
I "snapped" very abruptly at my mother when she said something  silly and stupid, (in front of other people) she looked so  defenceless & hurt & told them that I'm always doing that.	6
When someone I had had a relationship (purely sexual) with came  up to me after I had used her and acted as if nothing had  changed.	1
I was a prefect at secondary school.  On the sports day I told  others that I would take down the names of the people who  misbehaved and after some time I sat down for a brief rest.   Suddenly the head prefect came and scolded me in front of others.   I was very angry as there were other prefects sitting and he  picked on me.  I thought that a brief rest was not  serious  enough to be blamed.	0
When I was unable to respond to a welcome in my indigenous  language of Maori at an important function where I was the only  woman in the group and it was expected of me.	5
When a close relative is treated badly.	0
When my grandmother died.	4
Thought had discovered true love.	3
When I reproached my friend because I was myself low-spirited and  disappointed.	6
Waiting for my marks in a difficult subject.	2
When I saw an accident, a woman was run over and she died on the  spot.	2
When a car is overtaking another and I am forced to drive off the  road.	0
My mother kicked my surrogate father out and he in turn did not  care for the dog, Afthur, he bought for the family. His lack of  concern lead tho Arthur's death on the freeway. I loved Arthur  like a brother. He was easy to talk to.	4
I beat up a female friend after I heard the defamatory stories that  she had been telling.  I was later called to explain my  behaviour.	6
When I saw a big man hit another one, and nobody did anything.	0
When I found out the CIA was mining Nicaraguan harbors.	1
When I am dirty because I have not had a shower for a few days.	1
When I was on holiday someone vomited in front of me.	1
When one of my lovers told me that I was a flirt.	6
One of my first boyfriends got mad at me because a lot of my  close friends were guys and he didn't want me to see them anymore  because he was jealous.	0
I felt vvery happy when I was accepted at UNZA for my studies.   I had not expected this as I had been ill during the exams.	3
Once my father slapped my mother for a small quarrel.	0
I greeted and embraced the wrong person thinking that it was my  friend.	5
When my husband discovered I was having an affair with another  man.	6
A film were a woman was attacked and raped.  One did not see the  worst but it had the desired effect - very strong.	1
I was forced to leave an unforgettable friend.	4
A man sexually aggressed a small girl in the bus but the girl did  not dare to speak out.	1
My mother revealed personal details about me and the  negative aspects of my character to other people when I was  present but unable to defend myself.	5
Someone talking about me at my back.	0
When I committed the sin of immorality mentioned before.	6
Finding out that China is still backward in science.	4
Had fear of losing husband.	2
Students on campus were unnecessarily creating trouble just to  heckle the authorities - not to achieve something concrete, but  to further their own interest.	1
I felt guilty when I once went out with another boy and made love  with him while I had a close boyfriend.	6
One day my friend told me that she had heard that I was moving  about with her boyfriend. I was disgusted with the news.	1
My best friend was not chosen for the English lectures.	4
When I saw a man hitting a child of 2 years without any consideration,  simply because the child had been leaning against a window.	0
When my room-mate locked me out deliberately, before an exam due  at 1400 hours.	0
At work, when an elderly man complained unjustifiably about me and  distrusted me.	0
I was disgusted to find out that the water isn't filtered or  purified before it leaves Latimer Hall from the drains.	1
I received a letter from a distant friend.	3
I felt guilty when I was found to be the chief leader of making  noise in class.	6
When I was doing research a few months ago, I had asked the  Institute to sponsor me for a computer course which was held in  TISS.  However, because of the administrative officer I could not  get the money.	0
When I asked a friend to return the money that I had loaned her  and then remembered that she had repayed me in several ways.	5
When I was accepted into the medical school.  Medicine is a  profession that I have desired ever since my childhood.	3
At the railway station, while waiting for the last train at night  I noticed that a drunk young man was appraching me in a  purposeful mannner.	2
When I began dansing, the teacher came and told me that I was  very good and would soon get into the ballet academy. 	3
Walking alone in the dark in a strange street.	2
Heard some postgraduate students talking about girls being  unsiutable to do medicine.	1
During a football match, the other team was rude and they hurt my  team members and me.  The coach was prejudiced against us and  punished us unreasonably.  Later we fought with each other and  the match had to be cut short.	0
When a close friend met me at the station in the middle of the  night, when I came back from a long and tiring journey.	3
When I learned that a friend of mine had not been speaking to her  boyfriend for a week after an argument because of unfounded  jealousy.	4
When I go out with my friend with enough money and good sense to  our favorite dancing.	3
Last night I had a chat with a fellow student.  I had known her  for about half a year, and for the first time we were speaking  "the same language"- meaning an inspiring discussion and  encounter.	3
When I was reprimanded by the manager of the hotel where I  worked during Autumn 1984.	2
Once I had an argument with my friends and I knew that I was  right.  My friends went on arguing with me even though they did  not know the right thing.	0
The last time I had sex.	3
While drinking a soft drink, I had the impression of swallowing    a piece of glass so I went to the district hospital and got  admitted there.	2
When I saw my brother being attacked and I could not do anything.	0
The day I learnt that I had been admitted to the university.	3
Finding out that the class leader can go to your lectures, and  his English is worse than mine.	1
When I was in form 3, my aunts lied to my daddy telling him that  I had told them that I was pregnant.  My daddy  told my mother  and she asked me if it was true.  I was very angry with my aunts.	0
When once again I drank too much and felt very rotten the morning  after.	1
Someone attacked me with a knife.	2
When our religion teacher presented shocking sectarian thoughts  and doom's day as official teaching.	0
I feared that I would not be able to hand in the book-report on  time as I had started working very late.  The book was difficult  to read and my teacher did not accept my work as it was handed in  late.	2
When an unpleasant person tried to make friends with me.  A  subtle, small, insignificant, grey being whose helplessness and  neutrality evoked the feeling of disgust in me.	1
Staying in the room alone at night.	2
When my younger sister visited me during the school holidays and  told me that she would not go back to school because she was  pregnant.	1
Saw in the TV South Korea cheating in the Asian Olympic games.	0
When I went to the clinic for a medical check-up and saw the way  the lecturer was conducting the lecture and the kind of responses  he got from the patients.	1
When I was studying in the library - preparing for a test, two  people sitting next to me talked to each other for 20 minutes.   There were no other seats so I could not go elsewhere and I did    not want to interrupt them, so I could only be angry in my heart.	0
When I noticed the negative changes in a friend's behaviour. 	6
At primary school I was accused by some boys of being in love  with a certain girl in their class so they had to shout and beat  the girl and the matter was reported to the headmaster.	2
Waiting for my girlfriend to come from her apt. to mine. She was  very late and I thought something awful had happened.	2
I read about the national and social spirit and self-discipline  of the people of developed coutries like U.S.A, England, France,  Germany etc.  Comparing this to the Indian people I felt guilty  as they have no national spirit or self-discipline.	6
Somebody told her friend that she would hit me wherever we would  meet.	2
During labour when the foetal sounds became faint and there was a  big alert for a forceps delivery.	2
T.V features showing the violation of defenceless people.	1
I call my mother at least once a week. However last week I  completely forgot. This morning she called me, she thought I felt  ill.	6
I said nasty things which I did not mean to a friend.	6
I had a good relationship with two friends. Once without reason,  they clearly showed that they thought I was naive, dull and  unable to take care for myself, while I expostulated that I could  manage things.	4
When my B.A results had not come.	2
I reached the bus stop and realized that I had forgotten my bus  pass.	0
After an argument with a friend of mine.	6
The saddest I've ever been was when my lover was killed,  hitch-hiking to work.	4
Once in a public ladies room, I opened the door of a cubicle that  was taken, although it was not locked.	5
When I learnt that I had been admitted to the university.	3
One night I was called and told that the father of a close friend  died. When I visited my friend at home and when attending the  funeral I felt very sad.	4
My old teacher in primary school died.	4
In September 1984, I was forced to live with someone I did not  like.  The first week we were at loggerheads and our conversation  was like a debate.  The atmosphere was very bad.  When he learnt  that I had got 95 marks in a test he told me " A failure, You lost  5 marks."   I was very angry, not because my marks were lower  than his, but because I could not tolerate his pride.  I did not  show my discontentment and carried on doing my work.	0
When I had to come back from my village last Christmas.	4
I was walking with another person when a "gang" separted us and  pushed me in to a house, hit me in the stomach and the face, then  they left - leaving me bleeding.	2
When I was dancing with a dame at a social, one of my friends who   was interested in her came and took her away from me.  I was  really angry with him then.	0
During a football game, another player who was perspiring very  strongly ran into me.	1
When I lied to the physiology teacher.	6
I was driving along and saw this young guy urinating into the  gutter, in broad daylight.	1
When I broke off with my boyfriend after three years.  It was  quite unexpected for him and there was no particular reason for  the break up, such as someone else.	6
When a teacher tells a story which isn't true. It only reflects  his way of interpreting reality.	0
The sports fishermen who catch gulls instead of fish with their hooks.    It is often a mistake but it makes me angry.	0
When I was a child I played my mother a nasty trick to make her  feel hurt.	5
When my ex-husband left our house, and the children cried because  he was not coming back.	6
When my first sexual intercourse turned out to be a flop.  I was  in a panic and ended up without an erection.	5
Motorcycle accident with two people involved, running off the  road. Broke an arm, only.	2
My car had been towed away by the traffic police because it had  been wrongly parked.  However the sign had been put up only after  I had already parked.	0
When at times unconscienciously I speak to my mother in a high  tome but after that I am sorry and I feel guilty.	6
China not winning more gold medals in the Asian Olympics.	5
When I heard that my girlfriend was getting married to another  person, I felt very sad.  That day I did not eat anything and  kept thinking of her all day long.	4
When an event took place in another's life and which I thought I  could have avoided.	6
Being sexually assulted on a bus.	0
At a concert an old man arrived and began to danse, sing and do  silly things.	5
After the accident which I described in SHAME. I came to myself  and saw how terrible everything looked like. I disgusted myself  and everything I saw.	1
During my Highschool time I was chairman of the student's  comitee. In this function I once had to make a speech to a large  audience and I was very nervous. After three sentences I forgot  my text.	5
A teacher was very blunt in his relation to a child so that the  child was very upset when arriving at home.	1
I hadn't been at my parent's place for a long time. When I went to  visit them I had high expectations, but when I was there it was  very different from what I expected.	4
One camping night, I listened to the ghost stories told by my  classmates.  	2
When my father (physically handicapped) asks me to do something  and I raise several objections. Often I can fix it in few  moments.	6
I went to a fair where a guy who was drunk kept bothering me and  in the end I got really angry.	0
Very intoxicated men who incite each other to fight.   I met a  vile smelling man on the tram who got closer and closer to me  till I got up, then he got angry.	1
Receiving a nice present from my parents.	3
I was very happy when I discovered that I had passed my first  year examination and was among the thirty students who would  major in economics.	3
I was once raped (one year ago) by a man who was a lot older than  me and whom I just met. Maybe it wasn't rape but the man wanted  more than I wanted to give him since there were other people in  vicinity.	1
When a friend of mine had her period, while thinking she was  pregnant.	3
When my grandfather died.	4
When I was 10, I got busted for stealing a candy-bar.	5
I won the first prize at the science fair, the first of the kind  at school and I was only in form II then.  	3
I felt disgusted when I was in a restaurant which didn't appear  to be clean and orderly. (I do not like to be in unclean  environments).	1
After having slept for a short time I woke up - I had the feeling  of someone standing beside me and was very frightened. I had to  turn on the light turn on the light for several minutes before I  was able to get to sleep again.	2
When we decided, my boyfriend and I, that we would separate, I  realized that he would have wanted to continue our relationship  and the coming separation hurt him.	4
I get angry when people disbelieve me or misunderstand me.	0
When a friend told me that my education had nothing to do with  our discussion.  This friend has failed the 7th grade, what made  me angry was that I had not used my education to argue.	0
I was studying in class at night. I was in Form II by then. There  were rumours about an earthquake. That night dogs were chasing  one another and passed through the window outside the classroom.  Those who saw the dogs thought it was a lion and were terrified.  Trying to run away the desks were dragged and there was a shaking  movement. I thought it was an earthquake and jumped out of the  window.	2
My joy was the joy of meeting again.  My husband came home after  having been away for weeks (for work).  I was on the railway  station to meet him.	3
When my dog died.  I had reared it for nearly three years.  It  had been ill for several days and had not eaten anything.  One  morning I found it dead.	4
I feel unbelievably happy about the relationship between my  boyfriend and me, it is a reoccurring feeling.	3
When I failed one of the tests because I had not worked hard  enough.	5
I had a date with my girlfriend, the time and place had not been  fixed.  I asked her to phone me an hour later as it was midnight  and I did not want to disturb her family.  I waited several hours  for her call, she did not call me that night.	0
People not cueing in the dining hall.	0
A few weeks back I received a Christmas card from a friend in  England.  She had not written to me in a very long time but it      showed that she still remembered me.	3
When the cast general election resulted in Norway getting a  conservative government.	5
When I was forced to decline the invitation to my mother's 70th  birthday because of my work committments in another area.	6
When I failed an exam.	4
When my son omits to carry out certain duties at home that he  knows needs doing.	0
We lived with 3 persons in the loft of a house. It often occurred  that other persons again and again climbed the stairs with much  noise. When I was studying I couldn't concentrate and got angry.	0
When my neighbour's house was broken into and shots could be  heard.	2
Someone in my family (my brother I suspected) ate a bun which I  had made for myself. It was during a long telephone call after I  had just made it and put it in the oven warming drawer.	0
It was in a group situation: suddenly it was my turn to say something,   but I felt that I was not able to express myself very well - I felt  ashamed and blushed.	5
Discovering that Lillehammer provided no musical environment that  suits my taste, even though I had been told so.	4
I had not written to, or called my grandmother, who was lonely,  for a long time.  My mother asked me to call her on her behalf  and when I did so, my grandmother was delighted and she told me  that she had been waiting for some news from us.	6
In a situation with my girlfriend I took a decision.  Later when  I thought about it, I realized that it was an erroneous decision.	6
I bought a new bed for my apt. and it squeaks when you move on  it. I tried to fix it but could not.	0
After having watched a crime show on the TV, I was about to take  the dog for a walk. Then, suddenly, there was a man on the  porch... (We live some distance away from other people).	2
When my mother left for Kenya.	4
Saw on TV China winning the gold medals.	3
At work when I did not get the full co-operation of my colleagues  to complete an assignment.	1
My 3 children - each top his class in the final exams 1984.	3
When the results of the part I exams came out I felt tremendous  joy in my heart.  The results came out after a long period of  worry and anxiety, so it gave me endless relief and joy.	3
In my opinion guilt is a feeling which goes together with shame.  Here then I refer to the situation of guilt.	5
Saw some young people fighting for seats on a bus.	0
When I saw all the starving people in Ethiopia on T.V.  It felt  awful to see such suffering.	1
I made a remark to my sister concerning her attitude to men, the  way she talked and I compared her to an acquaintance of mine.   Later, the same evening, my sister looked sad.  I felt guilty  about her sadness.	6
Meeting best friend at the airport (boyfriend) who I had missed  terribly.	3
The disease and subsequent death of a close acquaintance. Sadness  was accompanied with feelings of powerlessness (I also  experienced sadness in the situation described under guilt).	4
When we complained about the uncleanliness of the work place, the  authorities agreed to have the place cleaned.  Even after 2-3  days nothing had been done.  I felt disgusted at the whole  situation.	1
I read a story in the newspaper about butchers treating their  animals very badly. They disgusted me.	1
Being away from a very close friend, I was away from Finland  for a year as an exchange student.	4
When I have to leave the baby in the carriage and go shopping, I  fear that something will happen to the baby.	2
Brother continually interupting while I was talking on the  telephone.	0
In Biarritz (the South of France) I met some English students  who, especially for me, went to Paris and gave me food, while I  didn't have any more money.	6
I was alone at home and I could hear odd noises coming from above  our bedroom.  I knew that nobody lived there since it was an  office.  I got frightened (later I was given a "natural"  explanation).	2
Watching a horror movie with friends.	2
The breaking up of a long lasting relationship.	4
I was walking through a thick forest and there was a big snake at  a distance of about four metres.	2
In a disco, there was a dirty little chap who punched my bottom.	1
When I was tired and unmotivated, I shouted at my girlfriend and  and brought up negative sides of her character which are actually  not so important.	5
Whenever I think of enrolling in Organic Chemistry.	2
I remember when I was a little boy I broke a Swiss dinner set  quite involuntarily.	6
I was talking to a friend of mine about our parents and  education.  I said something and then realized that I did not  know my friend's parents, their motives and education.  I felt  ashamed at having talked about something I did not know anything  about.	5
I stormed into the room, hoping to cool myself with some soft  music from my three band radio cassette.  There was only young  Kaley there and he explained, " Your aunt has sold it as she  wanted to buy clothes."	1
When I am in an auditorium with people and I ask a silly question  so that everyone starts to laugh.	5
A boyfriend with whom I split up with came over to a friend's  house where I was visiting with a male friend. In a confrontation  in another room he tried to find out if I was aroused by my  friend by feeling my parts.	1
After having been ill, when I was coming back to the hostel, I  felt very sad leaving home.	4
When I read the diary of the girl with whom I was living, it was  about another boy with whom she had been going around some time back.	4
That I didn't take the time to make an appointment with someone.	6
Ran into a parking car on a bicycle.	2
Some people not cueing in the dining hall.	1
When my middle child became very difficult to handle after the  birth of his baby brother and I did not have any patience with  him.	6
Forced to fill in a questionnaire.	6
When my little brother asked me to play with him, I told him that  I had no time and that I would play with him the next day.  However, the next day I said the same thing.	6
Discussing psychology with my friends before the lecture.	3
Getting a D in a class last semester and knowing it was because I  didn't study.	6
I can't give one description here. I often feel joyful when I  have done things good in relation to other people especially when  my friend says he loves me and I also tell him that I love him.	3
A friend of mine came to see me when he was quite drunk.	1
Many times, when my father used to come home drunk and maltreated  physically me and my mother.	1
Talking about a person's unattractiveness, not realizing that the  person was listening.	5
Not handing in homeworks in time.	6
I was travelling in a bus from school going home for holiday. In  the bus unfortunately I stepped on a bag in which there were  delicate things.	6
At one point in a relationship, my boyfriend was seeing an old  flame more than me. At our confrontation tears were shed.	4
I was living with my brother and one day he went away on business  and I was left alone to look after the house and the property. At  night thieves came and wanted to break into the house.	2
When an uncle of mine who is very ill started to cough wich  sounded very dirty. (He can't help it of course).	1
I had fixed a meeting with my classmates and I missed it as I was  tired.  Besides everyone at the meeting was a stranger to me and  I did not want to make friends with them.  Whatever the reasons - I   felt guilty.	6
When I am walking on the streets and see a gang of thugs.	2
I was in love with a very beautiful girl and when I went back for  my holidays I found her wth another guy who she said was just a  friend.  Later I found them together and was convinced that there  was something fishy.	0
Saw my class leader acting like a God when he chose people to go  to your English lectures.	1
While quarelling with a fellow worker of mine, I was vehement and  irritated and I told him what I thought of him in plain language.   I was ashamed of myself when I met him the next day.	5
I was annoyed this particular day as it seemad that the odds were  not in my favour.  My grandfather added fuel to the fire, when I   had an important appointment so I unleashed my anger on him.	0
When the grandmother of my friend died in a hospital. My friend  was crying and I was sad, too.	4
I was watching a sad film and it affected me deeply.	4
When the girl whom I have lusted after expressed reciprocal  feelings and then days later changed her mind.	4
I took my math midterm and got it back the following Wednesday in  class. It was a totally low grade.	5
I was ashamed when my classmates discovered that I fell in love  with an uneducated girl.	5
When I was told a friend's baby had been born with only partial  sight. This was her first child and she was not young (the mother  that is).	4
When I forgot about a meeting at work.	5
A friend of mine told me that my boyfriend had been with another  girl this Summer.  We had been going out together for four years  and we had not done so for the last three months.  I could not  believe it.	4
Someone I do not like kept talking to me.	1
Someone told me I was chosen for the English lectures because I  am good looking.	1
In the student's union there was someone who took the photocopies  of two large volumes.  I asked him to let me take a few, he refused  it for an acceptable reason. 	0
When I failed some tests my first year at CAL.	5
Last year I had a friend visiting me for several days. The only  thing he did was sleeping, drinking, taking pills and thinking  only about himself.	0
I wanted to go to Bhopal for relief work (gas tragedy).  My boss  simply refused to let me go, I was so angry that the only thought  that came to my mind was to quit the job.	0
When the church choir came one Sunday after being away for some  weeks.	3
When I moved away from home.	6
When I was 13 years old I wrote passionate love letters to my  boyfriend and I later found out that his sister had read them.	5
One day, I discussed a very important question with A.  A  suddenly declared that he would not accept my position and  thought that he himself was right.  Moreover, he attacked   strongly, not my opinion but me personally.	0
I had to call somebody between 12 and 12:30. As I had no  possibility to call him at this time, I did not do it until 3  p.m.	6
When I was 7-8 years old, I woke up one night and found myself  alone at home.  My mother had gone out to buy cigarattes from a  machine.	2
My bicycle was demolished.	0
As a kid my mother caught me stealing sugar and giving it to a  neighbour.	5
I read a book about the situation in South-Africa, about the  terrible violations of human rights. I was disgusted with the  white population.	1
When I shouted at my mother when she was nervous and depressed.	6
I met my best friend's husband with a prostitute.	1
I felt very ashamed at having got a book by force from a girl.	5
I was then in the 10th standard and was going to my native place.   The last bus had already left and so I started walking, it soon  became quite dark.  The road was a village road and was deserted,  I was not even sure if that was the right way.  I finally reached  home at 10 P.M.	2
When I found out that the guy I was dating at a particular time  had a steady relationship going on with someone else for a long  time.	0
On the scenic railway at the fairground.	2
Not doing well in an examn which was easy.	5
Friends who torture animals.	0
This situation keeps occurring - when my little sister disagrees  with me or vice-versa. We have very similar temperaments and I  always end up feeling angry at her and myself for fighting so  much over unimportant trivial matters.	0
I greeted a friend and he did not respond.	1
When I finished my C.S. Project I was overjoyed. I felt relieved  because it was due the next day and I was tired of looking at it.	3
At a lack of love of my father for my mum, sadness for him more  than anyone else because he does not realise how much love and  happiness there could be between them, and is, and how much he is  damaging himself apart from mum.	4
When I heard of the assassination of the Indian prime-minister,  Indira Gandhi.	1
A rainy day, I was cycling downhill and a car door suddenly  opened and while trying to avoid it the back wheels of my bike  got caught in the tram tracks.  I somersaulted but had no  injuries.	2
When a certain boy went about saying that I am his girlfriend. I  wrote him an insulting letter to him and called him names.	0
When I was at school.	4
When my father married a certain lady. The reception was held at  Kasungu town Hall.	3
A quarrel with my mother because I thought she said very  unreasonable things about me, that hit me strongly.	0
When I did not do well in the PG310 test I, I got only 4 marks  above the pass marks despite my effort.  I felt bad because quite  a number of friends did better.	5
When my mother told things to my sister, which I told my mother  in confindence.	0
When I knew I had to go out with my mother on some errands.	4
One day when I was sitting in a not very crowded bus, a middle   aged woman was standing beside me.  The person sitting next to me  got up to get off and this woman pushed me and occupied the seat.   Then she took off her shoes and put her feet on the seat.	1
General Ye Jianying died.	4
Begining the week-end with my girlfriend : cozyness, beer and  wine.	3
I remember that when I was in school I saw a case of partiality -  one of the teachers gave private coaching classes to some girls  and she would give these girls extra attention in class and would  ignore the others.	0
Guilt conscious struck me when I failed my Standard Two  Examinations in 1972. I knew that I would suffer the consequences  of what I had been doing during class hours: thus playing with  friends and sometimes not even going to school.	6
A "higher status" colleague of mine despised my attitude and  organization of work.	0
My boyfriend returned after a long absence.	3
When I made a mistake at work and when questioned about it  pretended I had nothing to do with the problem.	6
I broke my Uncle's Radio player accidentally and so I feared that  he was going to cut me off from going to his house as well as  playing it again.	2
My parents appreciate very much me and my boyfriend coming and  have dinner with them at Christmas. However we decided to visit  his parents. My mother was rather disappointed.	6
When my brother (5th in the family) passed away.	4
When my mother scolded me for something, very insignificant, without  knowing the real cause of what had happened. 	4
When I was young I was playing football near my parent's house  and while playing I fell on the ground. At first I thought I was  not seen by anybody, but when my mother laughed I felt very  ashamed.	5
Someone signed up for a workshift at the co-op where I live and  she did not want to work the switchboard. I became very angry.  She had mentioned earlier that she wanted and needed the  workshift to me so I did not sign up.	0
We were at a party, this guy I liked and me.  I really loved him  and gathered enough courage to ask him to kiss me.  He did not do  it but instead asked me what I would like for my birthday.  I  told him that I would like a kiss more than anything else but he  excused himself and said that it was impossible.  I really felt  embarassed.	5
When I was caught stealing mangoes in a certain compound.	6
When I finished a relation after four years, leading to much  sorrow for the other one and myself ("although it was the best  solution").	4
Arguing with a friend over politics. She was more informed on the  issues and made me feel very ashamed of my political ignorance.	5
My father had a heart attack when I was not at home (I was still  living with them).  He recovered relatively well although he had  to retire (which implied relief from the stress of a small scale  enterprise).	4
At school, I did not tell the teacher that it was me who  had laughed, and she punished the entire class by making them  stay behind for one hour.	6
While dancing in a restaurant last week.	3
I do not help out enough at home.	6
I was working in a job in which I could not work quickly enough,  and was told that my work was not up to standard.	5
While shopping, a person close to us created an uncomfortable  situation for those who were with her.	5
When my friend let my personal matters be publicaly known.	5
When I dated my friend's boyfriend after they had broken up.	5
I quarrelled with my younger sister because I had said something  against her boyfriend.  Consequently she looked through me when  she saw me as she thought that I was trying to separate them.   She had misunderstood me.	4
I dreamt of my father's death while I was at secondary school.  I  was screaming at the top of my voice and was woken up by my  friend.  That day I was really sad.	4
My cassmate laughed at me when I was being scolded by the  teacher.	0
Walking home at night after university - part of the way, there  are ano lights and I am walking down a thoroughfare with the  thouth of no one hearing me if I have to scream.	2
When I was at S.Y.Bajaj I wanted to get admission in another  college and this was not easy and I felt angry. 	0
When my boyfriend once again told me that he loved me after a  period in which he felt very depressive.	3
In the army, my result at the shooting exercises got  me a three day furlough.	3
When I made love with a girl, which I don't really love. However  I know that she loves me.	6
Felt I had not appreciated my parents enough. Regretted the  problems I'd caused.	5
When I heard about the advances an acquaintance of mine had made  to my friends, who did not approve of them.	1
When my roommate's boyfriend assaulted me. He was threatening me,  calling me names and pushing me around.	0
At one time while at primary school I lost a pencil case of a  friend and I didn't mention it to her until after a fortnight.	6
When I was in a bus on my way to the examination centre, a man     sitting opposite me kept looking at me continously.  I did not know   what was wrong.  When I reached the  centre I started strolling around   as I still had a little time.  Suddenly a man came and whispered "You   have forgotten to zip up your trousers."  I was at a loss to say anything   and I felt very embarrassed.  When I thought of the bus incident I felt   even more ashamed.	5
When I don't go to my parents on Sunday and phone them to tell  them that I have to study. The truth is that I listened to sports  on the radio.	6
A few days ago I saw two dandy girls of my age. I disliked their  clothes and their way of doing.	1
I did not like it when a little girl was crying for her dead  mother and was calling her by her name.  I was sad.	4
When I lost a wallet while travelling, since it belonged to the  group I was very afraid.	2
On boat trip - saw mother giving young child (aprox 6-7 years)  cigarettes.	1
When I was talking to HIM at a party for the first time in a long while and a friend came and interrupted us and HE left.	0
When I was twelve I was babysitting some children but I did not  act very responsibly and one of them was injured.	5
When I saw the list of books to read for an acccouting course, I  thought " Oh God how will I ever manaage it!"	4
When I was cycling to school, I nearly got knocked down by a car  which (overtook me too closely) did not give me any swerving space.	2
I was walking down a little village at night.  There was nobody  in the steet.  A dog began to bark, I felt that it was following  me.  Then I began to run, the other dogs started barking too.  At  last I arrived home.	2
I had spent the weekend visiting relatives and friends and didn't  study for Anatomy class on Monday.	6
During the exam period I studied in the library alone.  A close    friend of mine, who is also a classmate, told me that my  application for a Japanese inter-cultural exchange programme had  been accepted.  I was not very sure as I did not know that the  list had been declared.  I ran to the board and saw that I was  really included in the list.  I was so excited that I smiled all  day long.  When I met my classmates and friends I told them the  good news.  I was so happy that I could not concentrate on my  studies.  	3
When I was an exploration with my friends and almost got lost in  an unfamiliar environment.  It was getting dark and we did not  know how to get back home.	2
The loss of my mother.	4
My apartment has had three robberies in the last month. The guy  upstairs just got robbed making it the fourth.	2
When they phoned me from Great-Britain to tell me that I could go  there, if I wished, in Summer.	3
My mom called early in the morning (On a Monday) and I had just  seen her that weekend. I couldn't understand what could be so  important as to make her call at such a strange hour. I missed  the call and had to call her back that afternoon.	2
A colleague's 17 year old daughter is seriously ill with cancer  and has only a year to live.  I  heard about it 6 weeks ago.	4
Again, a quarrel had come up in our difficult relationship.  My  life-partner threw all the books off the shelf.  I am sure that it  disturbed our neighbours since this happened late in the night.	5
Argument with roommate over a lock he had put on kitchen cupboard  without telling anyone.	0
You ignored the fact that we could not hear you at the back.	4
After confronting the person who stood me up, I blew up and said  all the wrong things.	6
My friend and I were to attend a very important meeting and he  had promised to come and pick me up.  But he did not turn up and  I felt very angry at him.	0
I was most angry when India lost the Triangular Cricket trophy  held in Australia.  I was so angry that I fought (orally) with my  friend.	0
When I didn't study for tests in High School. In particular   remember a physics test. I didn't study because my friends talked  me out of it and we did something else boring. I felt so helpless  just being there - then guilt set in because I was very close to  getting an A in the class.	6
When I married my wife and took her home for the first time.	3
My friend got married and went abroad, this made me feel sad and  lonely.	4
Before getting back the results of a test in school, when I had  worked very hard and was worried about not succeeding.	2
On the way back from a Summer spent in Sweden, I drunk with a man  in the train.  I had drunk so much that when I got home I fell  asleep in the entrance hall.  I have never drunk that much,  neither before nor after that incident.  I was ashamed because my  mother and my sister had to see me in that state and my father  had to carry me to bed.	5
Meeting generally dominating persons in social occasions.	0
I gave some personal information to a friend of mine, and he told  it to some others who were implicated in the affair.	0
When I was doing my last year at Secondary School I was robbed of  my clothes, wristwatch and my pair of shoes. After investigations  it was found that all the things were stolen by one of the boys  in our hostel.	0
I was cold to my sister without meaning it, just because I was  upset and frustated.	6
I had a short lasting sexual relationship with someone I didn't  love.	5
When I told a girl that I could not take her out that night as I  was entertaining my mother who had come from home.  However, I  later met this girl with another girlfriend at a hostel where I  had taken out another girlfriend of mine.	5
The emotion came to me when a certain girl who was not polite to  her mother hit her sister severely.	1
When I was taken to the place where my uncle had defecated in his  pants after having drunk beer.	5
When my sister came home late one day and thus disobeyed my  parents.	0
When I was operated on the knee and had to go through rehabilitation.	2
Once a friend had pushed me and I had fallen on to a window which  then broke.  I was taken to tthe principal's office and he  accused me of having broken the window.	0
The male friend of my mother (a widow) moved in to live with us.   I did not like the man.	1
I am a school teacher. At a teacher-parent meeting I received a  good deal of positive feed-back on my work both from the parents  and through them from the pupils.	3
In ward 2A there was a patient suffering from Syphilitic  Paraplegia and had pressure sores. The wounds had offensive smell  that only a few people .... the place.	1
Having passed the exam required to be an authorized Radio/TV  dealer.	3
When I lost my father in a car accident.	4
When I opted for my research field, for them the percentage of  marks was more important than my knowledge.	1
Sleeping with a girl on a Saturday night and then not contacting  her in later days.	5
Some boys told me your nickname is "Little Girl Doctor", I did  not tell them off and laughed with them.	6
Not handing in homeworks in time.	6
When my natural parents name would show up on papers and not my,  what I call real name.	5
When people manipulate others through appearing better than what  they really are.	1
Sitting alone in a quiet room concentrating on things happening  around me which pleases me.	3
It was in 1983 September when MCE results were being announced on  the radio. When I heard my name that I had done well I just kept  quiet. I was so happy that I couldn't even talk.	3
One day I was chatting with children at home. Then I took a lump  of soap and gave to one of them pretending that it was a sweet. I  thought the child would realise that it was not. Unfortunately he  did not and he put it in his mouth.	6
Receiving a letter from a boy I care.	3
I wrote a bad letter to someone concerning our relationship which  we created ourselves.	6
One day I found an incontinent man in the ward. This patient had a  guardian who couldn't give him a bath. So I just left him like that  but felt guilty until I went back to give him a bath.	6
When a friend who comes visiting me unexpectedly asks for coffee  and I refuse to give him this.	0
My sister bkoke her leg.	4
When I saw my 16 year old sister at home after having waited for  her all night, not knowing where she was.	3
I felt very angry when a mishanga seller robbed me of the  transport money I had to go to school.	0
At a party my best girlfriend got really drunk and went off with  a guy she knows I really like.	1
When another fellow worker decided to leave the company. We had  been very close and we would not be able to work with eachother  any longer.	4
Not handing in homework in time.	6
The high school entrance exam.	3
The fear about my future : work, making ends meet and health.  Coping.	2
When my co-resident opened the bathroom door while I was bathing  inside.	5
A friend of mine had a bicycle-accident because I pulled at his  handlebar.	6
I felt very happy when I heard I had passed the examination to  move up to the second year course.	3
One night I did not come home without telling my parents and I  did not want to speak about it afterwards. My mother cried. I had  a bad conscience and felt guilty.	6
When I was a child I was playing on the upper deck of the bed  with my brother.  My parents slept on the lower deck.  My father  felt disgusted and beat me up.  I felt very sad as my father had  never beaten me or scolded me before.	4
Dad had just married his second wife (my step-mother) and I did  not like her so I went to the wardrobe and set fire to her  dresses.  Eveyone suspected my brother and he had to bear the  consequences.  Nobody ever got to know that it was me who had  done it. 	6
I had a dream about my fiancTe leaving me and making an end to  our relation.	2
I won the country ski championship.	3
When my brother had an epileptic attack and I was scared as to  what would happen to him.	2
When my dog died.	4
When my relatives troubled me so that I would help them  financially.	1
After my father's death.	4
I heard of the death of a closefriend of mine.  I had gone camping         with him shortly before his death and the whole thing seemed very   sudden to me. 	4
My aunt phoned me to ask me why I had refused the her invitation  to dinner at her home on the New Year's Eve.	5
When my uncle died of leukemia at age 35.	4
To loose friends because of them over-estimating themselves.	1
As I was taking venous blood from another patient I introduced  air into the place of puncturing and there was a swelling which  is dangerous to the patient hence I became afraid.	2
Came back from surfing to find car broken into and gear and money  stolen.	0
I was at the table at a French friend's house.  They served me a  big dish with roast cauliflower and sauce.  I had to eat it. 	1
When I left my part-time job.	4
One day my mother forced me to eat more and I refused, the next  day she served me more rice and mutton pieces than usual.  When I  saw this I got very angry and scolded her, and refused to eat.   Later I felt guilty and asked her to excuse me.	6
I caught a "peeping tom" at my window when I was getting  undressed.	0
A person (a male) told me that he liked me.  He has a problem, he  is a homosexual.	5
When I found out that the seat in the coach that I had booked had  been sold to somebody else.	1
At an anti-pornography meeting, when samples from films and  magazines were shown.	1
I kicked the dog outside on a cold night because he was annoying  me. The next day he came down with the flu and we thought he was  going to die.	5
I was walking on a street alone in the afternoon when there were  not too many people on the street.  A couple of guys were  following me and I was ignoring them.  Suddenly one of them came  in front of me and started using dirty language and harrassing  me.  I got very angry and wanted to strike back at them.	0
When I received my report card in C.O.U.  I was afraid of obtaining  low marks, but they were much higher than expected.  	3
I read about a monk who had been murdered and put into a barrel  which was filled with blood of pigs.	1
When I was walking along a road alone on my way to go shopping.	2
Stopped at lights in Mangere late one Friday night on way home  from work. Alone in car when someone came up behind the car and  started banging and shaking it. Light was red and had nowhere to  go until light changed. When green I took off.	2
When I first heard that Tage Dannielsson had died.	4
NO RESPONSE.	0
Last year I was asked to look after my niece while her mother was  cooking.  Unfortunately the kid fell off the bed, I was confident  that she would not fall and had not been paying much attention.	6
I experienced this when my maternal grandmother passed away.  She  was the last of my grand parents to pass away.	4
My uncle was taken to the UTC for an operation as he had cancer.   There had been a lot of deaths of late - 3 out of every 4  operated.  I was scared for my uncle's life.	2
When I took the first year university exams and made a lot of  mistakes in the P110 exam.  I was afraid of failing and thus  being unable to go to the school of medicine.	2
I wanted something in particular and did not get it, also there  was no possibility of getting it.	4
I confronted a bigger person than I and almost got into a fight.	2
When one meets new people with whom one is forced to collaborate  with.	2
When I was parking my car I was not cautious and bumped into  another car. I caused considerable damage. The driver of the  other car was very angry and I let him insult me because I felt  guilty.	6
Going to a concert.	3
I tried my level best to care for my client, I took an  appointment with a doctor and before meeting the doctor he  expired - a poor small boy from Uttar Pradesh.	4
When I failed my first biochemistry test.	1
When people/press analyze a particular newsworthy item (CAL  Football team) which I am a member and can only see the situation  in a bad light and always put the team down.	1
I was very angry at someone.	5
When I travelled all the way to my former school to collect my  certificate, only to be told that I owed them some money, I knew  nothing about this.	0
Unable to help my mother to cook.	6
I met a certain lady at Mchesi and I proposed a word of love to  her and at the same time she accepted my proposal.	3
DO NOT REMEMBER.	2
When I was refused a transfer from my school to another, simply  because it was far away from my house.	1
When India won the Prudential cup by beating West-Indies in the  final match and became the world cricket champion.  West-Indies  was the strongest of the eight countries which participated in  the competition.	3
I was on a class excursion, by boat to Stockholm.  At night my  class mates prepared to clebrate their motive in life which was  "life is merriment".  I felt depressed about the way they sought  happiness.	4
When my roommate forgets to flush the toilet.	1
When a person saw that I was accused of something I had not done  and did not do anything to defend me.	1
Someone called me a disgusting nickname.	0
On a trip to Santander a child sitting beside me fell ill and  started to vomit, seeing this made me feel very bad.	1
I was not prepared for the exam but I wanted to sleep the night  before the exam.	2
While swimming, I hit my head at the bottom of the pool and  required stitches. I later learned that the consequences could  have been much more severe and that terrified me.	2
When my mother caught me masturbating.	5
While walking on the street with a good friend of mine, we met an  acquaintance of hers.  My friend started showing off and telling  false stories about herself and praising herself.	1
I was accused of having done something, which I hadn't and got  very angry.	0
I was angry with a friend of mine who behaved in an affected  manner.	0
My roommate being unconsiderate.	0
Finding out that a boy I do not like is in love with me.	2
Fear of the turn that the examination paper would take as I  lacked confidence.	2
When I was accepted to study at this school I was very happy.	3
Once, when I was ten, I could not remember why my mother was so  angry.  She fainted suddenly and I was very scared as I did not  know what to do .	2
The end of a relationship (after 4 years) by doing this I hurt  the other person very much.	4
In a very important basket-ball match where a lot was at stake, I  played very badly.	0
It was a narrow and dirty passage which was located near the  market and I had to stand there to wait for people.	1
My mother's death.	4
When anybody wants to make me feel guilty. For example: I should  do something for my mother, but things didn't go as she hoped.  Then she threatens: I'll do it myself.	0
When my girlfriend told me that she wanted to leave me.	4
I feel guilty as I am not working, and even my studies are not  progressing.	5
When I broke-down while seeing off my friend.	5
Finding out about some girls who have been nice to the class  leader in order to go to the neuropsychology lectures (English  ones).	0
The birth of my first child.	3
A class-mate died after being two months in coma, after a car  accident.	4
Saw in TV that China had the most gold medals in the Asian  Olympic.	3
China not doing well in the Asian Olympic games.	5
When my girlfriend left me to go out with another guy, even  though she knew that she was wrong.	0
I talk too much, cannot keep things secret. I promised a friend  not to tell something to anybody. Neverthless, I did, and she got  informed about it. I felt very ashamed.	5
I met my ex boyfriend by chance.  We separated a few months ago  and I am now with a new boyfriend.  My ex boyfriend looked  depressed, and I know I am not to be blamed.	6
When a "friend" dropped a frog down my neck, and I didn't know  what it was.	1
When I was going to take the practical exams.	2
The day I got married was the happiest day of my life.  Both of  us felt that we were right for each other in every way and we had  no doubts about our compatibility right from the day we got  engaged.	3
Not quick enough to help the lectors to catty things for the  lecture.	5
When I was talking to a person who is a hypocrite, I felt  disgusted at his reaction.	1
When I was nearly beaten up by the brother of my girlfriend.	2
Being insulted in front of my parents, and they believed other  people (those insulting me).	0
I had a class-mate who was rather stupid.  I did not like him  but I respected him.  When he tried to talk to someone, they  would not listen to him and I could not bear seeing this.	1
It was when my friend had stolen my money (K10) and had  disappeared.	0
The girl I was seeing didn't want to have a serious relationship.  	4
A few monthe ago, when my brother's wife told me that I had bad  manners.  To make matters worse she did not let me use their  telephone as she only allowed people of her own tribe.	0
Meeting an old friend from high school.	3
Not being able to help my friend to study English.	6
When I unexpectedly received birthday greetings from a person I  like.	3
I came across a friend with whom I had lost touch for a long  time.	3
I was very pleased and happy when my older sister came home from  living somewhere out of town and I hadn't seen her for months. We  are very close sisters.	3
When my dad gives priority to my kid brother's band and his  other activities.  We both play in different bands and rehearse  in my parents garage.	4
When approached by a gang of youths in town at night.	2
I was subject to false accusations, and got very angry.	0
My parents do not like my friend and told me to stay away from  him.	0
I did not go to the exercises, without any adequate reason.	6
When we were going to Nkhoma last Saturday the vehicle was moving  very fast, so I feared we might crash since the road was too  rough.	2
My friends and I were sitting at a restaurant. We were talking  and a few of them said awful things about women. I became  disgusted by their narrow-mindedness.	1
Saying goodbye at the airport to my boyfriend who has to go to  school back East. We are very close and have been together 4  years.	4
When I went to a job interview, I met a person who was very nice,  and his attitude made me glad.	3
I saw a septic, smelling wound.	1
When I dreamt that my family was in trouble and was facing many  difficulties.	2
When I was 12 years old I frequently was pursued by others and  got sound thrashes.	2
I do not have the time for other people's problems.  My  mother-in-law is sometimes depressed and I do not have the time,  the desire or the strength to help.	6
When I lost my driving license because I had been driving while  under the influence of alcool.	0
I felt sad when my dear friend was needed from training school  due to his failure in a number of subjects and simply didn't know  what he had to do.	4
During my birthday party a friend drank too much alcohol. So much  that he had to throw up. Worst of all was that he couldn't leave  my friend alone and that he was molesting her.	1
One day I was supposed to go to a movie with my boyfriend. In the  morning I went to see my Auntie and I didn't come back up to  evening.	5
When I was in the 12th standard, I could not speak English.  One  day, while  talking with my relatives I used a wrong word and   my cousin corrected me, believing that I did not know English.  I  really felt ashamed then. 	5
When I saw Russian roulette on TV. (obviously the movie "Deer  hunter")	2
I was told quite unexpectedly that one wanted me to become the  vice-chairman of our student organisation.  I was really  surprised and joy was the first emotion I felt, though behind it  there was worry - how shall I succeed ?	3
I was alone walking in a deserted part of the city and I had some  fear that some men would attack me and rob me.	2
When I worked as an "au-pair-girl" in London, I received a call  from a good friend who told me that she was in London too and  wanted to see me. I was very glad - after that call and  especially when I saw her.	3
When my grandmother passed away.  We had been waiting for it as  she had been sick for years, but when it happened I found it hard  to accept.	4
Mugged while on holiday in the U.S.A.	2
The weather is very bad (fog and slipperiness) the newcast  reports many traffic accidents and my boyfriend is driving home  and still has 60 kilometers to go.	2
When someone threw a firecracker into my room at 7:00 am in the  morning.	0
I was eating in a very nice restaurant, when the servant asked  whether I liked the food I told him that I liked it but that  there was one thing which wasn't so good. The servant than worked  very hard to make it good.	5
My mother told me that I could not go to the mountains.  Despite  my age, as long as I am in her house I must do what she says.	0
On the way back from Denmark with a friend on a small yatch,  there was a storm and my friend was blown overboard;  I was very  scared till I managed to get him back onboard.	2
I beat my young sister because she refused to wash plates. She  started crying and I felt sorry and guilty for what I did.	6
I made an appointment to pick up someone. However I arrived  too late and she had to wait a quarter of an hour.	6
When I was confronted by a policeman one night around 11 o'clock.   I was afraid when they threatened to take me and my girl to the  gallows.	2
When I decided to separate from my husband.	2
The same as for SHAME and DISGUST. I was asked to resign my  sorority which I did because I was ashamed.	4
Third highest grade in the class and the best answer given for  one question (the question was graded by the professor and he  indicated he liked my answer).	3
When I came back from my holidays.	4
At the police centre a man between 40-50 was brought in.  He was  very drunk and in all likelihood had not slept indoors for a long  time and had relieved himself in his trousers.	1
When I was the target of a great many insults and completely  unfair accusations of a large group of people.	0
A TV program on whale-hunting.	1
A friend came to visit me and I was not there.	6
The day after the night I drank too much at a party.	5
I felt guilty because I had not accomplished a thing as well as I  had wanted to.	6
When my father thought that I was an unrelaible son.	1
I was with my family and we found some abandoned puppies.  I  wanted to help them but everyone said no.  We then left.	0
Stealing money from a milk token jar from a close friend of the  family when visiting.	6
This happened when one of my uncles died just whan I was  planning to go and visit him during the next holidays.	4
When I was 20 years old, I fell severely ill and was bed-ridden for  6 months.  I felt very scared for my health and my studies.	2
As the only person in my family into academics, I ought to have  looked after my younger (and only) sister better, with respect to  her education and life experiences.	6
When I gave birth to my son and saw that he was alive and that I  had managed it well.  He was born a month too early with a  malfunctioning lung.  This happened a year ago.	3
I slept in a tent at the Barracks which caught fire at night and  my best possessions got burnt in there.	4
I bumped my dad's car in a lamp post.  He was not at home then,  neither was he home when I left for the campus.  I did not tell  him about the accident and I will never tell him.	6
A girl, who is a friend of mine was having an affair with a boy  who is also a friend of mine.  I got to know that this girl was  also seeing another guy.  Later on, she just broke off with this friend  of mine without giving any explanations.  This made him sad and  depressed, and I felt disgust for this girl.	1
The sight of vomit on the street.	1
In an exam I answered the questions rather carelessly and  afterwards I thought that the exam would have been better had I  answered more carefully.	6
Being close to drowning.	2
My sister had to undergo a very complicated operation, her  eyesight was at stake.	2
When I took drugs.	6
When one has arranged to meet someone and that person arrives  late, in the meantime one starts thinking about all that could  have gone wrong e.g a traffic accident.	2
My child, unexpectedly started acting in a restless and  disturbing way at school.  In addition his performance at school  weakened.	4
When I got separated from my first love.	4
Little contact with my father before he died.	6
I heard that a friend had died in an accident; group situation:  suddenly a friend came in and said "Have you already heard  that..."; there was a terrible consternation, silence, then  everybody shouted excitedly "How could that happen...".	4
Very often I take care for my little sister and oversee her  duties. Most of the time everything went fine, but sometimes she  absolutely didn't want to obey; then I hit her (we frequently  were hit by our father).	6
When a close friend failed to live up to the expectations I had  of him - thereby causing pain to his spouse. I believe that my  anger was probably a reaction of fear that I wouldn't be able to  live up to my own expectations.	0
When my aunt passed away in early 1982.	4
When I was told that the brother who was staying with me would  not go to the training school that year but only the year after.	1
When I was afraid to tell my sports teacher at secondary school  that I had not participated in the sports activities the previous  day.	6
I felt afraid just before receiving the question paper of the  part II exam.	2
One morning after breakfast I was still not satisfied.  My nephew  (a small boy of 2) had not eaten his breakfast and just when I  was taking a bit of his share someone walked in.	5
I had just moved to the town where I study and I got a postcard  from a good friend (from my home town).	3
Saw my father with that woman he is married to now.	1
One day when I was a little boy, my friends asked me to play  with them outside and to catch some boys.  However our parents  did not know that we were out and when I got home it was very  late and I feared being scolded by my parents.	2
When I failed the grade seven exams.	5
I feel guilty when when I realize that I consider material things  more important than caring for my relatives.  I feel very  self-centered.	6
My best friend had failed Exams. She had to leave and so we got  separated.	4
It was last week on Sunday that I was walking with my girlfriend  along Kawale road going to town so I tried to stop a car for a  lift and the driver didn't stop and I felt shame because people  were looking at us.	5
I told some acquaintances of mine something that I regretted  later.	5
When the parents of my girlfriend gave permission to spend our  holiday together.	3
I was walking along the passage to my room (very near the anatomy  laboratory) and I heard something and felt that there was some  thing behind me.  I looked back and there was no one.  I started  imagining that maybe it was a corpse.	2
When I went to the sauna for the first time and there were men  and women.	5
Once, when I arrived home very late, my parents had an argument  because of this; my mother wanted to stand up for me.	6
The day I encountered a queer mamba face to face in a chunk of  leaves behind our house.	2
When I recently managed to get my first consulting assignment  "myself" i.e on my own initiative.	3
I had failed some subjects in mathematics.	4
Death of a close friend.	4
One evening, I was with a group of friends having a talk.  There  was a very trustful and joyful atmosphere.	3
When I was working as a nurse in a mental hospital, a patient ate  up the contents of another patient's spitoon.	1
We had had a party the night before and we still had some liquors  left the morning after. I went to the kitchen pretending to  prepare some tea and was caught by my fiancee pouring some rum  down my throat.	6
At set-backs.	4
When I was chased by a big dog near my house.	2
My parents thought that I didn't do my best to pass the final  examination (secondary school). When I achieved a good grade they  said nothing, but if I had had a bad grade they would have become  very angry.	0
When my first girlfriend an I left each other.	4
After having left the company of someone who gave me a lot of  support and made me laugh, found myself alone for days on end.	4
I felt very disgusted at a friend to whom I had given a Psychology  book to read, and she did not care to give me back the book  during the exams.	1
A reoccurring fear that something will happen to my relatives.	2
I felt guilty when I spent a night at my boyfriend's place,  particularly because I had been harsh and spiteful when I had  left home.  The reason was that I feared a possible discussion on  the subject and I wanted to leave defiantly.	6
When I was a child, one day while playing, I fell up to my waist  in mud.	1
When my boyfriend openly let me down, preferring another girl.	4
At the seaside, when a wave suddenly came and took off my bikini.	5
A co-worker and I had to rush a project. I was only working there  for one month and he for some years. Instead of letting me know  that he wanted to do the project himself, he went to the  superviser and let the superviser tell me to let the co-worker do  it himself since he was quicker at it.	0
Yesterday my friend gave me a gift and had dinner with me.	3
I am filled with gloom and sadness at the death of a person.   More specifically, I felt sad after hearing the news of a  death of a person who was hale and hearty and full of life, with vigour and plans for the next day but had no next day to cherish it.	4
I made a joke about the rat of a boy. I compared his rat with a  sausage. I told the boy he had a delicious sausage.	5
Getting a friend an open container ticket because I got caught  speeding.	6
I saw in an ice-cream kiosque a cockroach walking through a  cornet.	1
When someone took my pen away.	0
In a playground I was playing at the seesaw with a little niece.  I wanted to stop but nobody came to help me. When I got off, all  alone the seesaw fell down with a big smash. My niece got hurt  above her eye. Now there is a scar.	6
Getting drunk and creating a lot of trouble at a place I respect  - my friend's home.	5
Brother took my money to use for his own purposes.	0
When my boyfriend and I went out for a dinner and subsequently  went to his family. We had a very nice evening.	3
I was worried by a task related to my studies which had to be  done in groups of two.  I was talking about it to my friends when  I said something negative, in too abrupt a manner, concerning my  work partner.  I did not quite mean what I said and I felt  ashamed at having been mean enough to criticize him as he is also  a friend of mine.	5
When I had to eat scraps from a dust-bin, because of a bet.	1
My best friend could not get into university.	4
When my colleague spat on my face after a quarrel.	0
Hearing a strange noise in the biology building.	2
One day I felt dizzy during a lecture.  When the lecturer asked  us as to who had heard the fairy tale - I was the only one who  put up his hand and this surprised the whole class.	5
Marriage crises.  Boredom.	4
When I told a lie to a friend of my sister on April fool's day.   She later came to see me and told me that it was a very foolish  thing to do.	5
When I heard on the radio that the football match in Belgium had  ended in a catastrophe, and several people had died.  I could not   understand how normal people could behave in such a way.	0
The computer at school had left out my name along with four  others and I had no rights for one year.  So I was happy to find  my name on the medical schhol list.	3
I learnt from the newspaper that I had been accepted at the  Chinese university of H.K.  It was 7 o'clock in the morning.   Later I told my family and relatives about it and had tea with  them very joyfully.	3
I was caught doing something bad and I bribed the person who  caught me.  Later I felt very bad, maybe I should have paid for  my bad behaviour.	6
When my boyfriend told me that it would be difficult for him to  marry me.	0
An out-patient asked me to read for him a certain prescription  but I was unable to do so. The patient was dissappointed and lost  hope in me.	5
When my cat vomited and a worm came out which was still alive.  I  was forced to wipe it up.	1
I criticised an action of my mother and for the first time she  genuinely took notice of it. I felt shame that I was almost  taking the part of a husband, or at least an equal which I should  not.	5
When I saw parents punishing their little child for something he  had not done.  In my opinion, even if he had done it he should  not have been punished for it.	0
When a classmate of ours knocked on our door at 2 o'clock in the  morning.  I was disgusted at his behaviour.	1
I was rushing home from school because there was a 49er game that  night. I got into a non-injury accident, which was all my fault,  but destroyed the front of my car. The truck I hit was undamaged.	0
When my boyfriend came back after being away for 10 days.	3
I felt disgusted one day when, as we were eating, a child  defecated on the table side.	1
I was in the library of medical psychology and walked into the  wrong direction. A man who came out of a room threated me very  denigrating and I became very angry in a resisting manner.	0
I felt alone among a large number of people.  I was sad to see  that nobody cared about what was happening to me.	4
When I am with a friend and we have to leave each other.	4
At the pre-university, I was appreciated as an examplary  student by our pricipal.  This is something which made me feel  very happy.	3
One day I went to see a rather disagreeable film (X).	1
It was winter/spring and the ice was melting.  I was far out on a  jetty and I poked the ice with a long branch to try and break it.   The branch went through the ice and I fell in, the water closed  in over my head.	2
Once I lied to my parents and this made me feel very guilty.	6
On the cliff by the sea, the silence and the sudden voice of a  bird.(swans of the bay)	3
I received a letter form home telling me that my sister was very sick.	4
When I dream of anything terrifying I used to have fear for the  rest of the day that the dream might come true e.g., being beaten  (or eaten ?) by a snake.	2
When a friend of mine was trying to make a fool out of me.	0
When after a lot of provocation my child threw a plate on the  floor.	0
The way my husband and his family treated me - unfairly, cruelly,  and unjustly.	1
Thinking that I had been seen smoking at school by a teacher -  waiting to be summoned to the headmaster's office.	2
I am not good enough for your experiment I am doing.	6
Receiving my result slip (pass) on my birthday.	3
When employer made a pass at me whilst I was at work.	1
I went to the prayer meeting at night and unfortunately the car  broke down, so my other sister said I had to walk alone from  Ndirande to Chirimba at around midnight. So we reached home at  1 am. I was afraid of robbers and dardness.	2
My brother lost his temper and started smashing things in the  house.  I was quite scared, that something terrible might happen,  till the situation was brought under control.	2
I was very ashamed when I was neglected by a certain friend whom  I was thinking loved me very much.	5
A gathering of a social sports club at which they proceeded to  show pornographic videos and then afterwards (when most people  had had quite a bit to drink) carried on in a very degrading,  unmoral manner - especially females exposing and flaunting  themselves with no shame or embarassment.	1
When I was informed that I had been accepted as a student of  Psychology.	3
When a close friend of mine who was with me in first year could  not make it to the second year.	4
Caused a family disturbance.	4
NO RESPONSE.	6
Cueing for a bus and the drivers having long dinner.	1
It happened that one of my best friends just took my shirt  without my knowledge, I hadn't put it on for many days and I was  short of clothes.	1
I was less than 10 years old when our neighbour's dog chased me  to the roof of a small shed and there seemed to be no hope of  getting away from there.	2
My roommate's lack of consideration of me.	1
When I was back home after a long time, meeting beloved people  and close friends.	3
When I nearly drowned in icy water wearing ice skates.  It was  difficult to get out.	2
The death of my mother-in-law after a long sick-bed. at the  moment of dying I was with her.	4
My father insulted by other people.	5
When I was punished in school for no serious mistake of mine.	0
My father had a complicated operation. A long time before and  also a long time after that, we did not know how he would get  over it. During all that time I felt very sad.	4
When grandfather died.	4
Before the certificate examination I was very poor in Biology  (the worst result in my class).  Ever since F.5 it had been  getting poorer and poorer.  I had tried my best and had spent  most of my time studying this subject.  Finally my results were  so bad that I thought that it was just not fair.	0
Selling my used car.	3
When my mother threatened me with thrushing me of the stairs, when  I once more should make a comment.	2
I had stopped talking to a very close friend of mine.  A week  later he came over to try and make friends with me  again and  from the way he talked I felt that he was a very mean preson.	6
When I was not in a position to control myself.  I had said too  much and had been cruel with no other than my mother.	5
When I was told by the doctor, after many months of coughing,  that I had tuberculosis.	2
One of my friends asked me to go shopping with her, another  friend of hers was also coming along.  During the outing they  kept talking to each other and I felt left out, even when I tried  to talk to them they seemed not to listen to me and did not pay  me much attention.	0
When I read the newspaper that morning I found my candidature  number on the admission list of the Chinese university.  I was  satisfied and happy and the cumulative anxiety disappeared.  I  only wanted to cry out that I had succeeded.	3
I bought a possible answer to a homework problem which was  completely inapplicable to the question due to my not having read  about the subject matter.	5
When I heard that my sister had shouted at my friend's cousin at  their place.	1
Article published.	3
Listening to horrot stories at night.	2
Arriving home from work after a long and tiring day to find no  dinner prepared as I had expected.	0
I was very angry when I heard that my brother was beaten by his  friends. 	0
I am chosen for the English lectures instead of my good friend  and people told me that girls are more likely to be chosen.	5
I felt guilty when I learnt that some of friends found the  finished at the Cafeteria because I took food which was more than  my share.	6
A friend told me how he managed to win the sympathy of as many  people as possible. He said he first listened to what they said  and then he tried to only say things they would like to hear.  He would never express his own opinion. I felt really disgusted  when he told that.	1
I destroyed my step-brother's bedsheets by mistake, they were the  only ones he had.	6
Made a misjudgement in a football match.	6
I felt sad after having had an argument with my boyfriend.  I felt  that he did not understand me and that there was no point in  carrying on with the relationship.	4
When I was driving home after  several days of hard work, there  was a motorist ahead of me who was driving at 50 km/hour and  refused, despite his low speeed to let me overtake.	0
When caught shop-lifting as for shame.	6
When I was admitted to the Chinese universiity.	3
One night a friend found out that I dumped one girl for another  and he proceded to lecture me.	5
When I got a good grade for an exam in statistics.	3
When I did not concentrate on my studies despite my mother's help  and cooperation.	6
Saw a beggar on the street (China still so poor).	5
When my mum learnt that I had beaten up someone in a fight.	5
When I was selected to this university despite my having  studyied in difficulty throughout my secondary school days.	3
On seeing a scene of an accident in a magazine.	1
When my father addressed me directly and maliciously, thus  including me in the "family war".	0
Success in university entrance examination.	3
Hear a very nice joke made by a friend.	3
When I feigned sick leave from work.	6
A certain person started to say dreadful things very calmly, I  felt hurt and disgusted.	0
Getting lost in a strange place.	2
Not being able to have a party at home with friends.	5
My father suddenly fell ill and died.	4
My parents did not approve my choice of a boyfriend (now an  ex-boyfriend).  He happened to be 13 years older than me and he  was considered completely unsuitable for me.  IDIOT.	0
Last year when I worked during the Summer holidays and studied  at the same time for an examination I had to repeat; my boyfriend  went to Greece for a holiday for a month.	4
I felt guilty of revealing a secret to my in-law. I told her that  my brother and I had gone to disconight which is a thing my  brother didn't want to let her know. Later my brother was accused  of spending a night out.	6
I got a letter from my best friend, whom I had not heard from for  a long time (a good letter).	3
When I pass an exam.	3
I was talking to a friend and he said something which was very  funny.	3
We were at secondary school and I was making a lot of noise.  The  teacher came to ask us as to who was making all the noise.  I did  not own up so the  whole class was punished.	6
Some time ago I promised to meet an acquaintance of mine and to  carry him some promised papers. I haven't done it until this day.  Now I feel quite awkward when I meet him.	5
I was ashamed at being the only one to have got a C+ in ED120  assignment.	5
Winning the local soccer championships this year was a great joy.	3
That if ever I was really naughty I would be sent away from my  Mum and Dad to another family. I was fostered from age 5 and  didn't get to Mum and Dad until I was 6 and then legally adopted  at 14.	2
When I came across an old friend whom I had not seen for a very  long time.	3
When I went home on holidays I found that my niece and nephew had  passed away I was very sad for the children were not even sick  before death but suddenly died.	4
The girl with whom I was going around had been forbidden to be  alone with me in the house.  We paid no attention to this  prohibition but one day her parents appeared and I jumped out of  the window.  They saw me.	5
I told a friend that I was going to a party and he would not  enjoy himself if he came along.  He understood  that he would not  have fitted in and there was something in that.	5
Seeing someone who has bleeding nose.	1
When my father's new fiancee treats me like a child.  She does  not trust me and constantly misunderstands me.  I get  particularly angry when she says nasty things about my boyfriend  with whom she works.	0
Saw poverty in the countryside.	4
One night I had a very good conversation with two friends. I then  realized how worthy they were for me and how happy I was to  have them as friends.	3
As part of the assessment I had to speak on a subject in front  of the class. I was not really prepared and I was just reading  the stuff I had on a piece of paper, when some of the students   asked me something I could not give them an answer.  I felt  ashamed as I had not prepared the topic.	5
I told my elder brother that he was irresponsible and that I did  not care for what he did because he was teasing me.	6
Acting in a play at the orientation camp made me feel timid.	5
One of my fellow students had bunked field work and in my attempt  to cover up for him I myself was exposed, though not directly.   We were to meet our field work suprevisor and we were afraid of  the consequences.	2
When I was young I felt guilty because I thought that I had  commited a grave sin.	6
I asked a girl out on a date and she said no.	4
A girl I was with went off with another guy.	0
A rich man expressing disgust towards an alcoholic.	1
In a cottage in a large forest, I was alone for a while in the  dark.	2
Last year I put off an exam for the autumn session without  knowing if there was a supplementary examination session. When I  came home with my exam unpassed I felt guilty before my parents  when I remembered how much they had done for me.	6
When I did something wrong in the past and denied having done it  when asked about it later.	6
During an informal discussion I contributed a lot even though I  had not spent much time studying.  Whenever someone said that  someone was not paying attention, or that he had too many other  things to do, or that the persoon was not trying his best, I  would feel ashamed.	5
The time I first saw my cousin who is living in Tanzania.	3
I suffer form a disease of my muscles. However, I cannot talk  about it and my feelings, the consequence with my parents. They  try to repress it.	4
During the military service, I lost a part of an equipment; I  accused another person and he was rebuked and punished.	6
When someone in my family died.	4
In Southern Tyrol, I was gathering apples, it was a fine day, I  was not thinking about anything, I felt an overwhelming joy.	3
Nothing.	1
When I fought with my friends.	6
Not finishing my duty as a class leader.	5
A children's film in which I played a clown, with spotlights,  cameras and the director who demanded jumps and guffaws.	5
When my child was born.	3
Our boarder burping after meals !	1
If they force me to eat something I don't like. For example, my  parents always twaddle and whine, when I don't eat all the food.	0
After my +2, when I did not get admission in B.E I felt disgusted.	1
When I read about Reagan's tactical decision concerning the  South African boycott.	0
Getting sent on a company expense trip to another state to work  for a week at that plan.	3
I helped my little sister (13 years) learning mathematics.  Obviously she did not want to understand what I explained and  started to cry. I grew angry.	0
When I forgot to cook something that my mother had told me to,  and at supper time the food that I was supposed to have prepared  was not there.	6
I received a letter which was too strong for me. It said I had  done something which I really didn't do.	1
My boyfriend promised to take me to see a game of tennis and rang  saying he was going to the pub with some of his friends instead.	0
I was very happy when I found out that I had passed with flying  colours and that I had made it to the university.	3
When I heard about the death of Frantois Truffaut, the French motion   picture director, on the radio.  I had planned to go and see his  last film.	4
I was scared in the dark when I was a little boy.	2
While quarreling with my brother I broke the glass door of the  cupboard and a china doll.  We were scolded by my father for  breaking the door but we did not tell him about the door.	6
I borrowed a car which was supposed to be used for a long journey  a few hours later, and one of the tyres burst in the middle of  the town and I did not know what to do.	2
At a gathering I found myself involuntarily sitting next to two  people who expressed opinions that I considered very low and  discriminating.	1
My father resigned from work, and soon after this his elder brother  died.  The next day my granny died (my mother's mother).  My dad  remains the only living member of his family.	4
I sensed a strong feeling of joy when in the plant, at my working  place, I got a message that I was admitted as full time student at  the Higher Agricultural Institute.	3
When my neighbour's life was threatened by someone who was trying  to break into his house.	2
I passed an exam which I thought I had failed.	3
I am not good enough to join any team to play sport for the  class.	6
When I had to dissect a live mouse at school.	1
When I was told to attend an operation in theatre.	2
During 7th grade our class mobbed a famale teacher so badly that  she had a breackdown and was hospitalized.	6
Seeing my sister after about 2 years of not seeing her. Only  spent 1 hour or so before she was off overseas with her husband  for 3 months.	3
I was selected to come here (University, College) when I was least  expecting it.	3
Talking to someone I disliked.	1
I was angry at the Cafeteria when the cook scolded and said many  bad things about me without reason. He thought I was among the  girls who did him wrong.	0
Running away from a fire.	5
During a fight with my best friend.	0
Going out alone in the dark.	2
Day before yesterday my mother bought me a new pair of shoes,  without my having asked for them.  She told me that when she saw  the pair of shoes she felt like buying them for me.  I really  liked the shoes and they made me feel that my mother cares for  me.	3
I was moving in the graveyard at 6.00 pm one day and was griped  by fear because I was told that ghosts detain people moving there  at night.	2
I was angry the other day because the teacher told me to sweep  some orange peels. It was my friends who were supposed to sweep,  but the teacher told me to do it.	0
Someone, who was sitting very close to me, was smoknig in the  compartment of an air conditioned mini-bus.	1
When I was given detention at secondary school.	5
It was when I read a newspaper article on the future and they  foresaw that we would be eating frog-burgers by the year 2000.   An illustration showed a frog between two pieces of bread.	1
Not helping other people to do their homework.	6
Postgraduate students talking about girls stupid.	1
One day, early morning my mother who is healthy fell ill.  There  was no doctor or compounder near by and for a few hours -8 A.M to  6 P.M she did not speak a single sentence, nor did she drink water  or  milk.  There was no movement in her body and I felt really  scared.  I almost lost my confidence about her survival.	2
When my father passed away.	4
A very drunk person.	1
After a hard day at the university I also had to make dinner that  evening. It failed because of a frying pan which broke.	0
When someone does not listen to me after having asked me to  repeat what I said. This happened more than one time with the  same person.	0
When my friend, as usual, forgot the tickets at home for a  performance.  We missed it.	0
We had come back from a programme and we were all (three girls)     staying over at another girls placce.  One of them started  passing very nasty and outright bitchy remarks at me.  It was  brought on by a male colleague's compliments to me, this girl was  herself interested in this guy.  Bitchiness and catty remarks  made by women never fail to disgust me.  I can particularly  remember this incident as she knew that I had not encouraged the   guy.	1
We had gone to our native village and I went to visit a tribal  group which believes in Goddess Kali.  As it was a festival day they  had to offer a hen to the Goddess so they cut the head off a hen  right in front of my eyes.  I felt disgusted and evenb gave up  eating meat after this incident.	1
Disappointment over a friend.	2
Hearing Fran Wilde introduce the Bill.	3
When my sister was born.	3
A late Saturday night I found myself locked in the central  underground station of Stockholm with a group of 50 hard rockers  who were drunk and equipped with various kinds of chains, etc.	2
Finding out that we cannot have good references because China is  poor.	4
When I insulted my young sister for a very little misconduct of  putting on my shoes. She wrote me an apology letter and the  message she included made me feel guilty.	6
The 2nd time someone I had met cared for came over to my house I  was absolutely inebriated and was sick into a bucket.	5
One day, I was alone on duty when a patient choked while eating.   I ran to her and tried to make her breath, but it was too late.	6
In September 1984 I got two girls pregnant and the families of  both the girls confronted me .  The fact was that my parents were  around and I felt guilty answering some of the questions.	6
Now that the 49ers are winners, the fans are coming out of the  woodwork and jumping on the bandwagon and that disgusts me.	1
When riding in a very fastly-driven car on a lose metal road at a  very late hour - no other cars on road, and driver was taking  corners very sharply. I felt afraid - because if an accident  happened, the area was very isolated. Also, I feared for driver,  after I was dropped off - would he make it home safely.	2
When working in a chemical laundry, I saw rats and maggots in the  washing.	1
I had applied for a job and they had assured me that the exams  would take place a few months later.  A week later I went to  obtain some more information and they told me that the exams had  already taken place.	0
 In some special circumstances l lied to my parents, then felt  guilty so I told them the truth and felt free.	6
When I heard that I had got the best result in school and would  be definately selected to the university of Zambia.	3
My brother wanted money but I refused to give it to him, two days  later he stole it from my father.	6
When I was touring Asia with my present football team, I saw old  Europeans with young asiatic prostitutes.	1
When I dropped a bottle in the state liquor store and everyboby  started laughing.	5
When I thought that it was going to be impossible for me to start  studying (due to wrong information from the student advisor).	4
A good friend deceived me. Because of that little quarrel our  relationship finished, mainly because she was not honest. I was  very angry about that.	0
When my elder sister died.	4
A few days back my mother was not feeling too well and still did  all the house work.  I felt guilty as I had not offered to help.	6
I met intoxicated people with dubious intentions in a back alley  one Wednesday night.	2
When I see that my mother forces my little brother (15 years) to  work very hard for school. I don't agree that she constantly puts  him to work, but I don't tell it to her, so nothing changes.	6
Hit a dog with my car, and didn't stop.	5
When as a 7 year old, I stole money from my mother.	6
I slammed my little brother into a wall because he was bothering  me.	6
When someone I trusted very much, disappointed me.	0
Riding home from school after completing two midterms in two  days, and feeling I did well on them.	3
During military service I heard the story of someone who tried to  commit suicide and as a result of this got a week custody.	1
My grandmother died, and my mother called me one sunday morning  in the Autumn.  The way my mother told me about it, I hated her  at that moment.  She sounded as if she had been waiting for the  death of my grandmother.  I had lost a person close to me.  I  felt guilty too as I had been bad to my grandmother of late.  I had not  remained calm when she no longer understood everything so well.	4
I spoke to my mother on the phone.  She had skin cancer and was  waiting to be operated.  I forgot to ask her the date of the  operation and just before finishing our conversation she gave me  the date in passing. 	6
Sitting in the dorm when the guys were verbally reading letters  in Penthouse.	1
My younger brother and sister were involved in an accident on  their way back from school and my brother was quite badly hurt.	4
When I was accused of having planned my friend's outing at  secondary school (boarding) as we were not allowed to go out.	0
I told evil lies about a close friend of mine.  I was evil in  order to sound jolly, to charm a person whom I wanted to impress.   I sold my friend, I was despicable.	5
Before an exam which I, finally did not take.	2
When my application for studying the masters degree was accepted. 	3
One night,when I was in primary 5 or 6, I felt thirsty so I  fetched the thermos to pour a cup of water for myself.  Then I  saw my brother lowering his head and I, jokingly, poured the        water on his head.	6
Once I answered my father rudely.	5
Badly chosen words to a vague acquaintance of mine made me feel  ashamed at having given the wrong impression about what I wanted  to say.  Thoughtlessness.	5
When I had broken a piece of glass of the refrigerator by putting  a hot pan in it.	6
When I got the midterm exam results, the results were below  average and were near the lowest.  I was scared of the final  exam.	2
When my friend got very low marks in field work even though he  had worked throughout the year, I had this feeling.	1
When I was in a religious school my teacher showed me up in front  of all my class-mates.  They were very sarcastic and cruel.	5
I have once been very sad and lonely.  This was when I was trying  to organize a play as a student (15 years).  Instead of  materializing, it fizzled out.  The worst thing was that the play  fell apart completely and I found myself weeping uncontrollably.   Now when I think of it, I laugh it off; but at that time it was  intense.	4
Two days after the above incident, I was thinking about my  morally shameful act and I felt sorry for that incident, but it  was too late, however I did realize this.	6
As a result of breaking the indicator light as mentioned  for guilt.	2
The day I was nearly stabbed to death by ruffians who wanted to  take my money.  I refused to give them any money and they started  running after me, I ran into somebody else's house to save  myself.	2
When my little sister was sick at home and I thought that she  would die.	2
There is a mad boy in our village. This boy hit me with a raw  paw-paw in the face.	0
I had been watching a triller a dark night in the country and I  had to go the outside toilet on my own. 	2
When my husband got picked up in our new car for drunken driving.  We had made a pact the other would not drink and so therefore  would be the driver for the evening etc. I was not present at the  time.	0
The time I shouted at most of my friends at a party.  It was as if   all my friends had done something wrong, or may be it was the  influence of the beer.	5
On holiday, seeing the lanscape in Gerona.	3
Truely, I got very ashamed when my brother was sent out of  Business Machines Limited Company due to improper handling of the  office equipment in Sales Services.	5
When I was informed that a short story I had written had been  accepted for publication.	3
 The smell of garlic in rush-hour bus.	1
My mother told my uncle who is a Roman Catholic Priest  (Redemptist Father) that I had been living in a de-facto  relationship for three years. He was very, very angry at me.	5
Being insulted in public.	0
I "cooked" the engine in my father's car - it was actually his  fault because he hadn't fixed the temperature gauge or told me.  When I finally got home I was absolutely screamed at and the  anger I experienced was over the injustice of it all plus the  huge row which developed.	0
When I just took a shower with a girl down the hall. I felt that  I had let my devotion to God go out the window. Although nothig  happened I felt ashamed.	5
Going out for dinner, or during one ice-cream and four spoons.	5
When I learnt that a boy I liked had been with a girl for three  years.	4
When my father was ill.	4
My mother, sister and I were thinking about old times, our  childhood, and we had a very happy time.	3
My mother read a letter that a friend of mine had written to me  telling me how she had got drunk the last time.	0
At school - being whipped by the teacher in front of the class.	5
During a dance someone slashed my tires and dumped paint on my  car. I had four other friends with me that I drove and  furthermore it was raining.	0
My friends aren't working for the same common goal we all need to  accomplish.	1
A man spat on the wall of a house.	1
A friend's mother died.	4
When I did not speak the truth.	5
When my mother scolded me and I argued with her.	6
Getting a low grade on a midterm.	5
When I discovered that my girlfriend was going around with  another boy.	0
Last week, my organization summoned an executive meeting and one  of the executive member's pointed out a loop hole in the  committee's administration.  He could not suggest any  improvements, so I quarrelled with him.	0
I received a message that my elder brother was involved in a car  accident and was admitted in hospital.	4
It was in March 1985 when one of my fellow students borrowed my  wristwatch and after sometime he broke a glass of that watch I  got angry when he was telling me but the anger didn't take long  to fade.	0
When I was eight years old my father was run over by a car. When  I saw his body I was sad beyond words.	4
When I was dismissed from a job after having been accused of theft.	5
My husband had gone to drive a strange, broken car.  At the  agreed time, he had not returned, and I feared that he had had an  accident.	2
When I received some good news : I obtained an amount of money I  needed to buy something I had been planning to buy.	3
I was living in rooms in a very lonely, quiet neigbourhood.  During the night it was very silent and this frightened me. The  fact of being alone in that house frightened me.	2
When my dress and a few other things were stolen from my  wardrobe.	0
When I received the first year results as the first year had  involved a lot of work and I was very pleased when I got the  results.	3
The discovery that one has only thought of oneself.	5
That evening when I opened the songbook while I was singing the  song "Those were the days" that guilt feeling became stronger.   The lyrics described well - I was really wrong.  The wish that I  had made was really bad. If she were with me I would really be  happy and we would play happily together like the days in  secondary school and she would not be disappointed and gloomy  because of me.	6
After closing the front door I realized that I had left the key  inside the house. I felt even more guilty since it was not my own  house but the house of people I hardly knew.	6
One night during dinner my nephew was naughty, so I quarrelled with my   parents.   I regreted this as my nephew was only two years old and I   had to tolerate him !  The quarrel made my father think that his children   may not take care of him in the future (it was a slip of the tongue and   this made me realize that my father keeps his thoughts to himself).  I was   still very angry so I dropped my bowl and chopsticks and went to the kitchen   to drink tea and then ran to the other side of the house.	6
A friend was assaulted by a young man on her way home.	1
Finding a hair in the soup.	1
It happened when I still went to school: I got closer to a girl  but I considered it only as an "affair". Only much later I realized  how painful this must have been for the girl.	6
Not collecting letters for my friend al I promised.	6
A dark night when I had to go to the outdoor lavatory.	2
Due to some reasons my boyfriend and I decided to separate.	4
During lunch with some classmates, a priest was also there.  He  was eating desperately as if someone was going to take his plate  away.  He did it with gluttony.  He wiped his hands on his suit  several times and it was full of crumbs.	1
When a discussion resulted in an insult, which in my opinion, was  not justified.	0
I was sad when I heard that my cousin died because of being  bewitched by her husband's second wife.	4
As a child, one evening I had read a novel about ghosts and I had  thus spent a sleepless night as I kept feeling that there were  ghosts dancing around me.	2
Once when I was babysitting for some neighbors children I found  roaches in ther bathroom. I had never seen a roach before but I  called my mother to make sure that's what they were. And she came  over and checked.	1
I saw a terrible accident in which the driver of a motor was  thrown through the frontwindow of a car. His face was completely  away.	1
When I got lost in New York city a late friday night with a  friend of mine.	2
When I pass an examination which I did not think I did well.	3
A friend told me that he had suffered in love and in academics.   I shared his sadness.	4
When I got my results ( I had made it to the second year ).	3
When a friend left me and went back home for good.	4
I had planned a trip to the South during Easter, together with a  friend. She was very sorry when I changed my mind and decided not  to go after all.	6
When the student union leaders were expelled from the university  and we continued to study.	6
Finding out that the university police was afraid to stop the  foreign students playing loud music (China's shame).  	5
I lied to someone and some time later this person found out that  I had not told him the truth.	5
When I get home late my father scolds me and this makes me angry.	0
Had an insulting letter from my father.	0
My friend told me he really likes me.	3
I work at a day care centre, and one day when the children were  outdoors a four-year old boy disappeared from the yard.  I was  not looking after them then, but as the manager it was me who was  responsible.	2
It was my father's birthday party when I was asked to bring a  tray of tea and other drinks.	5
In May 18th, 1984 my boyfriend went to the U.S.A. In December I  was told he passed away. He had cancer of the Oesophagus.	4
I trusted a friend of mine, but she lied to me about something  and this disgusted me.	1
At secondary school, one of my classmates lost her locker key.   During a class I saw two other classmates holding a key and  talking secretly.  I do not know why I suspected them, also  another classmate supported me.  He remembers that these people  had only one key in the key-ring, this had seemed strange to him.   Besides another classmate said that he had seen them selling  books at a book-shop and they should not have had such books.  I  told the teacher and the person was caught.  He had sold the  books and was forced to quit school.  I found that I had not  helped him as he stole later on also.  I felt guilty	6
When I met my girlfriend - I had not counted on that.	3
Slept in a chapel and in the middle of the night I realized that  there was someeone else in the chapel.  I never discovered who  it was and why he was there.	2
Not being chosen for the English lectures (my girl-friend  chosen).	4
I feel ashamed when I act dishonestly toward somebody.	5
At my sister's wedding.	3
When I was denied my favourite dish at the dinning hall (shima  with roast chicken), I felt disgusted.	1
I had a feeling of shame when I found myself unable to answer  some questions from my tutor simply because of a lack of  preparation.	5
While intoxicated I damaged my sister's car in a minor way and  someone elses in a minor way.	6
When I wasn't well prepared for a terminal exam and the teacher  tried to give me a three by asking me some very easy questions. I  burned with shame then.	5
When a relative, who had come to our place, created untidyness  and dirtyness.	0
I got up late and I could not go to my lessons on time.  When I  entered the class room the stare of the teacher and my classmates  made me feel guilty.	6
Lecturers being unfair to me in reports.	4
One day I was walking with my boyfriend. We met my ex-boyfriend  and out of jealousy he started calling me names.	1
When my grandmother passed away.	4
The physical appearance of a meal.	1
When I got married.	3
At my grandmother's detestable and selfish conduct towards my  elder sister, although her behavior was due to senility and lack of  understanding.	1
When I had to lie to my boyfriend so that he wouldn't suspect I'd  bought him a xmas present as expensive as I had.	6
After an exam I was in a very bad mood as I had done it very        badly.  At home, my mother took so long to ask me how things had   gone that I lost my temper.  I overreacted and made my mother cry.  She still prepared lunch for me and did not scold me .  Suddenly,  I thought that it was my fault and I started crying.   	6
A friend prepared a soup with chicken heads and invited me to eat  it. I saw the eyes staring at me and the tongues hanging out of  the bills. I was so disgusted that I felt nausea and had to leave  the room.	1
I faced this feeling when I realized I wasn't admitted to the  institute in the first classifying, in spite of the high mark I  had got at the entrance examination. 	0
I met a friend in a discotheque. he was with a girl and he told  me that she was not his girlfriend.  I, to say something,  commented that she must be a viscious woman.  He then told me  that she was his girl.	5
When I was involved in a car accident last November, after the  first fall of snow.  I lost control of the car and it spun round  and landed on the opposite side of the road, on the hard  shoulder.  It was stopped by a pole on top of a bank sloping down  to a stream.	2
In a film, there was an episode where they used a chain saw to  cut a man.  I could not look at it, but I could not avoid  listening either.  I sought shelter in my boyfriend's arms.	1
Before important sports events.	2
Old man in hospital, hollow-cheeked, only one half of his nose  and glass-eye, rattling breath.	1
I had a discussion with my mother concerning my sister's divorce,  we disagreed strongly.	0
Not being able to spend more time with a friend who was visiting  me.	6
When my ex-girlfriend and I discovered that there was a certain risk  of her being pregnant.	4
I didn't do very well on a midterm and I'm disgusted with myself  because I was prepared and thought I did well.	1
After the interview for admission to the university and before  the admission list was disclosed.  I was scared that I would not  be admitted and my fear lasted for quite some time.  My fear  disappeared only after the list was disclosed.	2
A girl who also hires a room in the house where I live always  tries to make a quarrel with everyone available she disgusts me.	1
I felt guilty when I failed to take an exam though I had had  enough time to read for it but I hadn't made use of it.	6
Joining in a research group studying consumer's behaviour and  helping the people in the shop with the sales.	3
Walking home in the dark from college.	2
I feel disgust when hearing or seeing other people being treated  inhumanely. For example torturing in chili.	1
When on a car journey a fellow student crossed our way with his  own car and we had to bump into a roadside trunk.	0
I went out dancing and found my boyfriend kissing another girl.	0
At the age of 12 years I always had to take care of my little  brother and sister I never could sleep then. I always imagined  creepy men sneaking into our house.	2
When I saw the film "Johnny got his gun" which deals with the  consequences of the Vietnam war.	4
Aticle published.	3
When I told my girlfriend a joke openly and frankly.	3
When I saw the movie "Poltergist".	2
When I almost ran over a small boy who suddenly was in front of  my car.	2
On Christmas eve I went to a classmate's home with other  classmates.  The next morning when I came out of the toilet she  said something and I did not understand what she was saying.   When she pointed at my trousers I discovered that I had forgotten  to zip them up.  I rushed back to the toilet but by the time the  others had guessed what had happened.	5
When my friend needed my help very much and I, at that moment, made  an end to our relationship.	6
When my boss enrolled in a course to satisfy his own ends - to  trample on his associates.  I have the misfortune to have one of  my superiors in my course.	0
When I passed the first examination that I had to repeat.	3
When I stand at the bus stop for one hour waiting for the bus to  arrive.	1
When a friend of mine got drunk and started to blame and scorn my  other friends and me.	1
A truck (big one) nearly mowed me off the road (I was driving a  small Lazer).	2
When my father took away my cherised diaries to burn them (I was  also very sad) "Oh, how I hated him".	0
When I went to see the result of an exam and saw that I had  failed.	4
When my daughter had problems with her friends and I could see  her predicament from the window.  She was given a the cold  shoulder.	4
I had promised to send something to a friend and it completely  slipped my mind.  I felt guilty for having forgotten.	6
Once I was caught by thugs aged between 20-35, they asked me to  surrender all the property I had and I remember feeling very scared.	2
When I passed standard 8 exams I jumped, rolled over the ground.	3
I took Pharmacology books from my friend's desk without  permission and I was found guilty.	6
I met a woman who was looking for our house. She stopped me but I  ran away. When I arrived at home I found the same woman and she  told my parents what had happened so I felt ashamed.	5
Finding out in your lecture that a doctor can make misdiagnoses  because of ignorance in neuropsychology.	2
We were starting a student project, and the teacher we talked to  was very negative and not very helpful.	0
After my car accident, when I woke up in a heap of stones.	2
When my grandfather was sick, and died I felt more sad, though,  when he was sick.	4
My mother had not come home at midnight.  She had forgotten to  tell me about it.  I was very young and all alone at home.	2
When I didn't get a certain job at Lillehammer which I wanted  very much.	4
Before the examn.	2
My friend had many female friends and I thought that they were  his lovers.  I would scold him but he did not accept my advice.   Later I learnt from his girlfriends that this was not true.  I  felt ashamed at having misunderstood him.	5
The day I was forced to use a public convenience place in town.   It was so filthy that it really made me sick.	1
When I was with someone I love.	3
When I got the feeling that I had to do all the housekeeping  while my boyfriend didn't do anything. This happened in a period  of exams when I had to study very hard.	0
Helping older people on the toilet.	1
I was in a restaurant with my boyfriend when I saw my best female  friend after not seeing her for two weeks.  We rejoyced, hugged  and had a long talk.	3
I read a book about torture. The book described exactly how the  torturing was done.	1
When I heard that I had passed Primary School Leaving Certificate  and was selected to go for Secondary education.	3
When I made an excuse to get out of participating in an important  family occasion that I should not have missed.	6
After having quarelled unnecessarily and without any reason, and  having been stupidly cross in every way.	5
Not beeing able to stay with my mother for the National Day  holiday.	6
I was "best man" at my brother's wedding a year ago.	3
In class I had to say something aloud and people reacted  by  laughing.	5
Not doing well in the examn.	5
Before examination.	2
My brother came to tell me about some problems we had in the   family.  I felt sad because I thought that if my mother had not  gone away when this brother was younger, things would have been  different.	4
I wanted to go to a friend of mine who had a party; at the moment  I wanted to leave, my father said I couldn't go because he needed  me for some work in the afternoon.	0
My father died after two very painful weeks in bed. I felt  relieved, and was ashamed of that.	5
This occurred when my girlfriend and I have to finish our  relationship due to some circumstances between her and her  family. I was really sad, hurt and couldn't really find any  reason why am I still living. Is this life is all about ? This  was one of few question which crept up vividly every time I  thought about what had happened.	4
I fell down in the bus when it braked suddenly and everybody  started looking at me.	5
My friend misunderstood me.	0
It was in December last year that I was chosen to come to this  Institution to study as a Medical Assistant.	3
When I came again in contact with a girl I liked very much. And  most important she also liked me.	3
Not being able to argue against class leaders.	5
I was rock-climbing and absailing & felt OK, but suddenly as I  was going over the cliff I was hit by fear - I couldn't go on  absailing down the cliff and had to be actually hauled back up  it.	2
Walking in the dark and thinking about ghost stories.	2
When an acquaintance (he was drunk) of my room-mate vomitted on the kitchen  carpet.  It was past mid-night and my room-mate had just moved in,  this acquaintance had helped her move in. 	1
I wanted to get rid of a bad habit and it seemed that I had  succeeded.  However a year later I got the bad habit again.  I felt   useless as I always found excuses to explain my behaviour.  As a result I  felt guilty.	6
Telling my parents that I did not get into a good university.	6
When a very dirty class-mate farted in my  presence.  There was a  terrible smell.	1
Once I was very frightened at night as I had a very fearful and  terrifying dream, I could not go back to sleep for a long time.	2
A sister broke a cup and when mother asked I was reported to have  been responsible.	1
Saw someone spitting in public.	1
I joked with an unfamiliar friend in an obstinate tone.  I was  afraid of his misunderstanding me and being hurt and angry at me.   I felt sorry over my conduct and thought that I had to find an  opportunity to apologize.	6
When it suddenly appeared that our dog was dangerously ill and  probably would die. We had not expected this because he  was always very healthy. Fortunately he survived because we, in turn,  gave him medicines during the night.	4
When my dad passed away.	4
After shouting at a friend.	5
I was watching a movie alone - it was a horror movie. The music  was a deep pulsing type - not really music. And a light flashed  on and off. It was in the complete darkness of a movie theatre  that was almost empty.	2
I saw a friend's husband with another woman.	1
Haven't been frightened for ages.	2
I am not especially good at English, and after the high school  graduation exam in English I tensely waited for the result the  whole day.  In the evening, when I heard that I had done  excellently, I became very happy and the anxiety vanished.  My  family was at home.	3
When I first came to the campus.	3
I was filled with joy when I heard that I had been selected for a  University course.	3
The time I was threatened with expulsion from secondary school (form  four).	2
Found out that my grandmother might have been misdiagnosed as a  psychiatric patient because the doctor did not know about  neurologism.	4
One day during our clinical practices, we had a very ill patient.  Unfortunately the patient passed away. I had seen him dying and  it was the first experience. During the night I became afraid  fearing the dead body.	2
When I had exams a relative of ours, who lives in another city, came to visit us and I felt disgusted at him.	1
I was ashamed one day when we were found stealing and roasting  maize cobs from Agricultural experimental projects.	5
In a flat in Sydney - rough area at home on my own - the flat had  been burgled the night before and no way of locking the door.	2
The last time I was face to face with with the monstrous dog  which lives in my street.	2
Some people were unfairly treated, because of their  nationality/colour.	1
When I got the loan for my studies.	3
I was overwhelmed with joy when I received the acceptance letter  to UNZA.  This happened again when I passed all my first year  courses.	3
Risk of being involved in a fight after a party.	2
Some boys boasting about their ability to tell dirty jokes.	1
You told me psychology can help people to be happier.	3
I felt anger at my last exam, I felt angry with our teacher,  because he did not rate me objectively and I failed.	0
When during a social evening with my father, brother, sister,  close friend and my father's 2nd wife - I had an argument with my  father, who abused my friend who was sticking up for me.	0
I ran over my dog with a bicycle when I was carrying him tied to  the handle bar.	6
When I shot a bird in the head with a shotgun.	6
I was on vacation, and therefore I did not attend a meeting of  the day care centre.  Nevertheless, the very day I came back they  called me early morining to ask me "what are you going to do  about the matter ?" (which had been discussed in the meeting).   Then I got angry.	0
When I saw a big spider from very close.	1
Fear - paralysing - that I would not be accepted by the God who I  believed to be there because I was "morally bankrupt" (before  becoming a Christian and realising that that was why Christ came to  free us from sin and to forgive us).	2
A close friend of mine had not contacted me for a long time.	4
When an acquaintance of mine beat up another person for no just  reason, and thus showed off his power.	0
In the dark an unreal figure formed by a shadow.	2
When I was a child I broke plates because I wasn't given food on  the grounds of coming home late.	1
When I went home by train from Sicilia, I was molested by a man.	1
People not cueing in the college dining room.	1
When I was a Sr. in HS. one of the class counselors died of  hepatitis. She was very sensitive. She knew my shyness and drew  me out to improve myself image. I missed her funeral - so I could  not publically grieve. My parents didn't understand.	4
I was afraid when I learnt that my father was seriously ill in  hospital.	2
When I called my boyfriend he asked me if I would live with him.	3
One evening, in the tramway, I was afraid of two drunk men  molesting my girlfriend and me.	2
I was at home and we were sleeping when we heard some robbers  breaking into our house.	2
When I went to see the doctor and had to take my clothes off so  that he could examine me.	5
When the N.Z. rugby union announced that they would proceed with  a rugby tour of South Africa.	1
When I entered the dissection room for the first time and was  exposed to preserved dead human bodies.	2
At primary school the teacher caught me cheating during a  dictation.	2
A letter from my boyfriend began in such a way that I thought he  was going to end our relationship. I was afraid of reading the  rest.	2
My brother told me that a person (whom I know) had insulted him.   I am very fond of my brother, and as he himself can not get angry  or hurt, my protectiveness was aroused and I got angry.	0
When I began to read a thick book, which I had a limited time to  read.  Also when I have a lot of work to do and I cannot keep up.	4
I broke off with my partner as I wanted him as a friend and not  as a lover.  He reacted very violently and I felt guilty as I  had made him so desperately unhappy.	6
I had gone to see one of our professors about a book, and I did not   attend the class she took a few minutes later. 	6
One afternoon, helping at home on the property, I was  (mustering) getting in cattle and a bull turned and came for me.	2
Your prejudice against psychology students and education students  (not allowing us to go to the medical university lectures).	0
I thought of myself as being clumsy when I made love for the  first time with a girl.	5
I was disgusted when my little sister had been hit badly by her  friends.	1
My roommate boasting about her English lectures.	1
Two years ago my best friend died in an accident, just a day  before my birthray.  We were very close to each other and I felt  very sad at loosing a close friend.	4
In the tram there was a fat, sickly looking woman in front of me  who was asking for directions in a thick voice.  When she got up to  go a disgusting smell of urine came from her.  I felt that I  would choke.	1
When I spoke to my daughter and wished her luck for the  examinations she was about to take.	3
During my Summer vacations I planned a carnival for the community  youth center with a few other volunteers.  I was the head of the  organizors and we spent over a month planning it.  During this  period we got to know and understood each other.  We  discovered each others potential and we planned many interesting  things for the carnival.  The day of the carnival everything was  bright, the programmes went well and the attendants enjoyed it.   I felt extremely excited about it.	3
A friend of mine shot himself through the head after having told  me and others that he would do so.	6
My inability to assert myself positively in a group.	5
Right now I volunteer at a hospital. Yesterday, Halloween, I  dressed up as a doctor and went to work. The volunteer  coordinator told me after my shift that it was dangerous to have  done what I did.	1
When I failed two subjects last year.	4
We had to take our cat to the vet for mercy killing (an  injection).	4
I met a girlfriend again after not seeing her for several months.   I saw her in a discotheque.  We do not like discotheques but we  went there because we knew we would meet there.	3
Taking part in the mobbing of some girls in my class in primary  school.	5
Insulted by some stupid people.	0
When I met an old schhol friend (school love) who works in  Sk+vde.	3
I had a cousin whom I loved so much. Unfortunately she passed  away suddenly and one time I had a dream in which I was talking  to her yet she is dead.	2
When my mother died.	4
A drunken man forced me to kiss him.	1
It was during the beginning of the term. I had K100 and kept it  in my handbag. I left the handbag in the wardrobe but didn't  lock it. Next time I found that K30 were stolen.	0
I slapped my sister's daughter and after several hours, she had a  high temperature and she ended up being admitted in hospital.	6
I felt angry at one time when I was chatting with friends and  suddenly another friend joined us and started opposing any  comment I added to our chatting.	0
I had promised myself that I would do one good deed every day.   One night I saw a beggar whose muscles had been atrophyed.  I  walked passed him thinking that he was feigning.  Later I  realized that he had not been pretending and I had a feeling of  guilt as I had not kept my promise.	6
One day I was going through the street door of my house, when a  man asked me for a doctor.  He then showed me his genitals and  asked me to cure him myself.	1
My parents do not like my friend and told me not to go out with  him.	0
A certain person whom I respect and esteem a lot pays me no  attention.  She keeps up appearances but shows almost no interest  in me.	4
Some foreign students playing loud music late at night.	1
When one individual takes advantage of and/or injures another  relatively defenseless individual, consciously. I feel disgust  mingled with anger. A person on my dorm floor verbally assaulted  another person for having a certain religious belief.	1
Finding out my name on the list for English lectures.	3
When I discovered that the girl I was courting was a relative of  mine.	6
I feel disgust towards those who are responsible for the death of  others.	1
I got into an argument with a photographer for whom I had to pose  twelve times, over  a period of four weeks, before I could get a  snap of mine.  Every time the film was processed my snap did not  come out although the others did.	0
The death of Jaya Prakash Narayan caused a great deal of sadness  as I believed that he was the only true democrat and a ray of  hope on the Indian horizon.	4
The time I knocked a deer down - the sight of the animal's  injuries and helplessness.  The realization that the animal was  so badly hurt that it had to be put down, and when the animal  screamed at the moment of death.	1
When I lied at home.   I told them that I was going to a  Christian meeting and I went to see my boyfriend instead.	6
In Sweden, a friend and I lived in an appartment owned by a Finn.   One day, this man came back to the appartment heavily drunk  (hashish and alcohol).  He was quite dizzy and he broke down, and  I could not foretell his reactions.  However, nothing happened.	2
I had joined a youth group that observed the affairs of our  community and so I had many opportunities to contact the  government and the committee members of the district board (a  local executive structure).  We always tried to consult and  discuss with them, but we found that such people did not  understand community affairs and they even dampened our  enthusiasm in local affairs.  I did not understand why they had  decided to work as community leaders.	1
When I was young my mother told the neighbour that I had wet the  bed.  I felt ashamed thinking that the neighbour's children would  get to know about it.	5
When I received my U.E. accredited as I was totally unexpecting  it and I was so happy.	3
Did not do what I promised to do for a friend.	6
When I was in P3 I was always punished as I would forget to do my  homework.  The first time that I was punished and not allowed to  leave school, I slipped out of school.	6
When I entered the dissecting room for the first time. I think I  felt disgusted mainly because of the bad smell of formaline.	1
Not doing well in the examn.	5
Sleeping alone in a tent, while hearing several noises such as  rustling etc, I am afraid that there are people who are up to no  good.	2
When I see people who have no sentiments.	1
When I passed an exam which I had failed last year.	3
The sadistinc exacution of a student in the USA.	1
I promised my friends that I would take care of something, but I  kept forgetting about it.  When they asked me about it, I  promised to do it immediately.  However, I got started only after  a couple of months.  I felt that I had betrayed my friends.	6
When I was detained one day in school, by the vice-principal, for  indiscipline.	5
I feel disgusted when people do not understand me in the right  way, i.e they misunderstand me.	1
When my ex-boyfriend and I separated.	4
Being with a close friend, in the city, who was involved at the  present point in time in outrageous activity.	5
When I nearly got my fiancee pregnant.	6
When the result of the certificate exam was announced.  I was  surprised and happy as the result was better than I had  expected.	3
I took french leave to do my homework.	6
In an important situation for me, my father behaved inadequately.	5
When I got my B.A degree with first class.	3
When climbing up the stairs to the top of a ski-jumping hill.	2
My classmate at TISS has the habit of biting his nails and ever  since my childhood I have never liked this habit.  This person is  near me in class, dining hall and the campus so I suggested that  he should stop biting his nails.  However he found it difficult  and my disgust feelings have not changed.	1
While I was away for the weekend some friends went into my room  and played my very expensive stereo without asking me or my  roommate.	0
Getting to know that my uncle in America had a brain tumor.	4
A friend of mine tried to persuade me to go at her place to act  as a model because she felt too tired. It was a quarter of an  hour before the appointed time, I had just lied down and did not  want to go because it was too late anyway. She said that I only  was talking about looking for work, but if it was possible I  would not accept it. I was angry about this unjust judgment.	0
I experienced this emotion when my friend committed suicide after  we had spent the afternoon playing and discussing life and it's  problems.	4
I felt ashamed when my parents found out that I had deceived  them.	5
A few weeks back my daughter had very high fever and I was scared  that it might lead to brain damage or convulsions.	2
I took part in a football match. The referee was extremely  partial to the opposite team. This stirred up my discontent and  anger.	0
When I heard that someone who is very close to me did very well  in the exams despite having fooled around a lot.	3
Climbing a mountain, I got stuck and realized I could get neither  up nor down.	2
I got better marks in the examn than many arrogant people.	3
Going out with another girl besides my girlfriend and not telling  her.	6
It was when I stepped on a python (snake) unknowingly while it  was sleeping near a baobab tree.	2
In a discussion the leader wanted to stop because she was of the  opinion that we were not involved and she misjudged our reactions  as negative. We however only posed several questions which she  couldn't answer.	0
Doing something wrong at home, and then letting my (normally)  more rampant brother take the blame.	6
When I realized that I did not have the basic things needed by a  student like me.	4
When I was selected to come here.	3
When I had my children.	3
When I got caught in the pouring rain last Thursday and did not  have a raincoat on me.	0
I took some money from my parent's house without asking them for  it, and I was caught red handed.	6
When I found out that my good friend and roommate did not pay the  phone bill and electric bill like he promised and let me down.	0
Mentioning a book to the person who borrowed it.	6
Saw an arrogant girl walking pass by.	1
On a trip to Santander we wanted to stop at a curve because a  friend was sick, and the car skidded of the gravel.	2
One night, my boyfriend expressed his love for me in the canteen in  the presence of my friends by giving me a present.	3
I felt very guilty when I tried to teach swimming to my younger  brother, as I myself could not swim very well and my brother  had started sinking to the bottom, however my elder brother  saved him.	6
Before I had a tooth pulled out.  I was very upset and ill.	2
When I went to a disco with a friend I started behaving badly  embarrassing him without reason.	5
When I heard that my nephew had passed away.	4
I had a picnic with old classmates, we chatted and played games.	3
When I realized that I could not communicate properly with my  closest friend.	4
When my sister died in a fire accident at home.	4
I passed my MCE Examination. at first I was worried but when I  heard my name I had joy in my heart and I arranged for a trip to  attend a wedding ceremony.	3
I was listening to a priest in church saying how sinful man was,  and how all men should renounce their desires and pleasures to  please God. I could never understand how something that brings you  joy could be a sin.	1
When I saw the certificate results, I did not feel very happy as I  did not realize that I had got all the credits until my  classmates pointed it out to me.  My parents and my relatives  praised me and I realized that my results were good i.e 2A, 5B,  2C.  I felt satisfied with the results and was happy.	3
The death of my guardian with whom I had stayed when I did my  grade six.	4
Insulted by disgusting people.	0
When I heard a rumour that the 1st year exam results were out. I  had fear that I might be one of the failures.	2
I was said to be responsible for my mother getting ill and  growing thin. I did not realize that it really was my fault until  several weeks later.	6
My classmate got a "B" for his homework while I only got a "C".   When we got the results he acted as if he did not merit this  grade.  I found that his humility was hypocritical and I found it  disgusting.	1
At my grandfather's funeral - My grandparents virtually raised me  as my mother was a solo-parent and had to work.	4
I was walking along a subway when I saw a group of louts.  I was  rather afraid because I was alone.	2
One day I did not feel very well and I wanted to talk to  somebody. A friend invited me for dinner and I was very glad.	3
My father told me in the letter that my mother is ill.	4
My illness a few years back.  I was sevely down with malaria and  asthma, I had lost my health, charm and cheerfulness completely.	2
The last time I felt sad and disappointed was when I did not do  as well as I had hoped in one of the final exams.  As compared  with the earlier exams, the questions, I think, were unjust.	4
A shop in Downtown wouldn't accept my Visa Card - before December  last year.	0
An incident occurred to me when I was going home with my  girlfriend. On the way, a man named Banda grabbed my girlfriend  in my presence. I was really angry with him and as a result I  threw stones at him and he ran away.	0
When I was in a Christian institution, sometimes the nuns would  send back the people who came to visit us when it was not the  visiting hours.  This disgusted me.	1
I felt that I contributed to a possible rift in the relationship  between a boy and girl soon to be married, in my flat after I  moved in. After stating my celibacy to him which she overheard  and didn't previously know about I suspect.	6
When I attended my cousin's 31st birthday.	3
Had an argument with my classmate for borrowed books.	0
The teacher of one course gave me 10 questions with sub-questions  going from a to e for each question.  She asked me to do all this  in one and a half hours.  It involved a lot of describing and  explaining and even though I knew all the answers, I could not  finish the work.	1
Afraid of a dead body.	2
Before one of my final exams of the third year - natural  sciences.	2
When I came to know that my father and his parents were : self  interested, dirty, negative, egoist, bad peolpe,......	1
Finding out about Chinese money cannot buy foreign journals.	5
I awoke at night and did not remember dreaming about antthing in  particular.  I just felt oppressing fear, it was dark and all the  others were sleeping.	2
The day I left my first girlfriend.	4
When I learned that a relative had been spreading rumours about  me.	1
I was given a wristwatch by my first girl and after two days  another girl of mine also gave me a wristwatch.	2
I received an unexpected letter from a friend I had met a short  time before.  He sent me a poem and wished me good luck.  I felt  very happy because I had great esteem for that person.	3
When I was not accepted as a student in finance and accounting.	4
I had lunch with my ex-boyfriend and did not mention it to my  fiancee.  I felt guilty despite the fact that I felt nothing for  my ex-boyfriend.	6
News was spread that I had been found doing sexual intercourse  with a small girl. At first this annoyed me but later on I became  ashamed because many people seemed to believe it.	5
When I approached a person of the opposite sex and was rejected.	5
When my mother returned from a holiday, I told her a lie i.e my  father had brought another woman home while she was away.	6
I received money from my father at a time when I was completely  broken.	3
After hearing about the death of my grandfather.  First I could  not believe it, but later I wept and felt the situation was  hopeless.  I felt lonely and wanted to be consolated.	4
I saw a program on T.V where they had to saw a skull for an         operation.	1
Once when I was walking alone at mid-night, I happened to put my  foot on a frog, as it felt smooth I thought that it was a snake   and I felt afraid.   	2
After waiting impatiently for the results of the form 5  examinations for almost a year, at last I received a letter of  acceptance from the Senate of the university of Zambia telling  me that I had made it to the first year course at UNZA.	3
I was alone and someone tried to break in from our back door.	2
When I was offered a place in the university as a full time  student.	3
When during Winter the water pipes froze and we did not have any  water for two days.	0
When my beloved grandfather died.	4
I felt fear when I fell down and broke my leg into pieces and I  could not feel it at all.	2
When I was cycling past a parked car someone opened the door and  nearly pushed me off my bike and into the traffic.	2
One Saturday afternoon, I deliberately dressed up nicely (I had  been in a bad mood of late).  I hoped to go for a walk in the  soft sunlight to try and uplift my spirits.  When I was having  lunch in the canteen, two of my male classmates asked me as to  why I was dressed so nicely (they had seldom joked with me  before).  One of them said that he had a lounge suit and we would  look very nice if we wore them together.	3
Someone spread rumours about me.	0
Motor failure on a boat outside Gottenburg when we were in heavy   seas and the wind was strong.  As we could not steer the boat we  drifted towards the rocks.  We did not succeed in attracting the  attention of any passerby until 4 hours had elapsed.	2
When I took a small boy's share of choclale.  He was our guest  and so had been given a larger share of the sweets.	6
One day, when I was twelve years old, my brother took some slimy  substance swimming on the surface of a pot of vinegar made of  cider and threatened to throw it at me.	1
In a course I thought that I deserved good marks but I only got  ordinary marks with no justification as to why I was given these  marks.	0
My mom told me not to gamble, but I did anyway. Sometimes I would  even take some money from my parents and brother. She found out  and yelled at me.	6
When  first came to CAL I went to a rally on Sproul and I later  learned that the rally was conducted by the Moonie cult. They  were taking pictures at the rally, so I was afraid that they  would circulate the pictures and then kidnap people. I did not  know how the cult worked. I was scared.	2
I was drinking a glass of wine and eating something when there  suddenly appeared pictures about the famine in some parts of  Africa.	5
When I was insulted by a man.	0
Once when I was studying for my examination, I was asked to do  some work which was unavoidable.	1
During my last exam.	0
My girlfriend gave me the mitten (left me).	4
In the past I used to think that my mother was a very nagging  person.  When I started living at the hostel we had little time  to meet each other.  Whenever I went home she would take care  of me.  I gradually realized that what she had done was for my  own good.  So very time I saw her I felt guilty.	6
My current work load is too much.  The feeling comes back from  time to time.	4
When I made an end on a relationship after three years.	5
Once when I had started to write a paper, there was a phone  call for me.  I had to go downstairs to receive it and after the  conversation I discovered that all the information had  disappeared from my mind.	1
When I behaved improperly - fought in a public place.   Afterwards, I felt guilty about my conduct.	6
People talking in an important lecture.	1
When I tripped while getting on a bus.	5
Thinking of the unknown, what happens at the moment of death,  etc.	2
When I heard my sister got in a bad car accident.	4
The death of an animal we had reared.	4
Can't describe any disgust situation.	1
Before the first examn.	2
At school a classmate who was a very good pupil had to help  another boy who performed less well. He told him on purpose the  wrong things so that he had to repeat a year.	1
I was swimming in the river and I lost the top of my bikini.  I  did not notice it and came out of water.  There was a  disagreeable classmate watching the scene.	5
When a friend, who has been with me at school, failed to make it  to UNZA.	4
Once I had to clean a lavatory which was obstructed.  It was in a  friend's country house and there was nobody there to help me.	1
Getting back my math midterm, I received a lower grade than I  thought I would get. After going through the questions I felt  that the grader had graded harshly and I had made only a few ?  errors.	1
I was dominated by a certain person and even though I knew it I  could not change my own reactions.	1
I felt guilty of having suspected my room-mate of stealing the  money last term.	6
When I got to know the details if the famine in East Africa.	1
When I cheated my trusting girlfriend by telling her that I was a  qualified doctor and later she found out that I was only a  medical student at the preclinical level.	6
Finding out that life span in China is shorter than in the West.	4
When I failed an exam for which I knew that I had not studied  hard enough.	6
Once I bought my sister a pair of sports shoes as she was going  to join an athletic meet.  However the shoes were a little big  and had a few flaws.  She muttered all the way and blamed me for  having wasted her money anf I felt guilty.	6
When someone I was close to became a paranoid schizophrenic and I  was unable to see this person because of the situation.	4
There was a cup final match between Limbe Leaf Wanderers and  Silver Strikers and someone promised to give me some money for  admission fee to watch this game. Unfortunately he did not give  me.	0
I insulted my friend for a small reason and after time I realised  that I was wrong and felt ashamed; everytime I meet her I feel  ashamed.	5
When my husband lied to me, tricked me and when I had to leave my  home.	4
Joy at meeting a woman I love very much.	3
Not applicable to myself.	2
My son passed grade 7 and was accepted for form I.	3
I promised to join a meeting but did not turn up as I did not  want to do the work.	6
Had a letter from my father (usually he does not write to me).	3
This was when one of the Clinical officers scolded us in the  hospital on how to make beds but we did not deserve to be  scolded.	5
My girlfriend who had spent 6 months abroad broke off our  relationship by letter.	4
I had an appointment with someone at a certain time. The other  person didn't appear.	0
During the Chinese lessons a student often showed off. Moreover  he misbehaved and dressed very badly.  So disgusting !	1
A patient, to whom I had given a powerful medicine, shouted at me  in front of many people.  I realized that he did so because he  was very ill.	5
I was sexually assaulted one night by a stranger.	2
When I came home late one day. I was afraid I would be shouted at  by my parents.	2
When being made look a fool by the teacher in front of the class  during a turn.	0
I was raped once when I went through a dark alley at the back of  our house. The man pushed me in the bushes. I fought back and  succeeded to escape.	2
When I had beaten my auntie.	6
When I was with a girl who seemed to love me, while I was with  her just to go to bed with her.	6
A friend doesn't let me study when I want to. She doesn't feel I  need to study and doesn't understand how important studying is to  me. I get very angry with her.	0
I was going away, leaving a dear person behind.	4
Anatomy lesson and told we have to do it at night sometimes.	2
This happened when I was in the 10th standard.  The paddy crops  were in a bad shape as it had not rained and there was no water  in the well, so I was in a very sad mood.  I came to the  conclusion that I would ignore the paddy field, just 12 hours  after this it rained for one hour.  This was a very tense time  and the rain brought me tremendous pleasure.	3
For the above: guilt at not living up to my own moral  expectation, guilt for not being the type of person my patents  wanted, guilt for just about bloody everything, just realising  that I have failed drastically in my own eyes.	6
I became very angry with my friend because he didn't do shopping,  while we agreed on him doing this. My being angry was proved to be  without reason and I felt guilty about it.	6
When one has neglected or been unjust to a good friend.	6
This monday I took a Math 1BS test and flunked for the second  time.	4
The day I woke up to find that a kitten I had wanted to keep had  been eaten by the neighbour's dogs.  It had been locked out by my  wife who claimed that it had dirtied the sheets.	4
When the girl I loved turned me down.	4
I was to meet one of my friends (girl) at the library at 8:00  already dark. She would be walking alone. She was 45 minutes late  but I kept waiting, calling her room and other places she could  have been.	2
When I met a very close friend of mine after one year of  separation.	3
A younger brother of a good friend of mine died (asthma).	4
Finding out that I made a stupid mistake in the examn.	2
A railways officer, when asked by the ticket checker to produce  his tickets, got very aggressive and started abusing and using  his authority in a very wrong way.	1
With an alcoholic.	1
Birth of children.	3
When I pulled a chair from under someone at kindergarten and he  hit his head.	6
When a drunkard, in town yelled at me saying that I was a  prostitute.	1
Taking a chemistry midterm.	2
The day the Real Madrid team of basket ball qualified for the  final at Athens.	3
My 80 year old grandfather underwent three successive operations  during a single year.  The third operation was risky and I was  scared that he would die and feared that my grandmother would be  very sad.	2
Failed to keep an appointment.	6
While watching TV (a war movie), I felt a strong fear of death,  threat and fear of loosing people close to me.	2
When I was the South Koreans on the TV.	1
Foreign students playing loud music in the night before the  biology examn.	1
Someone who was speeding was forced to slow down when I pulled  out onto the road and proceeded to abuse me at the next set of  traffic lights.	0
When they gave away my dog to other people without my knowledge.	4
I went to go get a bike innertube fixed. I fixed it and I was  supposed to pay previously but I didn't. I said I would after I  fixed the tire. After fixing the tire, the salesperson who helped  me was gone so I walked out of the store without paying. I felt  guilty so I went inside and paid for the tire.	6
I feel disgusted at not having got aa "A" in yesterday's  practicals of G220.	1
When my honest intentions were marred by another's jealousy.	4
I told a lie about someone to someone else and they found out    and questioned me about it.	5
Got in touch with earlier friends after a long absence.	3
By mistake I took a book from the library which was not supposed  to be loaned out.	6
On my birthday, when I was given my presents.	3
When I made acquaintance with the parents of my boyfriend for the  first time. They spoke Limburgian (a dutch dialect) and one of my  first remarks was that I disliked Limburgian dialect.	5
I was angered by a classmate who poured soup on to my clothes. He  was trying to use a short-cut method in getting his supper.  Coming behind my back, he wasn't noticed by me and as I was  retreating from a hungry congested people I knocked his plate  with my head. He didn't accept being wrong but blamed me for  pouring his soup.	0
At school teacher for not allowing us to go out on New Year's Eve  when on a class trip overseas.	0
When a teacher though pretending to be a highly cultivated  teacher and a man, slapped a classmate of mine in the face quite  undeservedly.	0
When a student accused me of having stolen his textbook  as he  had found a form bearing my name in his other books and all my  explanations fell on deaf ears.	1
Making an unexpected talk with a professor in the canteen. This  made me shy.	5
I received an assignment back, and got an A+ grading.	3
I was running in front of a crowd when I slipped and fell on a  wet lawn.	5
Cheating to get the best grade on a test in 7th grade.	5
I have chosen to put my son in a private school were the  examination marks are low.  Every time that he gives me his term  results I am left with a sense of guilt.	6
My grandfather died, I went to the mortuary and saw the corpse.	4
I had a dream in which I was an African elephant.	2
I had asked the Salvation Army to take away a piece of furniture  of mine, but I forgot to cancel the agreement (a friend of mine  took it) and I thereby caused the Salvation Army people some  unnecessary work.	6
While working as a domestic helper, one day I had not cleaned up  very well and they made a remark about it.	5
Listening to the opening bars of Tchaikovsdy's symphony No.2  fourth movement at my sister's wedding.	3
I was reading in the paper the feature on Henry Lucas who claims  to have killed 380 people. He was a recreational killer and a  necrophiliac and zoophiliac. He has raped and beaten many women  and killed men too.	1
When I saw hundreds of snakes twisting over one another in a  movie.	1
When I crashed by bike into an old lady crossing a road and  knocked her down.	6
This is one feeling I never betray, but I must confess that the  last time I slighty felt happy was when I passed my M.A with a  high rank.  This was a few years ago when my friend told me about  the result.	3
I cannot remember a situation in which I felt ashamed. I was  eating with some people and a little boy I took care of. I warned  him often not to knock down his glass of mild. When I took  out his chair I knocked down my own glass.	5
When I was house-hunting: Another person got a flat that I would  have liked, too, because he heaped a floot of words on the  letter.	0
Some friends and I were having lunch.  Someone said something  funny and one of the guys started laughing and spat his food in a girl's  face.	1
When I won the first prize in a cross country race.	3
Disgust for a person who treated me badly, and has treated other  people similarly - including lying, hiding facts, being  deceitful, unfair, etc.	1
Once again, my life partner came back home drunk at midnight.	1
Not brave enough to take up a challenge in a group discussion.	5
When my boyfriend took me to his father's grave.	4
When my sister had the opportunity to do some modelling work. And  I was quite jealous - later on the photographer decided not to  take her photograph, and she was very upset - I felt guilty as a  result, almost as if I had caused her to lose her opportunity, by  not being genuinely happy for her in the first place.	6
When I was responsible for getting my friend run-out in a vital  cricket match.	6
When my father passed away.	4
When a few girls were talking rubbish about me.	0
One day, when I was a child, my grandmother shut me up in a room.	0
When I learnt that my best friend had failed the exams.	1
I complained about a colleague's behaviour as she goes back on  her word, is often absent and is irresponsible.  I found out that  she was an alcoholic and was trying to fight againt her  addiction.	5
Getting into this university to do medicine.	3
A large german shepherd dog ran and barked at me (he didn't bite  fortunately).	2
When my boyfriend came form Rumphi to Lilongwe for a visit I was  very happy to see him and couldn't believe it was him with me.	3
I was caught stealing a box of matches in the supermarket and had  to plead guilty.	6
When I was successful at my work I was full of joy.	3
Some boys talking about nicknames of the lecturers, and I was too  afraid of them to stop them.	6
When I gave birth to a child and saw that it was normal when it  was put against my breast.	3
When I argue with my sister.  It feels sometimes that I have the  upper hand and I use it.  I often argue better and this makes her  terribly angry.	6
My sister lost one of her twin sons (my first nephews) and then  the older one died a week later.	4
A good friend of mine who is at the moment in a foreign country.  I didn't write her for several months and now I feel guilty.	6
Being bored in school, not being able to marry and have children.	4
Once, my friend and I went to the Tai 60 to cycle.  My mother had  told me not to go.  Unfortunately I broke my pectoral girdle and  had to go to hospital.  When my mother  came to see me I felt  guilty as I had not listened to her and I had to soon sit for a  public examination.	6
When I purposely locked my babysitter out of the house at age 4  because I DIDN'T LIKE HER.	5
Once at midnight, I was working alone at office and the phone  suddenly rang.	2
One day I was busy day dreaming along the road and suddenly I  heard the sound of jamming car braked behind me. I woke up from  my dreams and it was about to crash me.	2
When I wanted to talk to someone I liked and whom I have been  told likes me (by his brother and even by himself) however he  avoids any confrontation, and is vague.	0
When I found out that I can travel with my best friend.	3
I was playing a sport in an advanced PE class and many of the  people were not advanced.	1
Two guys were fighting murderously and I feared that one of them  would be killed.	2
At the age of 16 I had gone to see a film in a nearby village,  about 8 kms  from my home.  I started walking as there was no  bus.  I had to cross hills and as it was dark I could not  identify the path.  Half way through it started raining and as  there was no shelter I ran four kms to reach home.	2
When someone pointed out that I was proud, yet I didn't dress up  properly. This was when I and my friend went for a dnce one  Saturday.	5
Not getting a job.	4
When my last relation broke up.	4
Finding out that the girl I like does not like me.	4
When my grandmother after staying with us for awhile went back  home.	4
Once my friend and I got into into a hot discussion on a very  controversial topic.  At one point of the argument I disagreed  with her totally and I took what she was saying as an insult.  So  I couter-argued and unknowingly hurt her emotionally, I felt very  sad about this.	4
An officer at the Dean of students office had promised me to give  me a room the next day, but he failed to keep his promise.	1
When I got drunk at a party and made a fool of myself by  vomitting all over the place and insulting the people who were  there with me.	5
When I had to move away from home to study, and I knew that I  would not be coming back home for a long time.	4
My mother carried on using mental pressure concerning something  which was serious and a real burden to me.	0
Recently a good friend only called me when he needed something.  He never said "please" or "thank you" or any other kind word.	0
When my son returned from mountaineering - healthy in body and  soul.	3
I told someone that I still had a relationship with a boy  although it was finished already 3 months before. That person  seriously discussed several things relating that issue. Then I  felt very miserable because I had told lies.	6
When I wore a grotesque figure hanging down my back.	5
Political and military trnsgressions around the world, generally  speaking. This cannot be described through this questionaire.	1
When I was working in Delhi, I had gone alone to see the hostel  where I would be residing.	2
When I was taking the 11th standard exam, my friend who was sitting  behind me asked me for some answers.  The teacher looked at us  just then and scolded both of us.  Everyone started looking at us  and I felt very guilty.	6
When my cousin passed away unexpectedly and tragically (a  murder).	4
When thieves broke into my house at night and held my wife and me  on gun-point for at least ten minutes and took away a lot of  property.	2
My father stayed abroad for one year. He does not like to write  letters because he makes ortographic mistakes. I never had a good  relation to him. He wrote me a letter in which he said that he  loved me.	3
When I saw a few people beating a man who seemed to be a  stranger.	0
My love and me rented a room in a hotel one evening.  We stayed  there a few hours and when leaving the hotel, I felt ashamed.	5
I felt happy at the settlement of our marriage, even though we  are from different socio-linguistic backgrounds our parents  agreed to the wedding without any conflict or discussion.  We had   thought that they would object to the wedding but it did not happen. 	3
Before I moved away from home, I feared leaving.	2
I received an unexpected B+ on an engineering midterm. I did not  study nearly as much as I should have and it was a difficult  test.	3
I was given a gift by my sister. There were many pleasant things  in this parcel.	3
A new gas connection was to be installed and the mechanic who came  to do it was very rude to my mother and me.  I rushed to thhe  dealer with my mother and had a fight with the dealer as he  seemed to be unreasonable and was taking the mechanic's side.   Ultimately the matter was resolved after my father went and spoke  to him.  The mechanic was asked to apologize.	0
I ride my motorbike in my village and everyone stares at me as if  I was a rare specimen.	5
That I didn't want my friend to leave on holiday for 10 days  because I thought I would miss him. I was constantly trying to  persuade him.	6
I was walking down a road and suddenly a few dogs appeared at a fence  and started barking angrily.  They were jumping and it seemed  that they would come for me any time.	2
When I was attacked by a teenage boy and had my wallet stolen.	2
A person died (not really a friend).	4
Reunion with my wife after a legal separation.	3
I get disgusted with the inherent racist attitudes of my  brother-in-law in putting down various ethnic groups and also my  unwillingness to challenge him about these attitudes in order to  keep the peace.	1
Not getting the class paper in time for the lecture.	6
I found some worms in the food and I had obviously eaten some.	1
When I passed my driving test, as it was the fifth time that I  had taken this test.	3
I felt the above condition when I took my brother's bicycle to a  market and unfortunately the bicycle was stolen and I didn't know  how I could tell the owner about the stolen bicycle.	2
My cat died painfully and slowly.	4
There was a family fight in my house some time back.  My uncle  had given me a watch as a present and I lost it.  During the  fight he accused me of having sold the watch.  I was disgusted at  his false accusations.	1
My mother and my sister carried on picking at me all day long for  no reason at all and I ended up getting angry.	0
I was going to go on a vacation to Texas this summer but was  unable to go because of registration.	4
My car skidded on the wet street.	2
At the hypocrisy of some of my friends.	1
When I was in Eindhoven on an Exhibition of Hernan Nitsche, who  made paintings with real blood. There were also photographs about  the killing of cows.	1
China winning the Asian Olympic games (TV).	3
Finding out that China is backward in science.	5
After having failed my driving test.	5
When I failed the grade seven exams.	5
My old friend visited me in the university.	3
Fear to come and live in Nijmegen.	2
When I betrayed my former girlfriend.	6
I found myself involved in a fight in which a person died and I  had to intervene with some risk.	2
When I had come home drunk the day after a party, I felt very  ashamed in front of my parents.	5
Some time back I had signed a letter which I had not read.  What  had happened is that something had been written against my  friend and this went to the higher authorities.  My friend asked me   -"you also signed ?"   	5
When I got the scholarship letter from Australia.	3
Watching China winning the Asian Olympic games.	3
Many years ago a friend wanted me to with her to southern Europe  and I preferred to travel alone.  I felt guilty because I wanted  to go on my own.	6
When a lady I was flirting with told all my class-mates that she  was in second year while I was in first year, everyone laughed  and started looking at me.	5
I once watched the series called "Dynasty" on TV, and I detested  it.	1
Fearing the use of power or reprimands when I belong to the  minority.	2
Being hooted at when I was learning to drive.	0
In the holiday cottage of our association, two of my pals came to  wake me up early one morning by bringing a radio played at the  highest volume into my room - it was the morning service at its  loudest.	0
I was living at home during the Summer vacations and towards the  end decided to take some of my clothes and other belongings to  the appartment in Guttenburg.  When I had finished I went to my  ex-boyfriend's (relationship uncertain) home and stayed there  till 5 A.M.  I had to leave then as my parents needed the car for  work in the morning.  My parents do not like my boyfriend.	6
Saw a snake unexpectedly.	2
My father had an operation which lasted for hours.  We were all  very worried but it was successful.	3
When I was small, I would always fight with my younger sister and  one time I hit her and knocked the wind out of her. I felt real  bad about it.	5
I was told by a good friend that we couldn't be friends any more  because of his relationship with another girl.	4
When I was a kid, I always opened the door to greet my father  when he came back from work.  One day it so happened that his  hair was scattered due to over-crowding in the train, and when I  opened the door as usual I saw something else.  I was so scared  that I could not talk.	2
I felt sad when my father was sick.	4
When my exboyfriend threw me around the dorms because I was  talking on the phone to another guy of whom he was jealous,  after we had an argument in which I thought we broke up.	2
When I was in a car with my parents and friends and we had to  back up (reverse) pass a river which when I recall it (I was only  about 5 yrs) seemed we were going to fall in and drown.	2
I put in two years of hard work and it was neither looked at nor  appreciated.	4
When I could not complete my assignment on time.	6
One evening I stayed at home all alone. As we lived on the ground  floor, I was often afraid of burglers.	2
When I hooked a girl in Kitwe.  She was very beautiful for my  standards, a rare bird of this kind accepted me as a boyfriend.	3
I called off a relationship with one girl so I could see another.	6
At what I was capable of of selfishly using others for sexual  encounters, while I held a vision of having a deepening  above-board (you know, "girl next door") devotion to a girl in my  head. My drives and actions did not match this so consequently I  felt disgusted at my failure.	1
When I learnt that the girl I had impregnated was in hospital and  was on the verge of dying as she had refused to accept the  responsibility of her pregnancy and had wanted to commit suicide.	2
Scoring a goal in football match.	3
I worked in a harbour and emptied latrine containers from the  back of the lorries.	1
I found a problem in homework which would not get solved although  I tried my best.	2
I had to tell a collegue the time for an appointment with another  collegue. I told her the wrong time - it was obviously my fault.	6
I was disgusted to discover that my girlfriend of few weeks was  already fooling around with another guy.  I was disappointed as  the guy was a rogue and I respected my girlfriend.	1
When I knew that there were, at last, no problems in making a  journey that I had been wanting to make for a long time.	3
When I came to know that my exams were on two successive days and  that there was very little time (about 9-10 hours) to study in  between.	2
I realized that a fellow member had grown spiritually.  I was the  leader of a spiritual group and had prayed for him.  He did not  want to burn the incense but his mother forced him to do it.   Finally his mother told him that he could discontinue if he got  good results at school.	3
Recently I felt very sad without any reason. It lasted for a few  days. There was nothing I liked in that period.	4
When my parents insisted that I take up a teaching career.	1
A friend of mine had the sleeves of a leather coat stolen from  his car.  It was me who had left them there for everyone to see.	6
When my girlfriend's nephew passed away.	4
I was very angry at my father when he didn't give me as much  money as my brother to use for studying. Once again my brother  was better off then me.	0
Housesitting and hearing the alarm go off. I knew someone had to  be breaking in. I called the police and was panicking while on  the phone. It was awful. It turns out that I stepped on the  hidden alarm without prior knowledge of its existance.	2
Getting very low marks in mathematics.	5
When as an 8 year old, I wet myself in school.	5
I got pass marks in the H.S.S compulsory courses while most  people performed well.	5
It was at Malawi Army, Dormer Squadron, when some of my workmates  got promoted to Seargents (sgts); we were having similar  Ranks.	0
At my job, I got disproportionately angry with a child.  My  reaction was not as it should have been.	6
When I heard that I was not to be provided with another pair of  medical uniform.	0
My friend and I worked for the community centre by holding a booth.   One day my friend went off to another booth to play.  This  meant that I was very busy and could not maintain order.  His  behaviour disgusted me.	1
Losing my temper and allowing myself to act childishly by yelling  and screaming at a person who I felt had done me wrong - in  effect lowering myself to their level.	5
With the job appointments committee when the headmaster in charge  explained that a male teacher was more suitable for the  particular post.  I had more years of service than the male  teacher, but this was not taken into consideration.  I could have  been given a less attractive job if things had gone the way the  headmaster wanted.	0
When I was at a boarding school at Lusaka, the Rhodesian  soldiers came to bomb a house near our school and we saw the  whole scene.	2
When I learnt that a friend of mine had talked about me to  another friend and had said wrong things about my abilities and  attitudes.  I was very angry.	0
I had been guilty of gossiping and blaming others, and one of my  superiors at the workplace made a formal reprimand.	6
I was angry when I had not been granted a leave out pass during  the last weekend.	0
It was on St. Claus Day when I was five years old. St. Claus and  his Devil Servant came to see me. St. Claus' Devil Servant  rattled with his chain and bowled terribly. I was so frightened  that my parents had to ask him to leave.	2
When I wet my head (or bed ?) one day my sister discovered it and reported  it to the other siblings. So my mother had to scold me.	5
When I argue with my mother about the way she treats her two  children differently.	4
First day back on the job.	2
Being very close to having an auto accident, almost driving off  the road.	2
I was very sad when I heard that my Auntie had passed away.	4
When I made up with a girl-friend of mine after having been on  unfriendly terms with her (my fault).  I cried with joy that  evening.	3
It was a complex situation concerning a relationship with a  boyfriend, I had broken the relationship for some reasons.  Meanwhile, as I felt it, I had most sorrow.	4
I phoned two friends and was not able to arrange a meeting with  either of them, so I had to change my plans.	4
Made a statement that other people did not believe.	0
When I took the B.A exams,I was expecting a 1st class even though  I had not done very well. When the results came out I felt sad as  I had missed the 1st class by 12 marks.	4
I read a newspaper article about dogs being stolen in order to  use them for fighting purposes.	1
I was double crossing my fiancee and one day she caught me red  handed.  She forgave me later.  I was very ashamed of what I had  done.	5
Girlfriend arriving back from overseas and picking her up from  airport. When she finally appeared from customs and we came in  contact again.	3
When I got into an argument with someone and was very abusive,  but they were a close friend and I later regretted it.	4
I saw a terrible accident happen and I laughed a lot of the  fright and because I was nervous.	5
I felt ashamed one day when my teacher shouted at me in the  presence of my boyfriend.	5
When I missed my train this morning, I felt sad for some time.	4
When I succeeded in achieving a scholarship for which I had  strived hard during a period of financial, personal and physical  stress.	3
My mother treated me unjustly as if I was a little child. I said  mean things. I was unable to defend myself adequately.	0
"Boy, you have been admitted to the medicine school and your  uncle is coming back fron Canada next week," my father told me  and it was a happy moment.	3
Joy for me is when all my family gather around home for special  occasions as Christmas etc. It really gives me joy to see my  family and relatives and to observe natures productivity process  which have been going on for centuries.	3
I was complaining about calling people whom I didn't know. I  forgot that the purpose is to invite people for dinner and get to  know them.	5
When some friends betrayed my friendship.	0
While dining with some accquaintances I was asked something  which I should have known but I did not know.	5
When I forgot the birthday of my best friend and I innocently  came to visit her one week later.	5
I was going home by car late one night when it was cold, dark and  windy.  I became rather panicky on the way to my house.	2
I felt joy when I came to know Christ.  That is when I became a  Christian.	3
When my grandmother died of cancer.	4
When I learnt that my offer to study at the university had been  withdrawn  and so I would not get hostel accomodation at UNZA,  even though I registered as a student later.	1
Watching a horror film.	2
When I look at people around and know that people who are stupid  look stupid.	3
When I stole a packet of cigarettes from a neighbour  and the  next day I owned up and returned it.	5
I was about to share lunch with my aunt's husband when she told  me that I would have to wait and eat with my cousins.	5
When a study tour got confirmed, I was happy all the time till     the tour began.	3
I feel disgusted since I am unable to cope with all the wordly  affairs as I spend much precious time to pursue my hobby and  to be admist the people I love and long to be with.	1
When I met a good friend after a long time. We had had a quarrel  but after two weeks I was really glad to see him again.	3
The carterer refused to give me sugar to add to my tea saying  that there was no sugar whilst it was there, so I left the cafe  disgusted without taking the tea.	1
I felt sad when my boyfriend and I were apart for some time.	4
My girlfriend had started going around with another boy.  Her  cousin, also a friend of mine, asked her as to who she preferred.   Both of us were present and she chose the other guy.	5
Some weeks ago I experienced a day that everything went wrong I  broke several things I felt very ashamed for I am not a sloven.	5
When I was about seven or eight I was caught having stolen a  doll's dress from my next-door neighbour.	5
My father promoted to be a professor.	3
A certain colleague of mine sent me to buy a bag of flour for him,  he gave me K20. Unfortunately I lost it.	6
The shame came when I was beaten by my teacher at school in front  of boys and girls some of whom were my friends and a girlfriend  apart from being classmates.	5
When my brother promised me money but he failed to fulfill the  promise.	1
A mishap suffered on misinterpreting a girl's proposition.	5
After I was thrown out of a car in an accident, this resulted in  a fracture.	2
When I laughed at a lame man walking down the road, it looked  funny at the time but later I felt lousy.  It was the same day  that I had stolen some coins from my mother in the shop.	6
I felt ashamed when my lecturer said in class that I  happened to be the dullest of all.	5
After having at last finished my master's thesis, I felt great  joy and relief.  I had been haunted by the thesis during the  whole of my studies.	3
When I was ten years old a classmate laughed at me because I had  told him that my father had retired.	5
When my pet dog,who was to us a family member, died.  He had been  vomitting for the past three days and we had not found the time  to call a vet, finally when the vet came it was already too late.	6
I heard that a former superior of mine had died, I was later at  home home reading about it in the newspaper and I thought of our  interaction and how it was no longer possible.  The limited scope  of human life is sad.	4
I went to the apartment of my boyfriend and saw some people  before his door. I thought that something had happened.	2
An old lady slipped and nobody helped her.	0
Won a prize for effort.	3
At the underground station, a drunkard came to speak to me.  He  tried to ask me something but I did not answer so he began to  speak about me with his companion.  I detested this dirty  growling man.	1
Sometime back I was coming from the wards and lice were all over  my uniform since patient's blankets have a lot of lice. It  happened that my boyfriend picked some lice from my white uniform.  I was so ashamed.	5
Seeing a friend "making love" to a high school girl. I  accidentally was dragged into this room where the happenings had  occurred. I was disgusted at the reality.	1
I was angry when my boyfriend did not turn up as promised.	0
When I took a car which was not mine, and suddenly it stopped  working.	6
When I heard that I had passed the second year exams.	3
When I do or say something inappropriate which hurts people close  to me.	6
A girl dropped some stuff from her bag and when I tried to help  her I realized that she had used me and I was made to look like a  fool.	6
I was supposed to have done some things for my mother, but just  plain didn't get around to it.	6
Noisy people in the library.	1
When I was going home alone one night in Paris and a man came up  behind me and asked me if I was not afraid to be out alone so  late at night.	2
At my wedding - standing with the man I love and acknowledging  that fact to members of family and friends.	3
I experienced fear when I was not prepared for the final year  degree exams.	2
When I found out my cousin had been killed. I was angry at the  world, and her murderer who was her ex-boyfriend. It was the worst  and most hateful day of my life.	0
I worked for seven months in a factory, and made friends with a  fellow worker.  Later, I visited my former fellow workers and was  told that, while in the army, my friend had shot himself.	4
When I was substituted in a play which was to be staged, after I  had learnt all the lines.	1
When I think that I do not study enough.  After the weekend I  think that I should have been able to have accomplished  something during that time.	6
Made a wonderfull new friend.	3
When I received the letter informing that I had been accepted to  be a Chinese university student, I was excited as I had longed  for it.	3
When I study my butt off for a midterm and still get an average  grade.	1
Saw a scene in a movie implying incest as humorous.	1
Cleaning the bathroom of my apt. and realizing my roommate who  had lived there all summer by himself had never cleaned the  place.	1
When a close friend entrusted me with a secret and I let the cat  out of the bag.	5
When I could not find my 2 year old daughter.  I ran and looked  for her everywhere and could not find her.  (I finally found her,  she had gone to bed to sleep)	2
My girl-friend left me.	4
I went to spend a night with a relative of mine and there I  found that the bed had been wet the previous night.	1
When my boyfriend went away for a month long holiday without me.	0
During these Summer vacations a schoolmate who was not in my  class went to Britain.  Before he left, his classmates and some  of us who were accquainted with him had a B.B.Q on the beach.   When I arrived I saw that some people , who were not close  friends of the departing person(person A), were playing mahjong.   Some others were playing bridge and A had nothing to do, besides  it was A who had prepared the food.  Later when we wanted to talk  and his classmates did not even have the decency to listen to him.   They only asked him a few questions half-heartedly and then they  talked on their own.  Some of their conversation was against me and   another classmate.	1
When the time came for me to see dead bodies and to operate on  them.	2
Meddlesomeness of my mother about the way I live. She thinks I am  to free in my behavior for instance when a boyfriend stays the  night.	0
Before the department meeting my friend ate a dish that I had  prepared for this meeting.	0
When my roommate's moped was stolen I was very angry.	0
I was camping with a friend of mine and we spent the night in the  forest.  I could not fall off to sleep and could clearly hear  noises from outside (steps ?) approaching our tent.	2
I deliberately avoided a person who I wanted to hurt, and who  wanted to talk to me.	1
Having to go back home form the U.S. after having been there for  ten weeks to visit my brother and his family.	4
When I saw my 18 year old son grab an oxygen mask as he had  breathing difficulties.  I had a bad conscience because I had not  stopped smoking.  Medication for the dilation of his breathing  tubes also caused a sense of guilt in me.	5
Some boys deliberately played tricks on me in the experiments.  	0
Before an examn.	2
I've always defended my sister when needed, at the expense of my  brother. This has led to feelings of guilt towards him.	6
A few weeks back, as I was in a hurry to leave the house, I left  some of my things lying around.  This is something I never do. My  uncle,who lives with us, as we live in a joint family, remarked that  we were always doing things like  this.  This really got me mad.	0
One night, at a friend's place I realized that I had everything I  most wished, around me.	3
Before the declaration of the S.S.C results.	2
To say goodbye to dear friends after the holidays.	4
I felt guilty when I said bad things to my sister, I had not  intended to do so.  She cried a lot and later she fell ill and I  felt responsible for her illness.	6
When I cheated my father and told him that the school  administration wanted K80 for the purchase of a mini-bus.  Two  months later the school authorities wrote back to my father for  the money.  I could not go back and ask him for the money again  as he had already given it to me once.	6
My flatmate and close friend living and sleeping with another  close friend of mine.	1
Being chosen to do your experiment with aphasia.	3
I once saw an old man up the road, fossicking through the rubbish  bins and the gutter. I was really disgusted at first but I've  seen him a few times since then and now I feel really sorry for  him and I often give him cigarettes when I see him, because he  mainly goes after cigarette butts and it is revolting.	1
When I was about to write my Junior Certificate Exams, I received  sad news telling me that my elder sister had passed away.	4
The time I lost a badminton match, that I should have won at the  Zambia closed badminton championships.	4
In college, I started a discussion with the teacher referring to  a question I posed. I felt very unsure and I was afraid to fail.	2
I went to the dining hall and found that the cooks were cleaning  the plates and there was no food for me, and the blue birds   (security guards) were busy eating the food that was supposed to  be for me.	0
I attended a ceremony in Denmark which is comparable to our  Halloween. They build a large bonfire and place a life size dummy  of a witch. The crowd cheered when the dummy burst into flames.	1
Did well in an examn just before my father's birthday: the best  present I can give to my father.	3
At a friend's party there were several allusions to my sexual adventures.	5
Was nearly knocked down by a car.	2
My roommate refused to walk with me to the English lectures. I  have to walk alone in the dark. Lectures are in the biology  building.	2
Every time I meet a certain dog that has once bitten me.	2
My elder sister scolded me in front of my younger sisters and  cousins.  She said that I was very lazy and I felt so sad that I  cried myself to sleep.	4
When I had to travel alone, unescorted for the first time.     It  was an over-night journey by train to a distant place.	2
When my nephew asked me to tell him a story and I simply did not  have the energy or the will.  When I saw his disappointment I was  terribly guilty and read a story to him after all.	6
I vividly remember having feelings of disgust toward some of my  jr. high classmates who didn't work at all on their schoolwork  and who would coplain and take my tax money when I was older and  more successful than they were. At the time I pictured some  adults like this that I knew in the complaining situation.	1
When my mother went through an operation, it was not very serious  but I was sad and could not sleep before the operation.	4
When I learnt that I had been accepted at UNZA.	3
During my holidays I had a boyfriend who turned away from me  outwardly. Therefore I danced with another man and raised certain  hopes in him. After a while I had to explain to him the  circumstances	6
When I got to know that the friend I am closest to got engaged,  and she was going away.  I was overjoyed for her, but also felt  frightened as I was very emotionally dependent on her.  I did not  know what I would do without her.	2
A friend of mine was hurt as he thought that our relationship was  not the same as before and something had gone wrong.	4
When I failed one of the first year's courses.	5
During my high school time I succeeded to play a concert of  Mozart on the piano when I gave my first performance I succeeded  to play it very well.	3
I am not doing what I should with this questionnaire.	6
Finding out that I was deceived by my friend.	5
Class leader told me to collect homework for him.	1
My first day to work in hospital, when I was dressing wounds I  was disgusted when I came across one wound with a very bad smell.	1
I felt very sad when a friend of mine failed the final exam and  she could not be accepted at the institution of learning.	4
Realizing that school will soon be over, and we will all go  different ways, perhaps never meeting again our friends from this  year.	4
I experienced shame when I failed to keep a promise to meet my  friend at the bus depot. He later came and asked me why I had not  turned up.	5
We were at a hamburger bar and a man at a table nearby started  coughing and spitting into his plate.	1
For example, to feel bad because of one's attire, to be among  people who do not belong to the same social class, to give a  wrong answer in class, to be surprised in particular situations.	5
When my father's car got stolen from me. (A 1966 Ford Mustang -  very hard to replace).	6
I scolded my sister without waiting for her explanation.	5
A tiresome person held me up all day long.  I was very busy then  (I can not remember what the problem was).  He continously tried  to make me talk to him and disturbed me.	1
I was to inform the neighbour on my left that a robber had been  spotted the same evening near the house of the neighbour in front.   I did not do it and the same day the thieves broke into this  neighbour's house.	6
I wanted to clear up a misunderstanding with a friend that I had  caused. A third person meddled in our conversation, turned my  efforts to ridicule so that I did not succeed in what I had  intended.	0
A friend suggested in a round-about way that the reason we were  late for something was because of me, and that I'm often late. I  know this was partly true, but felt it unjustified that  particular time and I felt I couldn't do  anything about it  anyway (i.e. being late).	0
When my girlfriend of two years told me it was all over.	0
I crashed my father's car.	6
When on holiday in Greece I called my best friend, she told me  she passed the examinations and that she had been admitted to the  study for speech therapy.	3
When I was fined for speeding.	6
Traveling as the only female in a railway carriage in the middle  of the night in Italy.	2
The inflammation of the ear of my child got cured and the doctor  said that the ear was completely all right.	3
When I part with my friends I feel always sad for some time. I  can't remember a concrete example now. For example I have just  parted with a friend of mine and I am feeling sad.	4
When seeing a friend that I had not seen in a long while.	3
When a friend carelessly broke and object in my parent's house  and did not apologize, or pay, or anything.	0
Continous fear of a nuclear war.	2
Once a week I work as a volunteer in a biologic garden. this work  in the garden and the contact with other volunteers filled me  with joy. They also gave me support after I failed passing my  driver's test.	3
Every time I imagine that someone I love or I could contact a  serious illness, even death.	2
When a thief entered the house in which I was sleeping.	2
Watching a horror film.	2
My father dying.	4
I had the window open and the door was shut so that the kitten  would not go out.  My partner came in and started talking about  something and I forgot about the window and suddenly I saw the  kitten hanging from the window frame. I was rigid with fright  till I got hold of her.	2
I felt this when I was copying homework for one of my classes.	5
Passed an exam by 2 points.	3
At a certain person's lack of cleanliness, at home and  personally.	1
When I lied to my wife and told her that I was going to the  Copperbelt on a buisness trip, she later found me in a hotel with  a girlfriend.	5
I had worked long and hard on a project when a friend  inadvertantly destroyed it. I could not forgive him for a long  time. And at times still get angry at him.	0
(1) My father died. (2) My natural father contacted me a year  after my father died and this angered me more as I thought he  should be dead and not my father.	0
I was ashamed when a certain friend of mine I used to move with  failed to propose to a lady yet we always said to ourselves no  lady can refuse our proposal.	5
When my mother got a terrible beating from my father.  It was so  bad that she fainted and it was only then that my dad realized  how bad it was.	1
I missed the last tram home and had to walk in the pouring rain.	4
I broke a glass of glycerine at the Z.C.B.C store in Ndola.	6
They wanted me to pay for a ticket twice because they said that  the one I had was out of date.	0
Listening to long speech of the party leaders wasting my time.	0
When I had to represent my boss at a meeting.	5
My grandmother died.	4
When I got a low grade in an administration course.	0
The sadness came to me when I heard that my girlfriend whom I  loved so much got married to another man before a rebuff from  her.	4
Lying to my grandparents about visiting my boyfriend in Chico.	5
When I was faced with writing an essay and I didn't want to do it  I was angry that I had to write an essay and angry at myself for  not having the time to write a good essay.	0
The thought of having to read a boring book of 400 pages in  English.	4
When I found out that my girlfriend would not be coming back to  UCB for one semester, but would be living in San Jose.	4
When my father told me that I should help my mother more often,  because she was so busy. And I realized that he was right.	6
Waiting for the results of the High level examination.  I was  afraid of not being accepted.	2
A child was admitted in hospital with Meningitis. I was asked to  do lumber puncture to obtain Celebral Spinal fluid for diagnostic  purposes. Since the condition was already bad, the child died as  soon as I finished the procedure.	6
A boy who shot dead a squirrel.	6
When my lover and I felt like we had gone full circle. And our  relationship was new, fresh, vital etc. once again.	3
Reading literature on AIDS/homosexuality.	1
My elder brother often criticizes my mother's cooking.  Once he  did it very impolitely and lost his temper.  This made all of us  very sad.  I was very angry and I scolded him.  He asked me not  to interfere with what was his buisness.	0
When one's studies seem hopelessly difficult and uninteresting.  	4
When I saw a very disagreable scene.	1
When I arrived home late at night.  I know that my mother gets  worried and this made me feel angry.	6
When we could not land our plane and we knew that the fuel was  running out.  Bad weather had already frightened us.	2
Talkiing about the past happy hours with two friends at night in  a camp a few months ago.  We shared our feelings, notions and  every hidden anxiety.  I thought that they cared for me and I  was very happy and satified.	3
My boyfriend told me that I had very high demands towards him. In  my opinion this was wrong.	0
I came out of the house at 7:20 am Monday morning getting ready t  go to school and fight for a parking when I saw my car had a flat  tire.	0
When I beat up my brother in order to control him and make him  obey my parents orders.	1
When I finally got a job after days of wondering whether I would  be hired or not and counting on the money that it would bring.	3
Being on view in a meat-factory. Pigs being cut open, pigs being  suspended from nods, blood everywhere, decompsition.	1
When I heard the last regulation of the socialist govrenment  concerning pensions.	4
I had worked very hard during my vacations to raise some money  for a few major items (e.g a radio).  but when I arrived at the  inter-city bus terminal, my hard earned money had been stolen  from me.	0
I missed an opportunity to go abroad because of some silly  mistakes for which I had to suffer a lot.	0
At the death of my friend's father and especially as this  happened ten days before her wedding.	4
When my girl told me that she loved me more than any male  creature on earth and that I would be the only one in her heart  for all her life.  	3
I was at school whhen I received a letter from the dean of my  school congratulating me for my performance at the previous  year's exam. 	3
A friend and a girlfriend went to Rome for 10 days with their  class. When they were back home I heard people tell "strange"  stories about my friend and that girlfriend.	1
After an exam which I failed.	4
I quarrelled with my brothers (twins) at home on saturday.  One  of them studies in a private school and the other one is  repeating his form five.  They do not know what they are doing.   They follow every word of their teachers, books and systems.   They always try to rationalize their bad acts by some game and  they are satisfied with their awkward life.  I have tried to  persuade them very often but have failed.  This time I had a  fight as they have no voluntary spirit (they did not polish the  floor).	0
Recently, some friends and I had too much to drink while on a  foot-ball road trip to USC. We trashed our hotel room and I felt  ashamed when the maid walked in the next morning.	5
When I beat up my brother so badly, for not having gone to school,  that we had to take him to hospital.	6
When I heard of the death of a friend who had just finished her  training I felt very sad for she was young.	4
When I saw a horrible movie - Alien.	2
After masturbation.	6
As I could not be home before midnight I called home at 11.30 and  asked them to leave the door open so that I could get in.  I  actually woke up the whole family by calling them so late.  My  mother could not go back to sleep, besides she had a conference    the next day and really needed to sleep.	6
I gave my mom a gift she wanted for years. I raflected her joy.	3
I invited two friends. We should go out together. Those two girls  kept talking about boys, chatting up etc. I bacame sick of it.	0
I was in grade seven and my class was planning a protest against  a rude and immoral teacher.  I sneaked out and told the  headmaster about it and so the plan was foiled.	6
A nightmare.  I was dreaming about bloodsuckers, which I tried to  shake off from my body, they are everywhere, they get glued, they  suck.  And there are a lot of them.  I panic.	1
When I scored the third goal to my own side at a football match  against William Murray Secondary School and we were badly  defeated.	6
My mother did not come home till late at night (Ages ago). Anyway  if I don't know where my parents are and when they'll be back I  start thinking that perhaps they have had an accident and are  perhaps dead.	2
I had been searching for housing for Fall at UCB and I was  finally offered a place - then an ordeal followed, first I  accepted then refused - related to my parents judgment (they're  paying for me). Turns out that I was so upset at what my Dad said  to me that I hung up on him. He called back and threatened to cut  me off financially and emotionally.	0
I live with my sister now and sometimes she angers me especially  when she thinks I don't keep the apt. clean enough.	0
When I thought that I had failed the examination.	2
Because of the examination I had to study night and day.	1
I finished the relationship with my boyfriend, after having felt  myself very unhappy for a long time.	4
I did not reply to my friend's letter in time. 	6
When I heard about the treatment of a friend in jail. Really  inhuman. I never realised that such things also happen in the  Netherlands.	1
I lead a rather secure life.  The only thing I can remember is a  song from the nineteenth century which is against alcohol.  Both  the melody and the word (although naive) effected my emotions.	4
I had made an appointment with three friends. We had to go out  together. When I arrived at the place, the other persons weren't  there. I became very angry because I thought they were gone  without me. That, however, didn't appear to be the case.	0
When my cousin passed away during the holidays at home.  He fell  ill at night and the next day he died in the evening.	4
Departure of a very close friend - for a long stay overseas,  sharing in the sorrow of her parents who were left behind.	4
Boyfriend doing cleaning in situation where it was my job to do  it. Later snapped at him over trivial thing. He looked downcast.  I felt guilty - "he's just done all that work for me".	6
I was angry at my boyfriend who had promised to come to see me  but did not because he spent the evening with his pals.	0
I felt joy when I was admitted to the Higher Agricultural  Institute.	3
I felt angry when my only pair of trousers was stolen and could  not be able to find out who the thief was or anyone who knew  about the story.	0
A friend of mine played a joke on another friend over the  telephone.  This friend, crying, called me and I got very angry  and made the other person apologize.	0
In order to be admitted to my final examination, I had to pass  two examinations. As I had not studied very much, I resigned  myself to be left behind. Nevertheless I succeeded in these  examinations.	3
The day the results of the university entrance exam was  published, I found my canditate number and I was very excited.	3
Something was stolen.	0
When I passed my Primary school leaving certificate and selected  to go to a Boarding secondary school.	3
When I realized that I was directing the feelings of discontent  with myself at my partner and this way was trying to put the blame  on him instead of sorting out my own feeliings.	5
Overeating a traditional type of food - blood pudding.	1
One night, walking along a park, I began to think that some  roughnecks would appear suddenly with knives and things like  that.	2
I stole carrots and got caught.  I had to apologize to the owner.	6
I had reacted angrily at a friend for no fault of his.  I had  raised my voice and had not cared for his opinion.	5
Insulting other people.	6
My boss on the job failed to keep his promise about something he  knew was extremely important to me.	1
When my brother who has been out of New Zealand for 10 years came  to visit with his wife which none of our family had previously  met.	3
One evening when a boy who was drunk made a pass at me by trying  to kiss me.	1
When I saw a film in which the man suffered from an illness and     his skin came peeling off.	1
Finding out some people had been talking about me at my back.  	1
This happened when I went to check my first year results, I had   thought that I would fail and I found that I had a clear pass in  all my courses.	3
When I proposed love to a girl and she turned me down.	5
I had some sort of a stomach virus last week and  I vomited in  college in the morning, then in the cake shop, three times during  the trip home and again when I got home.	1
When I came to know that my grandmother had died.  She was very  close to me.	4
I felt fear of the purest kind after a car accident.  The  incident and images of horror kept coming back to my mind.  I  wondered what could have happened to my sister, my friend and me,  though nothing very serious actually happened.	2
I realized that the girl I loved had to leave me.	4
Not finishing homework.	5
When my father was saved from a severe work accident.	3
While he was drunk, my life partner tried to hit me.  I felt  scared and fled to the bathroom.	2
I locked myself out.	0
My partner without discussing with me the situation decided it  was time for us to have a break and went ahead and arranged his  own life for the next 6-12 months, then told me the day before it  was about to happen having been tolerant and friendly for the  preceding week.	0
When in an economic crisis I got an unexpected sum of money.	3
The news of the natural calamity, an earthquake in which hundreds   of Mexican people died.	4
Slaughtering of animals.	1
The day my fiancee told me that it was bad that I could not write  my mother tongue.	5
I fell off a bike in the presence of a lot of people.	5
When I caused problems for somebody because he could not keep the  appointed time and this led to various consequences.	6
Could not buy a reference book because I got up too late to cue.	6
Helping in the nursery school.	3
My mother called me because she had read through the enveloppe a letter  addressed to me.  She denied having read it intentionally and  said "the words just popped out through the enveloppe as the sun  was shining on it". Hah Hah.	1
I watched the news at the TV, it was a commentary about  "Hainburg". I felt disgusted when I heard members of the union  speak about the situation.	1
About not helping my sister when she asked me to help her on her  chemistry class. I pretended to be busy.	6
I was in the house at night and I heard a hyena crying outside.  It cried for almost an hour and I feared it might break the  window and enter inside the house.	2
When a girl did not answer a question, concerning my love for  her, put forward to her.	4
When my father talks about our relatives and favours them, I feel  angry.	0
Before an examn.	2
At using other people, because of sexual experience that was  using another to the detriment of both. Anxiety that I may have  affected another for the worst.	5
Just arrived in the university, not knowing anybody.	2
There were old people in a crowded bus and I did not have the  courage to give them my seat.  I closed my eyes to sleep and then  opened my book to read.  In my heart I wanted to give them the  seat.	6
Time had struck 8 o'clock when I heard from the radio that I had  been selected to Robert Blake Secondary School for Form I. I was  very happy for the selection. My parents and I were very happy  and full of joy.	3
When I got  grade "C" in M160 at the end of my first year at  UNZA.  I had expected a "C+" or a "B" as M160 is easy, going by my  capacity in mathematics.	1
Last night, I dreamt that things that looked like monsters were  trying to kiss me.	2
NO RESPONSE.	5
Telling friends about your nickname.	6
Talking to a very good friend who had just had a very bad  experience which was changing his whole way of looking at life  etc.	4
A holiday at a whitesand deserted beach. A cool evening near the  end of summer and we had a fire in the sand - toasted  marshmellows, cuddled and drank champagne.	3
The moment I got the news that I had been selected for the U.G.C  junior national research fellowship.  It was a dream come true.	3
After I had managed to fail my first year at University I was  scared as to what I was going to do with my future. I didn't want  a mundane 9-5 job and yet I didn't know if I could pay my way  through an unsubsidized year at university to settle down and  continue my studies.	2
When my grandfather died.	4
When I was left alone one week-end without being prepared for  it.	4
When there was a bomb threat in Tolman Hall. This was the first  time that I felt my life could be in danger.	2
The man who threw me out of the flat disgusted me.	1
An utterance, which I had intended to be a joke, was taken as an  offence.  In my opinion, this was stupid, and I got angry.	0
When they told me that I had been admitted to the faculty of  medicine.	3
A few weeks back I had a very important seminar and I had  circulated my papers to all the panel members.  A day before the  seminar I realized that I had inadvertantly burdened certain        derivations and I had failed to correct it.  I feared that this     would reflect very badly on my performance.  Fortunately none of   the panel members detected it and I felt relieved.	2
When I was very young, one day, I was in the street with my  father and brother.   While my father was talking to some  friends, I saw a dog and began to pat it.  My father told me  sharply to stop doing it because the dog had mange.  Then my  brother told me that I would die and I could not stop crying  after this.	2
When I was selected to study here at UNZA.	3
I met again a very good friend after a year and realized that  there had grown a certain distance between us.	4
I felt guilty when I mislead a person into thinking he was a  close friend when that person was more of a casual acquaintance.	6
My best friend at school told lies about me to a boy I was seeing  and went out with him herself.	0
I peeped into Maurine's bedroom and saw two people - Maurine anbd  my step-dad.  I thought, " Why did she break her promises ? Why  had she invited me ? Why do old men go for young girls ? "	0
When I got first division in the exams before leaving school.	3
When I took the car of someone without saying it to him.	6
During a holiday in East-Germany I got aquainted with a boy who  lived there. We started writing, but I only wrote once. I felt  ashamed because I probably was one of his sparse contacts with  western Europe.	6
Watched a horror movie which involved sexual attacks on women.	2
I was nearly knocked down while I was cycling.	2
I felt sad when a friend of mine died and I felt that something  had irrevocably gone away from me.	4
When I passed an important exam.	3
When I had gone to a school picnic and was left behind in the  forest.	2
When I talked to a psychotherapist for the first time, I started  to cry; first I talked to him but he did not say anything and  after a while I was crying.	5
A few days back, I walked on a heap of faeces while walking on  the road.  I got goose flesh because of this.	1
One of my relatives became seriously ill. I felt sad because I  didn't know if she will ever be the same again.	4
When I met a friend of mine after several months.  	5
Every year during carnival I am very joyful I have an intense  feeling of happiness then.	3
It was when my father was taken into detention by the CIDS for  two years for a reason I don't know up to now.	4
When I heard that my friend had started drinking beer.	4
Being mistreated by my former primary school teacher, Mr Zalu.	1
My first kiss.	3
The fact that I was pregnant. I was always considered level  headed and did not have sex until 18 and out of high school.	5
Yesterday, when the final whistle blew at the final match between  OIS and IFK and it was certain that OIS had won the Swedish  title.	3
Finding out I am chosen to collect norms for Chinese aphasia (I  will contribute to China's catching up with the West in  neuropsychology).	3
Once I had torn a few pages off a library book and I felt ashamed  at this.	5
When my grandfather died, I saw my grandmother crying against my  aunt's shoulder (I had never seen my grandmother cry before).	4
Leaving a friend of mine alone at a dance - I felt I should have  kept her company.	6
A certain night during initiation. 	2
When a boy, who was drunk, insulted me in front of a crowd.  I  was stopped from punching him for it.	0
I was going around with a girl without loving her.  Not only did  I go around with her, but we did many more things.  In the end I  was not very sincere to her.	6
After mischieviously ringing on the chemist's trade-entrance  doorbell and getting caught by him.	2
I went for a walk on the beach with a friend whom I had not seen  for many months.  The weather was very pleasant, we had some  ice-cream and lots of fun on the beach.	3
When I see that some people remain cold and egoistic with regard  to close friends, even in situations that those friends need  them.	1
Close friend leave to go overseas for an indefinite period.  Farewell scene at airport.	4
I had obviously done the work badly but my class-mates of the  student's association did not blame me, they helped me do the  work.	5
I told my primary teacher I hadn't done my homework as my mother  was in a car accident. My teacher rang that night to see how my  mother was - she was fine i.e. no accident !	5
When I flew from Athens to Copenhagen after a holiday.  The plane  was caught in a storm and it began to shake and I thouhght that  we were going to crash.	2
When my aunt took her own life, I felt guity for not  understanding that she needed support.	6
When I could not fulfill my expectations.	6
It was Saturday, my duties were over for a few hours and I could  at last be with the people I wanted to see.	3
One of my friends came to know through some other friends that I    had applied for some course in an institute.  He asked me "why  did not you tell me, I would also have applied."  At that I felt  guilty.	6
One day I went to the cinema to see a film in which I was  interested.  On arriving there I saw a long queue (which I had  not expected) and went back home without seeing the film.	2
When my car froze, and I could not start it.	4
When I received a beautiful birthday gift form my parents.	3
Heard some ghost-like noise at night.	2
On a social occasion, I noticed that I reacted on the basis of my  autonomous nerve system (I could not help it).	5
I was playing in a football tournament and saw the rules openly  disregarded.	0
When they told me that my grandfather was rather ill.	4
When I didn't meet an appointment I had made. The person phoned  me but I thought of something (I told I was ill) so that I didn't  have to go.	5
Damaged the tap in the residental Hall.	2
I unexpectedly met a girl with whom I have always got along well.  ( I had not seen her for several months.)	3
Promising to do a task for a friend and just forgetting about it.	6
Because I had not studied.	6
I went to buy a bicycle with my father. When I wanted to pay, my  father took his purse and payed.	3
When I found that my ability to do ordinary work was worse than  my fellow mates.	4
For my parents anniversary, we hosted a party and we were very  happy.	3
In the compartment of a public transport railway, I did not give  my seat to an old man who was standing near me.  It was another  teenager who did so.	5
When I noticed obvious marks of old age (in a negative sense) on  a close relative of mine.	4
When a person I did not know hurt a friend of mine.	1
I had an implicit agreement with my sister about meeting her,  however she had not understood the situation the same way so she  did not turn up.	0
When I took blood from a patient for alcohol estimation and  urine for some other examination, he told me that something bad  would happen to me as he would play magic on me.	2
A story I heard recently about a baby dying after sexual  abuse.	1
Did not pick up a water mellon skin, someone slipped on it.	6
I had a girlfriend in the same class I was. I did not do well in  my Exams, but she did satisfactorily well and was taken into  another class leaving me behind.	5
When I got the positive result of my examination to achieve the  Bachelor Degree in Plychology.	3
I felt the greatest burst of joy when after being heavily ill for  a long period, my father came back home.	3
I felt disgust with alcohol in general when a close friend of  mine got so drunk that he didn't realize what he was doing and it  was quite shameful.	1
My mother along with some of my friends gave me a surprise  birthday party - they invited a large number of my friends along  too.	3
While reading Olli Jalonen's new book, the distant, cold and  selfish relationships between people (in the book) made me feel  disgusted.	1
When I learnt that I had failed an exam,  This not only influenced  my emotions but also other important tasks, it also made my  record imperfect.	4
The same situation as with sadness. I was afraid about what my  parents would further do to distroy my relationship.	2
A man tried to have sexual intercourse with me, though I had  communicated my unwillingness.  Later on, I felt disgust at that  person as well as myself because I had partly submitted.	1
When a colleague failed to contact me at the arranged time.	4
When I saw a car run over a child, out of carelessness.	0
My child passed away after a short illness when he was just  eleven months old. I was only told about his death without  knowing that he had been ill.	4
When my family allowed me to do higher studies.	3
When I saw that the mark I had obtained in an exam was a good  one.	3
I was at the cinema with my sister and her boyfriend.  A man  sitting beside me started to stroke my leg for a while, he left in  the middle of the film.	2
Relatives visiting me.	3
My employer took too many aspirins for a bad back and also drank  an enormous amount of spirit.  This was dangerous  and he did  not understand that he had done anything wrong.	0
When I saw a spider.	1
Car accident nearly occurred between us and drunk driver coming  in opposite direction it missed us by approx 1 m and collided  (after rolling twice midair) into nearby scrub.	2
My father and I had an argument because I do not help enough at  home.	0
I dreamed that this girl and I were cuddling in bed when my  girlfriend walked in. I really love my girlfriend so I felt  guilty and sad. I know that this is a wierd example but the dream  and the feeling was clear to me as if it had really happened.	6
The quarrel between my  parents.	4
Talking to a close friend.	3
Death of General Ye Jianying.	4
I was driving very fast on a small road and I met an oncoming car  in a right handed bend.  The other driver was on his own side of  the road and I had to skid out of it to avoid a collision.  It  was dark.	2
Failed to recagnize a friend on the street.	5
When I thought the house was on fire at night.	2
A bad smelling cucumber.	1
When I noticed that my little sister was sulking, because I could  not meet her because of a misunderstanding.	6
A person I know who tells lies and so pretending to be better  than she is.	1
When I, for the first time, failed a junior exam, i.e form 3.	1
Some students whose English is worse than mine can go to your  lectures (English lectures).	1
On the TV news I heard that Nicaragua had complained about the  increasing threat of war with the USA.	0
When my parents work very hard and get tired - while I go to  school and study instead of helping them. I feel that I'm letting  them down, disappointing them.	6
When I was transferred from Chichiri Secondary School to St.  Mary's Sec. School. I was happy at Chichiri as a day scholer and  had made a lot of friends. I was going to a boarding and that  meant parting with my friends as well as my boyfriend for the  first time.	4
When as a child I stole, from a friend of mine, the ring she had  got in an easter egg.	6
Fear came towards the end of May when the P.T.S. results were out  after hearing the failure of my fellow three friends.	2
When I ate a rotten apple.	1
I caught a close relative with the servant of the house.	6
At the crowded conditions of living.  I always quarrel with my  elder brother as he puts the T.V volume at a deafening level and  I can not practise my piano lessons.  Thus I feel that my home is  disgusting.	1
When I was with the girl I love very much, for the graduatiion  ball.	3
I saw a sort of black worm being attacked by many ants.	1
My boyfriend was playing with my cat. He was playing games with her  and telling nice things to her. 	3
I was alone at home, in bed reading a womens' magazine in which  there were storiees of paranormal experiences.  My leg was  itching and I stretched my hand to scratch and I felt another  strange hand. (later I realized that it was the corner of the  blanket)	2
When I heard that a woman of my community had aborted and got rid  of the foetus by throwing it in the drain.	1
I felt guilty when I lied to my parents.	6
At the funeral of my uncle, I was one of the bearers.  I was not  familiar with the etiquette and acted tactlessly because of my  ignorance.	5
When I heard that an acquaintance of mine was spreading rumours  about my affair with a close friend.	0
I was spending my summer holidays in a village.  My friend and I  were coming back from a discotheque at night and we heard a noise  from an alley.  We were very scared and we got into my friend's house.   A moment later, an unknown car picked up a person from this  alley.	2
When two drug addicts tried to take away my money.	2
My cousins were playing at home and one of them broke a decorative  object which was very precious to me.	0
When my uncle gave me my first year's results.  I opened the  envelope and my eyes ran into two "B+" - in EC110 and M160, this  meant that I had qualified for a major in economics.	3
When my wife told me that the refrigerator had stopped working.	0
I just opened the bathroom without knocking not knowing that  someone was bathing inside, it happened to be my father.	5
When I was not chosen to go to your English lectures. 	4
When I received the news that my in-laws had passed away.  I  depended heavily on them for their guidance and the running of  their daughter's buisness.	4
My sister once stole my mother's money and made her very angry.   After this my mother would beat her up for unreasonable reasons.   One day my sister lent her book to a friend without telling my  mother about it.  When my mother learnt this she beat her up and  even threatened her with a pair of scissors.  	0
Going home alone through the forest after a girl guide (scout ?)  meeting.	2
When my mother treats me as a 10-year old boy.	0
I got into a bad fight in a bar and my friend received a bad cut  above his left eye while trying to separate us.	6
My father promised to send me pocket money at the month-end since  I wanted to buy a new pair of shoes when I was at secondary  school, but he didn't.	1
When my girl went away for a holiday without saying good-bye to  me.	4
When I decided to leave my steady, secure employment to come to  university. Because I didn't know if I could cope with all the  requirements of study and also being older I didn't know if I  would enjoy mixing with younger people, also financial  insecurity.	2
I met a dear friend of mine after a long time.  I expressed my feelings  in our own usual way, by mutual scolding and abusing (with  complete understanding) and by touching, patting and taking the  hand of the other person, etc...	3
When my father's home was to be broken into by thieves who had  guns.	2
My father called me (behind my mother's back) and told me that my  mother disapproved my behavior in the weekend. However, he didn't  tell me the details and left me with unanswered questions.	0
On a dark night I felt that there were several people near me  and I did not know who they were.	2
I rejected a person whom I had always thought to be a friend.  I  told him so and he reacted angrily.  I felt guilty at not having  realized it before and at having hurt him.	6
When I realized that I had three more examinations to take.	6
When I had to leave home to go to some other place to study.	4
My life-partner, who was drinking more and more, spoke about  kicking the cat.  He had never done anything of the kind, but I  knew that he would do so one day, without thinking about it.	0
When a friend of me came for an unexpected visit.	3
Asking someone to give me back the money I once lend him because  I needed it myself.	5
The time when I cleaned the house and everything was tidy,  then my cousin, who is 4 years old, came with a muddy pot and made  a mess of the whole thing.	1
When I had insulted my father two years back, at that time I was  very angry due to some reasons.	5
I feel disgusted with the bootlickers, with helpless people.	1
Insulted my girlfriend during a peptalk.	5
While trying to get my little brother over a ditch, he fell on  his head and started crying.  I was scared of having caused him  permanent injury.	6
I "picked up" a girl and I thought that I had misused my  position and authority over her as there did not seem to be any  realistic possibility of continuing the relationship.	6
When I failed an exam I thought I could pass easily.	6
It was during a school holiday - I was found necking a girl in my  room by my father.	5
I failed a subject despite the fact that I had studied quite a  lot for it.	4
When someone ignores what I am saying or doesn't let me have my  point of view and they monopolise a conversation.	0
When I first passed a job interview.	3
After receiving the grade on the paper mentioned in FEAR.	4
Insulted by the class leader.	0
When I saw my niece (5 yrs) crying in the hallway for her mother  who had passed away about a month ago.	4
I was disappointed and angry at the bad quality of a documentay  program on TV.  In my opinion, the topic was important and the  program should have been made with seriousness and consideration.	0
Over an argument.	1
I felt fear when my friend and I broke into an abandoned military  base in Los Angeles this summer. I feared because I didn't want  to be caught.	2
When I stole something.	6
The death of my grandmother.	4
I was sitting in the bus and a man with a very unpleasant  smell came and sat next to me, to top it all he smoked  continously.	1
When I was a child, one day, I was going home late at night and I  did not notice an uncovered man hole and fell in it.  I was in there for  several minutes.	2
Failed to do what I had promised.	6
I was caught stealing food at my aunt's place.  I had tried to  hide the food I had taken from the pantry while my aunt was in  the kitchen, however she went to the pantry and discovered the  stolen package.	5
I sent a book to a friend of mine.  The book meant a lot to me  and he lost it.	0
Two timing - going out with 2 guys at once (secretly).	6
I did a solo flight from Ardmore to Kaikohe before I got my pilot  licence. I can remember it was gorgeous day and I was on a  natural high, cruising up the coast with my maps and compasses  and gear. Other pilots had seen me off and wished me good luck  and it was a real adventure.	3
When someone made me a compliment after an examination just at  the moment I needed it. It was amicable, hearty and sincere.	3
I found a baby opposum on the road and took it home and cared for  it for a week. It had to be force-fed and carried in a fur pouch  under my jersey. My father had the vet put it to sleep as he said  they carried diseases.	4
I felt guilty one day when I was accused of running away from  classes and I was caught.	6
At the beginning of the year I moved to a new city - I felt sad  as I had to leave many friends and family members behind.	4
Staying alone in the room after midnight and reading horror  stories.	2
I was appreciated by others, especially my family members and my  friends.	3
A class-mate answered (accidentally) the call of nature in the  class during a tough mathematics examination.	1
Somebody who knows me very well discovered that I had told him a  lie.	5
When the bank let me borrow some money this winter, after my  grant was spent.	3
In the recent lightning storm, bolts of lightning were hitting  close by (1/8 mile). I was in bed at the time and was afraid I  might be struck.	2
Found out that someone I knew well has been misunderstanding me  for 2 years.	0
At the death of a close relative.	4
When a boy had continued to use foul language and swearing in  front of a group of my friends.	1
Yelled at my parents for not buying me a car like other parents.	6
At a discussion a friend took a "faschistic view", what I had not  expected.	1
I kicked the chair in the classroom to express my anger.	6
I made another person cry for an unjustified cause.	6
Saw someone who picked up a cigarette from the floor and smoked  it.	1
When I was young I had gone to an old lift and played with the  antique lift.  The guy discovered me and warned me, I was very  frightened.	2
I fear before each exam.	2
When I left New York, and all my family and my friends behind me.	4
When I did not get admission in M.Sc after my B.Sc, I felt really  bad.  When I started my journey to Bombay, after having accepted  my uncle's offer to come to Bombay, I was afraid, wondering if I   would succeed or not. 	2
When I was acceptted as a student of psychology.	3
I met my girlfriend on the way and she joyfully welcomed me on  the way home.	3
I won a car in a prize-competition. The moment I was informed  about it, I felt joy.	3
I went to the shopping centre to buy something and saw packets of  Kapenta  with maggots in them. Oh !	1
When I got a first class in the twelveth standard exams, I was very  surprised and happy and I had a very good time with my friends.	3
When I was attending an authorized demonstrationand the police  rushed brutally at the demonstrators, without any warning.	2
Lying to my cousin about the form five examination fees.	5
Finding out I am not chosen for the English lectures.	4
A very close friend left me.	4
I was looking after a child and she fell down because I was not  paying her much attention.  One side of her face got bruised.	6
Some boys not cueing in the dining hall.	1
When I arranged our holiday in Paris, and my girlfriend raised  criticisms all the time.	0
When my father shouted at me for going to a party with my sister.	1
Almost crashing into the back of a car while driving along the  motorway on my motorcycle.	2
When I was walking down the street, some boys showed me a knife  and stole all my money.	2
At night, I walk home past a forest.  Once, somebody got stabbed  in the forest.  I imagine someone attacking me and I hurry up.	2
The death of my father made me feel quite guilty, because my  attitude towards him had been cold and indifferent.	6
While trying to board a train I missed the footsteps and fell  down on the platform.	2
I felt disgusted when I was in a helpless position at the loss of  my fiancee.	1
Forgetting an important appointment.	5
I saw a lot of starving people in a T.V news report.	4
I was angry when my sister began to talk nonsense and to laugh at  the way I swept the room.  My anger grew (I tried to control  myself).  After telling her to leave me alone, I vented my anger  on her as she did not obey me.	0
When I entered a bar looking for a friend.	5
I felt the above condition when I was found in a house playing  with another man's wife where I was asked questions and I was  unable to answer.	5
When I learned that my brother had spoilt an LP of mine.	0
I forgot to zip up my trousers, this was not noticed by anyone.	5
I let my pet budgie loose to fly around my room one afternoon. A  few hours afterwards I found he was still free, went in and out  of my room leaving the door open. My cat got in and killed my  budgie - this happened to 3 budgies.	6
When my father phoned me to come home from my vacation, since he  no longer had the time to look after my garden and animals.	0
Seeing a film in which there were several bloody crimes.	1
When I was walking around all alone at night.	2
Enrolling at varsity, being told I couldn't get in to certain  papers.	4
Being caught in changing the truth (lying).	5
When I could neither measure up to the expectations of the teacher  nor to my own expectations in one of the assignments.	6
Losing close people and animals. So far, I've felt most when  losing our dog in a traffic accident.	4
When I did not get the compound which is known.	2
When I first failed my standard 8 exams for the first attempt for  Form I selection.	5
Some people were sitting outside and saying things which were not  really true.	0
When I received a letter telling me that my mother was very ill.	4
I felt shame when I discontinued my education for eight months. 	5
When I was beaten up by thieves on behalf of some friends of mine  as they thought that I had a lot of money and would not part  with a few coins for their drinks.	0
When my grandmother died - at her funeral.	4
Forgot to do some shopping that I had promised to do.	5
When I got into a bus I found that my wallet had been stolen.  It was not a great loss from the monetary point of view but I  lost some documents - identity papers.  As a result I had to  spend several days in order to get a new one.  I will always  remember all the work I had to do and the bad treatment I  suffered because of the bureaucratic behaviour of the civil  servant.  I had already had bad luck and they treated me like a  criminal.   At one point of time I really wanted to quarrel with  them.	0
My roommate talking and shaking her bed at night.	1
I angered a close friend and he was injured.	6
When I was selected to start Form I at Chilumba Secondary School  out of the 100 pupils I was among the 4 who were successful.  Family History showed that I had done better than all my brothers  who had passed after repeating for several times.	3
I was very happy when I got an attractive Summer job.	3
I was about to begin a journey in a car with an acquaintance of  mine.	2
When opened a box of biscuits and found worms inside.	1
My boyfriend breaking up with me about 7 months after I had an  abortion. Just the fact that he was ignoring me and continued to  do so.	0
When I did not buy what I had promised to.	5
Not getting the reference paper.	4
I was sad when I saw that a beautiful girl was not attainable.	4
When I realized that I had a hole in my trousers after having gone  for a walk.	5
When a person whom I loved and admired a lot died.  I felt empty,  lonely, helpless, without support, not knowing what to do.	4
I met a girl some time ago and I cared very much about her but it  happened so that we left each other. I felt some sort of sadness, I think  I can call it so.	4
When I was 12 years old I was caught by the Ticket Collector when  travelling without a ticket.	5
A friend of mine got encouragement and I did not, as the  supervisor did not like me.	6
I was walking home one night (after getting a bus to my town)  when I was confronted by a group of males (about 6), they would  not let me pass - they made comments etc. - I crossed the road  and hurried home.	2
I received the mid-term exam paper of one of my major subjects  and I found that I had failed it.	4
When I was reading a book.  It had nothing to do with the book  itself but with the disagreable smell of the pages of the book.	1
When boyfriend could not stand up to his mother or for himself.	4
Telling a lie to wife over phone about what I had been working  at.	6
I had promised my friend to take her to an important appontment  but I was late. So she missed the opportunity to get a wellpayed  holiday job.	6
I tried to swindle a jeweller because my watch was broken and I  wanted to have it repaired it was a pity but they detected it.	5
I am disgusted with the behavior of a car driver whose car would  run over me and my friends during our autumn brigade.	1
When a boy put a handful of cooked potatoes down my dress and  there was no water to clean up.	1
On our way to France, my girlfriend and I went to Verona. By  chance we met an Italian couple - they gave us two tickets for  the dress-rehearsal of "Aida". It was a different world for us  full of fascination. After the representation we ate a phantastic  pizza in a restaurant near the "Arena".	3
Meeting other friends who got in the good universities.	5
When I failed the grade seven examination.	4
Sitting in a bus, I heard behind, the voice of a girl I was  friendly with. After her talking for some time with another girl  I decided it wasn't her in fact that someone miming her, which it  was when I finally looked. I was talking to a friend at the time.	4
I needed a recommendation for something. I decided that the best  person to get one from was a professor who I had never talked to  before. I felt a lot of fear going up after class to ask him to  recommend me considering he had never heard my name before. But I  did.	2
When I lied to my best friend about a boy she really liked but he  didn't like her. I told her he did and she bugged him for a long  time embarrassing herself.	5
After our sad first of May party, I felt ashamed because the  friends who had been invited had to suffer.  We, the organizers  of the party, did not drive the intruders away.	5
I talked to my boyfriend on the phone when I was in high spirits  and had a lot to tell him.  I had been looking forward to this  conversation and he did not listen to me to the extent that I  had anticipated.	4
About a dozen girls laughed at me and I was sure that there was  nothing wrong with me.	5
Climbing a mountain to see a view, towards the top we suddenly  came across a ledge with a nearly sheer drop on either side,  which I had to cross.	2
Cooks refused to give me food.	4
I was wearing a short skirt one day and someone told me my  underwear was showing.	5
When I was feeding a premature baby (7 months), the baby chocked.  This was when I was working in children's ward I thought I had  killed the baby.	2
When I saw a friend of mine, whom I had not seen for a long time  and I had lost his address and telephone number.	3
Our neighbour came and gossiped, about others, with my parents.	1
Cannot recall the emotion with any force.	5
For a medical check-up, we - boys and girls - had to take off our  clothes with the exception of our underwear. Then we had to go  into another classroom where older pupils were sitting and  staring at us.	5
When I won a position on the track-team for the trans-tasman  games when I was eleven.	3
My teacher said that being university studets we did not have  any self-initiative or self-control.	5
When someone accuses me without reason and is not willing to  listen to me.	0
On meeting an old friend of mine.	3
At the age of 12 (or so) I stole from a Ranger's fruit tree an  apple. (And eventually was compelled to confess - Dostoersky  would like this).	6
I wanted my boyfriend to stay when he didn't. He stayed but when  he left I felt ashamed because I should have let him leave when  he wanted. I was too selfish.	5
When one has been unjust, stupid towards someone else. 	5
While watching a religious film, I got very excited and made a  number of comments which were reproached to me by an elderly  person who respected me.	5
That afternoon I rushed home to look at the result slip of the  higher level as fast as possible.  I opened the envelope very  carefully and found that my results were much better than I  had expected and thus I could enter the Chinese university.  My  diligence had paid and I was very happy.	3
I applied for a job of GALSO counselor and I made the strongest  possible application but was denied an interview. I felt  disgusted at the system which by promoting the cause of  minorities makes employing whites lowest priority.	1
My academic result was poor and I had to repeat the second year.   I felt sad about the coming several years.	4
When a close friend of mine collapsed and passed away and the  illness was not known.	4
When I heard that I had made it to the second year at UNZA.	3
The comrade staying next doors insulted me for what he called   the misuse of his iron.  He called me stupid, self centered etc.   I wanted to punch him but instead went for a walk to the mining  school to cool off.	0
When I heard that I had achieved a place in form I.	3
Going to Chico to visit a friend.	3
When planning to marry.	3
Several years ago my brother died in an accident. When I heard  about it, I was very sad. It took years until I resigned myself  to it.	4
My roommate leaving my drawers in a mess after plowing thourgh  them looking for something.	0
I was in my village when a bull jumped over a fence and started  chasing my friends and me.  We were very frightened till we  climbed up a tree.	2
At a restaurant I observed how the gypsies tried to get money by  cheating the foreigners i.e non Swedish speaking.  My anger had  nothing to do with hatred against foreigners, but it was an  expression of the anger I feel when I see people being used .	0
Quite recently I realized that I had had some erroneous views  about life. For instance, I had always lived for other people,  had forgotten my own person and suppressed my own feelings. I was  ashamed because I had not been concious of that until I had a  conversation about it with a person.	5
When I saw in the newspapers, on the T.V, and magazines the  chaotic situation caused by the drought and hunger in  Mauritania.	4
A kitten had wandered into our office, and I was told to take it  back across the street. When I crossed back, the kitten followed  me and was run over and killed by a car.	6
The time when my sister had her first baby I was so happy and  joyous because she stayed for two days after marriage before she  had a child.	3
After learning on the news about this man who killed more than  300 women and habitually copulated into their inert bodies.	1
When I did not find the rack used for beating up rugs, in the  yard.	0
When a friend, after being free of drugs for half a year, started  using them again. 	4
A friend of mine said in a group that she felt lonely and  withdrawn from everyone because of mental deficiency.	6
I used to have two boyfriends in the past. Then one of them  wanted to get engaged to me. I agreed but was guilt-conscious for  disappointing the other one.	6
When present boyfriend's mother approached my parents and self -  to leave her son alone - as she did not want me for a future  daughter-in-law.	0
When a person the same age as me insisted that I call him  "Mister".  I refused to succumb, but he persisted and I got angry  as he had belittled me.	0
We were discussing a subject ( I knew very little about it) and I  was holding my ground.  They showed me that I was wrong.	5
When it became clear that a man had used many people sexually  and psychologically, despite the fact that many people looked up  to him.  I understood that one could not trust him and I was  forced to hide this for a while.	0
I felt angry when repeated pleas to the ticket collector and the  co-passengers in order to make a queue fell on deaf ears.  I have  this feeling whenever someone is not disciplined and methodic in  doing his duty.	0
When my father a 4th/5th generation colonial (from Eng.) attacked  me verbally about my chosen partner. A man whom he discarded  because his colour skin was not white. His ultimate disgust  saddned me.	4
When I "hated" one of mmy flatmates who was nice to me.	6
Sometime back I came across a certain man who was badly beaten by  some people because he was found raping the wife of the village  headman.	6
When my cousin's wife refused him sex and claimed that she was my  girllfriend.  I think that there is something wrong with the  woman as I have never even thought of having sex with her.	5
At Christmas night there was a good movie on television which I  wanted to see for years. I was whining about it till someone told  me it was very childish. Then I felt shame.	5
A friend came to tell me that her father invited me to go on  holiday with them in Benidorm otherwise I could not afford to go  on holiday.	3
When my grandmother died.	4
On Reperbahn, in a restaurant, a "charming" old saleswoman came  to beg a drink for herself.	1
After seeing a horror film - Omen.  I could not sleep at night   even though I closed my eyes.  The last scene of the film kept  coming back to me, I seemed to hear the girls in the film  shouting at the devil.  The devil did not have any expression on  his face and I thought that he would choose me.	2
When I heard that I had been selected fot the first year at the  university of Zambia.  This was after my form five at Chikola  secondary school.	3
Thinking about other things in a lecture.	6
When I was a child, I was always afraid of my father. Just when  he looked at me, I felt frightened.	2
We were in the country and I walked away from the others one  night.  Suddenly something moved sharply in front of me and I was  not able to see what it was.	2
On the last day of my school life I was very sad, specially on  the farewell party day.  I felt sad to leave behind my beloved  teachers and friends.	4
When the teacher asked me a question, I did not know the answer  and I just stood still for about a few minutes without saying a  word.	5
Finding out that I can go to your English lectures.	3
During a recent meeting, Mr. A showed his excitement and  overindulged in the notes delivered.  Though his curiosity could  not be blamed, his way of accquiring knowledge was an extreme  behaviour e.g he always tried to know what I was reading and  gained everything he could.	1
When I got through the first day here at the department.	3
When I climbed up a tree to pick apples.  The angle of the ladder  I was on did not enable me to get high enough.  This implied  that the ladder was not very stable.	2
I am a kindergarten teacher and I am thoroughly weary of my job.   After having taken the university entrance exam I suffered from  anxiety for weeks as I did not want to carry on with my work - studies  were the only alternative. 	2
When I failed to secure employment after my form 5 in Lusaka despite  my excellent certificate.	1
After much trouble getting together in the first place my  boyfriend and I celebrated our first anniversary.	3
I preached to a F.3 students in a gospel camp.  They thus knew  more about God and made up their minds to believe in Jesus.	3
When I won a trip to Greece in a competition.	3
When mother was very ill, I feared that she would die.	2
Once I failed seven subjects at school and I was terrified to  give my report card to my father.  I left it on the table and went to  bed very early in order to avoid him seeing me.	2
When I went to visit a relative and saw how messy and dirty his  place was, in the absence of his wife.	1
When I boxed my child's ears.	5
I had gone home for a week-end and when I came back I found that  my clothes and my bedding had been stolen.	0
None.	5
When close relatives tried to dissuade me from studying  Psychology because of its low status.	0
I felt very guilty when a student, sitting in front of me in the  exam, asked me a few questions and I did not show him the answers,   though I knew them. 	6
My father left us for another woman.	4
The final marks were to be given in the morning.  I wanted to get  there late because I was very afraid.  When I arrived there,  everybody was very happy and I had also passed.  We had a  wonderful time all day long.	3
In a public swimming hall I saw a very aggressive man who  practically attacked the children who got in his way when he was  swimming.	1
When I found my girl in bed with another man.	1
When my brother was born, everything went all right.  It had been  very likely that he would have a deficiency (my sister suffers  from Down's Syndrome) and that my mother would be in danger.	3
The death of a close relative.	4
I was testing my new roller skates in the street, suddenly a dog  ran barking in my direction, very threatening. I was very  startled and terribly upset.	2
Getting University Entrance accredited and arriving home from  boarding school on accrediting leave.	3
I felt guilt when my friends were punished to slash grass at the  gound because of making noise in class. I was in the group of  noise-makers but I denied having done any noise.	6
Before knowing my marks I was not sure that I wanted to go to  that class.	2
When I first had a sexual intercourse.	5
When I was caught by the police and was kept with a group of  delinquents, which added to my fear of being shut up.  I was  afraid of the people near me and the future consequences.	2
My elder brother had been expelled from college and he was so  frustated that he attempted suicide - he drank bottle fragments.   I was very sad when I learnt this.	4
I was coming home from an exam and I supposed that I had  passed it so I ran to a restaurant for a beer.	3
My little brother was arrested by the police at the railway station after  he had drunk some beer.	5
A friend of mine was hospitalized after having been diagnosed as  having typhoid, he had to forgo his exams and also his ambition  of doing a dissertation at the M.A level.  It was a very sad  event for me and I felt very sorry for him so I volunteered to  stay with him in the hospital.	4
Someone had to do a lot of efforts to make something work. With  my help he would have finished much sooner, but I wasn't in the  mood to help him.	6
When I promised to help a friend over a weekend and did not keep  the promise.	5
Once I had dinner at an elegant restaurant and I did not have  enough money to pay the bill. There were a lot of people there  and I felt quite awkward.	5
I was severely reprimanded for a trivial offence in front of  members of my peer group while still at school.	5
Towards wife's laziness in not performing her usual duties  because of television watching.	0
A few months ago when I was teaching, I suddenly became very  angry at the children and slapped some of them.	0
Too many people in TV room, I was not able to get a seat to watch  TV.	0
I was shopping in Utrecht with friends, we also ate some chips  and snacks in a snackbar, then we saw a shabby fellow. He took a  cold half eaten croquette (a snack) from a rubbish bin and eat  it.	1
My mother had for some time been trying to separate me from a  good friend who, she thought, was not good company for me.   Finally, at breakfast one day, we had an argument and I tried to  defend my friend.	0
When I was caught going out with another girl by my girlfriend.	6
I had drunk a couple of beers and my fiancee got angry at me.	4
My close friend and I applied to TISS for admission last year,  unfortunately he failed to get admission.  We had done our graduation  together and are quite involved with each other, so we had wanted  to do our Masters degree together.  However, it did not work out  as we had expected it to and this saddened me.	4
When I saw a program on Ethiopia on T.V, a fews hours earlier I  had thrown away some clothes and food.	6
When ditched - divorced by husband.	5
When I saw a woman who had been run over by a train, just off  Kafue.  The woman had been cut to bits, there was blood and         splinters of bone every where.	1
When a thief broke into my house at night.	2
Tripped on a busy street.	0
I had a friend who was very kind to me.  I tried my best to like  him and understand him but when I was with him I could not help  rejecting, criticizing and blaming him.  I wanted to get away  from him as soon as possible.	1
I went home and visited with my family and friends.	3
I was in a dancing-tavern and the atmosphere was one of waiting  for the end of the world.  Suddenly people began dancing wildly,  inspired by the band.  An unbelievable experience : wonderful  that even Finns sometimes flare up and forget to think "what  others are thinking of me".  It was delightful to dance to one's  heart content.	3
I lost my purse that had money in it. I was sad until I found it.	4
Earlier, I was afraid of speaking in front of a crowd of people.	2
I tried to pass an examination particularly well, but I did it  worse than ever. I felt ashamed.	5
A friend wanted to give me a surprise into my room and I thought  she was stealing from the room.	6
I did not do well in one of the subjects last term.   I was  afraid that I would fail.  My result was a grade D, though it was  not good I still passed.  I felt more comfortable then.  	2
When I forgot the lyrics during a song contest.	4
While playing a ball game, I made a mistake and we lost the game.	6
After 3 weeks I saw my girlfriend again.	3
I was afraid of moving away from home and moving to Helsinki for  my studies.	2
When I lied last week. I lied to someone to get info. for a  paper I was writing. I told her that the info. was for a  newspaper article. I was afraid if I told the truth she wouldn't  help me.	6
At a weekend's seminar my trousers suddenly burst, therefore I was  prevented from participating in several activities.	5
During an argument between friends, one of them accused me of  taking advantage of some other friends who usually come to the  university in my car, saying that I ask them too much money for  the petrol.	0
When I passed the grade 7 exam.	3
I made a major mistake while learning how to use a computer programme  and the teacher criticized me.	5
When a close friend of mine maintained a relationship with me  till she needed me and broke it off when she did not need me.   She behaved life a really selfish person.  	1
I was afraid when my dog ran out through a crack in the fence  when  a train was coming.	2
One night, while I was sleeping, I woke up suddenly with the  sensation that there was someone in my room.	2
When I refused to fetch water for my aunty while she was busy.	5
I was emotionally happy when I was in love with the girl I had  longed for.	3
Hurt someone's feelings unintentionally.	6
Easter holiday - I had been working weekends and had just left.	3
When I tried to explain to my child as to why there were  magazines wiith naked girls on them at the kiosk.	1
When money was stolen from my pocket.	5
When I got permission to study at a place which was far away from my  home.	3
It was a shameful moment when I heard that I had failed my  Primary School leaving Certificate Exam in 1978. My girlfriend  was there when the news was released.	5
I came home from a discotheque at half past four in the morning,  although I had promised my parents to come home at midnight. From  3 a.m. I felt guilty towards my parents.	6
I experienced anger most recently when I had committed a sin  which I had gone a week and a half without doing. I had made a  vow to God and had blown it. Now I had to start all over.	0
In a Mathematics class, the professor asked me a question and I  gave the wrong answer.	5
When I drove to Stockholm for the first time and drove off the  Stora Hissingen road at the wrong exit.	2
When the lady who is now my wife accepted my proposal to be my  lover and future wife.	3
When I received the news that my beloved grandmother had died.  I  was at the boarding school and was only 13 years old.	4
Some people whom I do not like at all, and one of the reasons is  their physical appearance.	1
When a dog is left whining outside a shop.	1
I was scared when I realized that I might miss the train which I  was supposed to take.  I was 1500 Kilometres away from home and when   I heard the depart whistle I was still 150 feet away from the  train.  I finally made it.	2
When I stayed alone in a house in Great Brittain and there was a  lot of rumour in the newspaper about a murderer still being free.	2
Someone being arrogant to me.	1
I had told my boyfriend that I did not want to go on with our  relationship.  I knew that I was important to him but I wanted to  be free.  I saw that this was difficult for him but I remained  firm and did not change my mind.	6
Disappointed by a friend.	4
I do not study enough as I do not understand it properly.	6
I felt very lonely, was very dissatisfied with myself when I  realised that I could feel very jealous of other women because  of my boyfriend.	4
I felt shame when I saw someone I knew and pretended not to see  her. Later she saw me and said hi.	5
Being refused to attend the neuropsychology lecture in the  medical university.	0
When I had an anticipatory honey-moon with my fiancTe.	3
I was ashamed to tell my mother that I fell down with a bicycle.	5
When I contacted a sexually transmitted disease and the  lecturer came to know about it as it was he who treated me for  it.	5
Sitting on the bus seats supposed for disabled people, children  and old people (by mistake)	5
We were camping in the mountains, and a friend and I went for a  walk.  It was getting darker and darker and we were not sure of  the right way back.	2
When my dog died.	4
Forgot to give a present to my little nephew.	6
Having suffered a not very pretty sight, I reacted by uttering  some very cruel and sharp words.	6
Saw a dead rat on the street.	1
When you are far away from relatives and friends. I feel sad for  my early years, for the freedom and the carefree years of  childhood.	4
The feeling of joy when again I had confessed my sin and  experienced God's forgiving grace and cleansing power - total  enlightenment and freedome - bliss.	3
My boy-friend came home late one night without having told me  about it before.	0
When I found out my roommate had been talking behind my back  about very personal things.	5
When they told me that I had got a study grant.	3
When I watched TV and saw a performance of "Prince" (a popidol).  Disgusting he'd better be a stallion.	1
My friend was badly hurt.	4
People who came to our home - and requested "Put out your smoke".  That we should not smoke in our house... and asked not even  politely. It disgusted me because I think people need to adapt to  the situation.	1
When I meet old past pupils of mine - and find they are all doing  well - I feel joy. Yesterday I met a young woman (20 yrs) I'd  taught her at 6 yrs, then at 12 yrs and hadn't seen her for last  3-4 yrs; she was no longer a waitress but a meter maid for  Council.	3
When I was blamed for some of my attributes which are very often  misunderstood, especially when one is very frank.	0
I shot the decisive goal in an ice-hockey match.	3
I was very angry when my friend lost my practical's journal,  which I needed to study for the exams.	0
I had an argument with a friend of mine.  She would not let me  speak and then I began to shout at her.  She got angry and left,  I did not try to prevent her from leaving.	6
My parents scolded me a lot for something I had not done.  It was  my sister who had done it.	0
When I saw several people washing their car with water from a  drain.	1
When I was in a little fishing boat and we ran into hard weather  in the open sea.	2
When I began school at UC. The pre-enrollment the classes, and  the question of success really scared me.	2
I took a math midterm and I knew I did really well and it was  Friday so I felt great joy because the week was over and I did  well on a test.	3
I was in a cafe with another person when, suddenly, several close  friends of my partner appeared.  I did not know what to do and my  partner felt uncomfortable.	6
Being harrassed for being gay; suggestions of being physically  beaten - acting as informal bouncer in a gay bar.	2
One day I got on the bus without any money or season ticket and  the driver threw me out.	5
One evening, while going to meet a friend of mine, I had to cross  a meadow by a dark road.  There were bushes on the other side of  the road.  The weather was damp and a bit foggy.  I heard steps  behind me and kept speeding up my steps all the time.	2
I felt the emotion when I fought somebody who was drunk and tried  to disturb us while we were having meals.	6
I flet shameful when I learnt that I cooked Nsima which was full  of lamps in it.	5
When my grandmother died.	4
The holidays come to an end, and the next day we had to go back  to University and to the exams.	4
When I finished a test type of exam and did not dare to answer  any question, I doubted whether I would pass the exam  or not.	6
Flirting with other girls while I already had a very good  relationship. When there are problems in my relationship, the  flirting increases as does the feeling of guilt.	6
When my mother was robbed in a shop.	2
Years ago, on my way to school by the forest path I came across  an exhibitionist.	2
When a close relative got quite drunk. It was a relative that I  had respected for a long time and looked up to as a child.	1
It was on January 1st 1985 when I accidentally broke a Fanta  bottle in a certain bottle store in Zomba.	6
When I was pointed out as a problem child in primary school and  my mother took the teacher's point of view.	0
A friend (female) and I were on holiday on Great Barrier Island  by ourselves. One night we were nearly raped by about 20 locals -  they came to our bach and tried to break the doors down. All of  them were stoned or drunk and we hid under the bunks and were  totally terrified. Eventually these guys gave up and went looking  for us on the beach. We escaped and slept in the bush for 2  nights.	2
A girl I do not like kept coming to me and talking to me.	1
Letting Jesus take control of my emotions i.e., ill feeling.	3
I was sitting on an electric swing, suddenly the machine went  out of order while I was still in the upward position.	2
I was disgusted when my brother was arrested because of stealing  money.	1
After I had made my debut at Ullevi against IFK, Gottenburg and  got a good write up in the paper.	3
Two boys whom I know were telling me, in an indecent manner, how  they had teased a young and shy girl I know.  They had despised  her conviction, scorned and touched her.  I got very angry and  did not try to conceal it and gave it back to them.	0
I was told that a friend of a friend committed suicide.	4
Fights that I see in the middle of the street, robberies, fear of  darkness when going home.	2
I got 100 FIM too much when I changed money at the bank.  They  soon called me at my job and the situation was embarrasing for  me.	6
When five of my friends at the secondary school found out the bad  things that I had been saying about them.	5
When ,due to hunger and tiredness, I became generally irritated  with my fiancee and made cutting remarks which really hurt him.   Later I realized that my unfounded irritation had hurt the person  I love most on earth.	6
When I was scolded by my dad for bad behaviour.	6
It was when I was selected to go to a Secondary school to start  form I.	3
I argued with my father on matters concerning marriage.  Traditionally speaking, I was not supposed to, so I felt guilty  of violating my traditions which I must hold in esteem.	6
On the occasion of assignment of tasks and responsibilities in  which such an assignment, dispropotionately carried with it high  responsibility and low ability of organisation and resolution.	0
I felt fear when I was young and left in my big house all alone.	2
One winter day I, unwillingly, was outdoors with my younger  brother (10 years younger than me).  I lost my temper on him and  wanted to throw my brother down the snow bank we were on.  I  pushed him but not as hard as I had wanted to. We were alone the  two of us.	0
A much older man took advantage of me during my childhood (four  to eight years of age).	5
When I caused needless anxiety to a person close to me because of  my lack of self-insight.	6
A friend's boy-friend treated her very badly, let her serve him,  provoked her and just utilized her.	1
Once by coincidence I clutched a stranger (in a rather intimate  way), thinking it was my boyfriend. When by hindsight I  feel ashamed when thinking about it.	5
Mr C took my drawing pens, without having asked for my permission  first, and lost them.  He did not tell me about it till I asked  him and then did not try to find them.	0
Realizing that a friend had been talked into signing a certain  contract.	0
When I entered the operation theatre and underwent a difficult  operation.	2
When my best friend started getting involved in my private  affairs.	1
When a mistake occurred at work which I was not responsible for.   This was disclosed later.	6
The housing council asked the city to cut 40 linden trees so that  the inhabitants of the lower floors would have a view to the sea.	0
I was supposed to be studying for my math midterm a few days ago,  however, I fooled around with my roommate, and didn't start  studying until 12:00 am. I was disgusted with myself.	1
In 1983, my results at the university entrance exam were very  poor - far from what I had expected.   I thought that I would not  be accepted at the university.	4
When, for the first time I realized the meaning of death.	2
We were driving a car of a friend of mine when we turned in the  wrong direction towards an unknown district, and nearly drove  down a precipice.	2
When my sister took my things without having asked for my permission  first.	0
My life-partner is going through a crisis (way of life, old-fashioned values)  and can only get out of it by talking bold decisions.  I have  noticed his cowardice and attempts to escape his problems by  drinking.  I detest his drinking and his being full of self-pity.	1
When my elder brother died.	4
I borrowed a gold bracelet without the girl's knowledge. I had it  for so long I had to keep it. To this day I feel ashamed at  myself for having it. I never wear the thing anymore.	5
I was to meet a girl in a discotheque.  She was very pretty and I  was very happy.  But she did not turn up.  Thank God, there were  some other friends there and I was able to have a more or less  good time.	4
When a boy I hated most in our classroom took my T Jersey from my  desk and put it on.	1
I was in hospital, and then was visited by someone quite  unexpected.	3
When burglars with guns forced themselves into my house and  ordered me to give them money or face death.	2
I felt angry when I was told that I had not been selected to go  to the University.	0
When I realized that I was far behind the others in the language  course and I could no longer catch up with the others.	0
When somebody who had been a bully and had acted cruelly to  others who were unable to defend themselves was taken down a few  notches and he began to grovel. I was disgusted with his  grovelling and the manner in which he had treated others.	1
Criticized by a teacher in public.	5
Facing a mad dog.	2
When I was a child, I thought that I had to be ashamed when  asking and doing certain forbidden things.	5
My companion admired me when I did some work voluntarily.	5
When I was victimized for running away with a girl who was  somebody else's wife and niece at the same time.  I was very  angry over this issue because I was told to pay him money after  having been punished for it. 	0
When I stated sharply something I was not very sure of and a few  days later I was shown to be wrong.	5
When my grandfather died.	4
A certain friend evokes positive feelings, when I am with him but  negative feelings when he is not present. I feel the need to  express those negative feelings. However, when I speak about him,  I always think: Why do I like this, he does not deserve this, but  still I do so.	6
During my childhood I once lied and my sister found out.	5
Power cut made me unable to listen to the songs sung by my  favourite pop star.	4
Going to see a good film with my best friend.	3
I found a cockroach crushed between two folders in my bedroom, I  called my mother.	1
When I got a message that my child was not feeling well.	4
Forgot to turn up on prescribed day for jury service.	6
When I am accused of something I have not done, I get unbelievably  angry.	0
I finished my homework; an important task.	3
A party with no worries (i.e. no tests homework etc.) many  friends were present and good music.	3
At my native place I was riding my cycle, which did not have  lights, at night and so a police man caught me.  I requested him  to let me go but he would not so after a few minutes I just  escaped.	6
When I realised that I had rejected a boy, who was fallen in love  with me, rather bluntly four times.	6
While travelling in a bus, there were three people sitting behind  me (two men and a woman).  They were drunk and the conversation  was unbelievable (about fucking, fellatio, etc...).  They tried  to get others to take part in the conversation.  I loathed it and  felt like crying.	1
The people on my floor last year were very close. This year 4 of  our best friends live together in an apartment. My boyfriend and  I dropped by on one of their birthdays and stayed for dinner. Two  other people had already been invited and I felt uncomfortable  and unwanted. Then I realized I was the one who always called  them and they rarely call me.	5
I felt sad when I heard that my cousin had passed away just  suddenly.	4
I was attacked by a man at a bus stop at night.	2
Once I was stopped by the police in Spain, when I had some  "grass" in my tobacco.	2
My Uncle was beaten by his troublesome son. He fell unconscious  and gained consciousness after some time. That time I was at  school; this news reached me through someone.	4
I have a very close friend who lives in another city and we have  been writing to each other for a long time.  The last time I went  to her city, just to see her, I was disappointed to see how great  the distance between us was.	4
Could not find my way out in the college building at night.	2
I had arranged to meet my friends at a certain place, and I was  with other people.  My friends did not arrive and the people who  were with me began to get tired.  My friends were one hour late.	6
I lost my way on a trip in the mountains.	2
When I was at school, no one thought I could pass my MCE so at  the end of the year my name was announced on the radio that I had  passed. I was the happiest person.	3
I had fear of my father (parents) when I first became pregnant. I  was afraid of delivery itself and whether I would give birth to a  stiiborn or a baby.	2
When the Real Madrid team of basket ball qualified for the final  of the Europe Cup at Athens.	3
Finding out China is backward in science.	5
A boy I had been admiring so much asked me to go out with him.	3
I was angry about 3 months ago and I kicked backwards against the  wall. It caved in and so I had to show it to my parents. I had  been angry after my mother said something to me about not being  able to find clothes in my size - something that I'm sensitive  about. (6' 5'' 210)	5
An exam where questions about very specific knowledge were asked.	5
My little niece, who is very talkative, suddenly became very  naughty and began wetting her pants.  She did it one afternoon.	0
A person whom I had not seen for a long time called me and  invited me for a party.	3
When I was appointed to position of trust in a group set up to  change the working environment.	3
When I received the S.Y.J.C results, the marks I obtained were  not up to my expectations and I missed admission in engineering.	4
When a professor caught me absent-minded and not paying attention  to what he was saying.	5
I lost my temper at my mother while she was teaching me.  I felt  ashamed and sorry at having hurt my loving mother.	5
I was asked to join my friend in a boat at Mangochi Lake Malawi  and when making a turn, it seemed as if the boat would sink on  the side.	2
When the paramilitary was sent to the UNZA and it started using  tear gas and started intimidating the students without any  provocation.	0
People impolite with me because I did not get a good report.	5
When I had promised to do some washing for my mother and I did  not do it.  She did it herself despite her being ill.  I felt  very guilty.	6
When I passed an exam.	3
When I told off a computer teacher who did not want to teach me  beacause of prejudice.	0
I felt disgusted when somebody told me that my previous boyfriend  was her boyfriend.	1
Mad at my dad.	0
Held under water by a large wave and thought I was drowning.	2
Having moved into a flat within the last week I felt some disgust  that a bathroom tap had been left to drip with a faulty fawcet.	1
I was stopped from entering a party while I was at School but I  had an Invitation card with me. This was done because they said I  was too young to join elderly people.	1
Death in the close family.	4
It was when I failed standard 8 exams while all my friends  passed and went to secondary school. In class I was always  getting more marks than they did.	4
I went to visit friends and it was very companionable.	3
When I was ill and had to stay at the hospital for a period of  time.  	4
I met a certain lady at the bus depot who was using a bad  language but was a very smart looking lady.	1
Each time the professor asks me a question in class.	5
A teacher at my former secondary school forced my darling to  marry him.  The girl tried to refuse but her parents would not  leave her alone.	0
I was disgusted when our cricket team manager dropped me from the  team.	1
Once late at night (around midnight) a person asked me to give  him a lift. He suddenly tried to attack me but I could escape.  After this he followed me for a little while.	2
One day I shouted at my brother who didn't do any wrong to me  only that I had a disappointment from a friend and projected it  on to him. He cried and I felt guilty after sometime.	6
In Punjab, when in the name of religion people killed each other  during the agitation.	1
Recent break-up with my girlfriend. We had been together for over  a year. I was overseas and discovered over the phone (while I was  at work).	4
When Wayne and Sue (close friends) were announced our guardians  at ther wedding.	3
After a meeting ended we started talking about when we would  have the next discussion ( I had many tests the coming week and  could not have a meeting in between, I thought that they would  understand this as they had always done).  They did not  understand my problem and thought that I should not have so many  other activities.  Their reaction made me burst into tears.	4
I experienced joy at a friend's 22nd birthday party. We had good  food, good liquid, good company, good music, and an overall warm  atmosphere. The birthday girl and I communicate incredibly well.  I felt very content, warm and inspired just talking with her  giving her a neck massage.	3
When I received the higher level exam results, I mistook the  grade E in mathematics for a grade F and I was shocked.	2
When my best friend got a boyfriend. Because of this a  relationship of ten years was finished abruptely.	4
I was driving and a deer suddenly appeared in front of the  car when there was a lot of traffic behind me.	2
The first time that I had to go up on the stage to give a speech.	5
Tonight in bed when I realised how bad my relationship with my  friend was.	4
I entrusted a friend with the delivery of some money to my  father, however he misused the money.	0
When someone told a secret I told them not to tell.	0
My good friend misunderstood me.	4
When I qualified for form I.	3
When I realized the burden it was for my mother to look after all  of us, all by herself.	4
Occured while preparing for a midterm in Social Welfare that I  thought was going to be very hard and felt unprepared for.	2
Once sitting in the cinema, I became very anxious (watching a  "cold" film). I do not know the reason.	2
When my fiancee travelled 2000 Km to visit me, and I hadn't seen  her for 4 months.	3
When I was caught with another man's wife.  I had taken the  opportuinty as this man was abroad but he returned that night.	6
I had received bad news informing me that grandmother and  grandfather had passed away. The first one to die was my  grandmother and after two days grandfather died too.	4
Criticized in front of the class.	5
A typical family argument.	0
Bought something bad from the shop and they refused to change it.	0
I was watching TV with a friend. After the first film I wanted to  watch another film on the same channel. My friend switched over  to the other cannel without asking me what I wanted.	0
Yesterday in the elevator a man started smoking, this is  something I just can not tolerate.	1
I lived alone in a repulsive area in the city of Rotterdam. I was  annoyed, heard a lot of Burglary and assaults. Especially in the evening  and the night I frequently felt anxious.	2
Once I arrived two hours late to my work place (a bank) and I was  still feeling feeble and tired.	5
When we rearranged furniture in our flat and got stuck in a  chair.	0
I was joyful when I received a present (2 books and a pencil)  from the headmaster in standard 6 because I had passed, I became  No 1 and he said I was one of the pupils who had good behaviour.	3
My sister and I were fighting as usual. She's older tham I am,  bigger built and stronger I couldn't win in a physical battle and  in a verbal battle I couldn't seem to get through to her to  really hurt her.	0
When my mother quarrelled with my aunt over me.	0
When I applied for a job which I thought I had a good chance of  getting, I was not even granted an interview and did not get the  job.	4
When I was six years old, my favourite cat died.	4
I was ashamed when I was being introduced to the church  congregation.	5
On my birthday when several good friends came to visit me.	3
After an event in which I felt that I had acted unfairly.	5
As a small boy, I took a coin from an empty taxi cab.  My mother  saw it and told the driver about it.  I even knew the driver.	5
When my kid brother broke my reading spectacles.	0
I was to take a test and I had not made the necessary preparations  until it was too late.  There were two days to go and I still had  not done much.	6
Someone told a lie that I had stolen his money.	0
At the begining of a new course one is afraid of encountering  problems one can not manage.  Thoughts revolve around failing  the subject and the consequences it would have for the future.	4
When I lied to my girlfriend, telling her that I had passed an  exam, when I actually did not even take it.	5
When a boy whom I refused to be my lover told all his friends  that I was his girl he has refused me because I was not faithful  to him.	1
My cat died from an illness.  It had been with us for 7 years.   It was a lovely cat.  It had been ill for one or two weeks and  the veterinary surgeon had told us that it was dying.	4
Being told that I have not got a personality.	0
I read a book about the sexual phantasies of women; I read about  a woman having sexual intercourse with a dog.	1
Finding out that I was deceived by a friend.	0
I was alone at home when I broke a figure and then mended it.  A  few days later my mother noticed it and asked me about it, I told  her that I had no idea.	6
Due to laziness, I failed the term studies completely at  University.  I also wanted, to some extent, to protest against my  parents' expectations.	6
Someone I know and respect sexually assulted a girl.	1
When my beloved uncle was shot dead by relatives.	4
When you kill yourself with work and see the number of slakers  wandering around, doing nothing.	0
I was driving and stopped at a stop light. I was planning to make  a right turn as soon as it was clear. It was clear on the left so  I started but a man was just in front of the car.	2
It was some years ago when one evening some people came home and  told us my father was badly injured in an accident.	2
When I heard that my father had been involved in a car accident  in Lusaka.  This happened when he had gone to get the car which  had been stolen in Lusaka.	4
When I was selected for the university.	3
I spent all weekend with a friend instead of studying for my  exams.	6
Lost my girl-friend.	4
Adolescent guilt growing up feeling "bad, immoral" sexual  desires, some 10yrs ago.	6
This was when I found out that a cousin of mine had taken away my  trousers without my consent.	0
My daughter was 2 yrs she went up to a colt tried to hit it. It  turned on her and kicked her over the heart, sent her flying  through the air. I left my mother and sister to deal to her as  they are nurses. I felt I didn't want to know if she was going to  die, it was just too much.	2
When my brother was very late in arriving home from work.	2
The inability to read a book at college.	4
When India first won the world cup cricket tournament.	3
A conflict with a pupil.	0
Our only elder sister got married and started having pains in her  abdomen and she was told that she could not have children. To our  suprise she had a baby 2 months back.	3
I had the unexpected possibility to see a friend I like very  much.	3
When I heard that I had passed my MCE Exam, I spent the whole  day dancing and eating sugarcanes from our garden.	3
It was when I discovered that the girl who I had proposed was a  friend's girlfriend.	6
When I had not understood anything after a lecture.	4
I was walking one day and I met a man who wanted to ask me about  my brother but I didn't stop to hear what he was saying. I was  ashamed when I found him at home and he told my brother what had  happened.	5
Equivocal situation when filling a security questionnaire on  entering a government building with several people there.	5
When a friend from whom I preferred to hide my private life  discovered that I had relations with a man.	5
Arguing about price with private shop-assistant.	5
When I went to my first dental appointment.	2
When a classmate hit me on my occipital region when I was busy  studying and concentrating on my classnotes.	0
When some housemen told me a young girl like you should not be  allowed to lecture to consultants, I was too shy to argue against  them.	6
I share my small flat with my friend. On her birthday we could  not see each other until evening because we had to stay at the  University all day. In the evening I left a lecture before it  finished to be able to buy flowers for her. When I was at home  she called me to tell me that she would stay the night with her  boyfriend.	0
A fall during a climb, with almost with no previous experience.	2
While having a discussion with my mother, I realized that she  does not for a moment doubt the justification of her making the  decisions concerning my life.	0
When my parents complimented me very nicely on something.	3
It was not long ago when I and two of friends of mine got quite drunk  and one of them began to rave under the influence of the alcohol.  I felt fear of what could have happened.	2
My notes were not returned to me, it kept on being  procrastinated.	1
When I talked maliciously about a colleague at work to someone  else.  Immediately afterwards I felt ashamed.	5
When I heard about the disaster in Bophal (India).	1
A few weeks ago I thought about an exam I had to take soon. I  remembered this just before I had to go to sleep. I felt guilt  because at the beginning of the year I planned to succeed.	6
When I found out that my father had lung cancer and they did not  know how long he would live.	2
One day I went for a bath. I took off my clothes and as soon as I  had finished my brother came in. I felt sad and I found no reason  why he came in.	5
When I could not pass my exams with good marks.  My wedding was  to take place 15 days after the exams and I tried to convince  myself that this was the reason for my not having done well.    However, I thought that had I really put my mind to doing well at  the exams I would have done well.	5
After my shoulder operation, I woke up in the hospital room  alone. I was in pain and was still under heavy medications. I  could not find my parents.	2
Every time I meet a certain person. We cannot get on well  together, we dislike each other.	1
I found I was pregnant and unmarried.	5
My love proposal was turned down by a lady I really loved.	5
I took my grandmother's money without telling her and when asked  if it was me who had taken the money, I denied it.	6
A friend told me it would be better for me not to be on familiar  terms with another friend, although, in my opinion he had no  reason to say such things. He only said so hoping that I  would search support from him (that, however, was not necessary).	0
Reading about executions and massacres which happened during  World War II, I felt disgust towards those who did it.	1
When I was a teacher in an evening school, a girl raised a lot of  questions and expressed her opinions.  She, very often, took a  stand which was different from mine and she thought that it  was better than mine.  Her opinions were helpful academically, but   she did not take into consideration my position in public.  Also  she seemed to be very talkative and so she disgusted me.	1
Left alone in the biology building surrounded by empty buildings.	2
I think I felt ashamed for the first time when I entered a night  club.	5
At noon one Sunday I received a phone call telling me that my  mother had been knocked down by a car at the street crossing and  that her husband should go and see her.  I could not believe this  as my father and my mother had gone out together to buy lunch  boxes.  However I immediately ran to the scene of the accident.	2
When I had an argument with my grandfather the day my younger  brother was born.	6
A customer at the shop where I worked came in and asked if the  goods that he had ordered had arrived.  I had totally  forgotten about this order and I tried to offer weak excuses.	5
Saw some girls dressed up like Americans	1
I was the compere at a party and all my efforts to get the show  rolling were thwarted by the immobile, non co-operative guests.   I felt frustation - bordering on anger.	0
I was travelling in a local train when a drunkard, smelling  terribly, entered the same carriage and started eating fish that  was stinking.	1
When I wet my bed at boarding school.	5
I felt very frightened when a robber broke into our house and  threatened to shoot my father if he did not part with some money.   I was looking at the man with his hand on the trigger.	2
Since I've been here I haven't written to any of my relatives. I got  a letter from my mom telling me how upset my grandparents are  from not hearing from me.	5
After a short stay in Marocco we missed the ferry-boat back to  Spain and we had to look for an accomodation. By chance we met a  man who offered to take us to a camping site. While I was sitting in his  car I was terribly afraid because I had heard of people being  robbed in Marocco.	2
When I got a bad result for one of my assignments.	5
A couple of years ago during the summer holiday, I was fishing at  a lake with my husband.  Suddenly it started raining while the  sun was still shining. I experienced a feeling of joy, happiness  and fulfillment.  the whole nature was full of music.	3
When I had a good result in the certificate examination.	3
Finding out that my best friend could not go to university.	4
I felt shame when I was asked by my cousin that I promised to buy  her a birthday present but I didn't buy it for her in front of  friends.	5
I met a friend I had not seen for a long time on the street.	3
A month ago I turned in an English paper in late after I had  already had a previous paper late and promised not to do it  again.	5
I was very sad when I was shouted at by Uncle and was told that I  was not to be given school fees because I didn't go to work in  the garden since I had gone to escort my sister to the bus depot.	4
I did not do as well as I expected on a chemistry exam. I  received a score below the average and I thought I had done very  well.	4
1976, Soweto uprising in South Africa and the racist Gout's  reaction to the students demands concerning the educational  system.	4
When I discovered that my mother had been involved in adultery.	1
I was at a boarding school during my primary school days. I was  broken so I pretended I was very sick. My father came and he  picked me up. He spent a lot of money on medical expenses which  all proved to be negative.	6
When the result of a project work was treated nonchalantly  intead of being criticized by the teacher.	4
The death of a friend.	4
One day, I was home and there was a phone call informing me that  some of my relatives had died in an accident.	4
The day I finished my military service.	3
Failing an examn because I did not work hard enough.	5
Failing university entrance examn.	5
Iqam chosen for your lecture and my best friend is not. Now he is  angry with me and I cannot help him.	4
Being catched when stealing.	6
When unjustified hurting other people.	5
When I passed the university entrance exam.	3
When I missed the tram after having run for it.	0
Watching Muldoon act as my P.M.	5
My sister was in coma for 3 months (due to a train accident). Now  her brainfunctions are disturbed. She will never be able to walk  and she can hardly talk.	4
When I was told that my uncle had passed away.	4
I live with my boyfriend, we have a close relationship, I fell in  love with another man.	6
Our Headmaster came to our hostel. The lights were off but there  was a lot of noise. We shouted at him when he knocked at our  door. We later saw that it was the Headmaster.	6
My mother wrote me and said that I would not writ enough letters  home.	6
Doing anatomy alone for the first time.	2
When I passed the driving test three weeks ago and got my  licence.	3
After buying a ticket, I lost it before I reached my destination  and the bus Inspector dropped me at a place I didn't know.	1
The day I went to eat dinner in the dinning hall and found a  dead fly in my gravy.	1
When I was six years old we were on holiday in France. There was  very heavy weather then.	2
While in the army, I was treated unfairly by my superiors.  I was  held responsible for a deed of which I was innocent.	0
One of my very good friends came to me for advice as her  boyfriend had been hitting her and beating her quite harmfully.	1
Physical violence. A friend wouldn't listen to me I repeatedly  tried to warn him, to no avail. Result: eight people were "pissed  off".	0
In a bus I fell sick and vomitted in a bag.  The entire situation  was disgusting in itself.	1
After sitting for the Standard 8 Exams for the second time in  1979, I had great joy when I heard that I was successful in the  Examination when the results were out.	3
When dropping a carton of boiling soup onto a co-worker's leg -  causing great pain, and for me, severe embarassment at my own  ineptitude, and shame that another person suffered as a result.	5
When I slipped on a glazed frost road and a car almost ran into  me.	2
Not doing something I had promised.	6
When my cousin passed away.	4
It was discovered that I had received a warning letter as my  G.P.A was very low.	5
My friend promised to take me out for a movie but he didn't turn  up.	1
I was told that I had passed the statistics exam.  I had not  expected this so I was very happy.	3
Telling friends about how my parents had been treating my  brothers and sisters unfairly.	5
Finding out I am not good looking.	4
Teacher suspected me stealing money.	5
When I quarrelled with a very close friend of mine.	4
Knowing that I had to do the survey with him I felt very  reluctant.  Although I do not know him I feel disgusted by just  looking at him.  Thinking that the project lasted several days I  regreted having joined that project.	1
When I was hungry, I tried to take the money that my mother  had saved up for something else.	5
Tutorial again !  A fearful feeling came to me when I sat on the  chair and looked at my fellow students all around.  I was really  scared that they would ask me some questions or challenge the  ideas that I had presented.	2
When a man, a stranger to me, personally insulted a close woman  friend of mine in public.	0
The behaviour of a fellow towards me and some others in the army  was really mean.  I detested this.	1
My friend still trusts me as a friend.	4
My roommate liked to listen to some meaningless songs which had  melody but had no content.  We lived together so when he played  the recorder I was forced to listen to them.  I could not tell  him that I did not like to listen to the songs, as I had no right  to disturb the freedom of others.  So I would find a pretext to  leave the room and go somewhere else.	1
When I was told that I was selected to attend Medical Assistant  Training.	3
Reading a horror story alone.	2
When I decided to take a week s holiday without consulting the  family first.	6
I felt this situation when a certain woman from a close village  shouted at my mother because she didn't get what she wanted, she  wanted some salt to put in her relish.	1
I am disgusted at the number of second year students who are  pregnant illegitimately.	1
My cousin knocked on the door, looking for me to get her watch  back.  I had given it to my girlfriend, Lizzy, as a present.	6
Not being accepted by classmates in university.	4
My sister was impolite to my father when the family was having  lunch together at a restaurant.  She thought that our parents had  been prejudiced against her, this was an extreme thought.	4
When I was told that a good friend was seriously ill.	4
This situation occurred when I entered into a smelling ward.	1
I was on my way home by bus.  A man who had drunk a fair amount of  alcohol started talking, trying to hug and pat a woman sitting  next to him.  Fortunately it was not me.	1
When I was an auxiliary nurse at the hospital and I had to change  the nappies, for the first time, of a very old and sick woman.	1
Every time, in the last few days, when my girlfriend told me that  she loves me.	3
I could not take care of my mother when she was admitted to a hospital   for surgery, I continued my studies as I could not get leave.	6
I had to undergo an operation in Summer and so my family had to  stay at home during the holidays.  I felt guilty, above all  because of my brothers.	6
Last Summer I went camping with some C.U students.  As I was  working then, I had to leave the second night (some of them had  joined us the first night).  Next morning, 6 o'clock, a female  classmate knocked on our door and tried to wake us up.  I was not  fully conscious and I said something which I should not have.  I  realized the trouble I had made and wanted to hide.  Later I  said sorry to her and the matter came to an end.	5
When a person whom I do not want to see is continously present.	5
When I failed my grade 7 exam at the first attempt in 1975.  My  father and the entire family thought that I was finished in life.   I really felt like hiding.	5
Not keeping a promise of delivering materials of great importance  to the receiver.	6
When a begggar approached me for money, I felt disgusted.	1
My grandfather had lung-cancer and was being nursed at  home.  I felt fear when I was alone with him and he almost choked  on mucus secretions.	2
Fight with my mate after a quarrel.	6
When a friend of mine died in a hiking accident.  I was not  present there and only got the news later.	4
A friend of mine trusted me to back her in a decision she had  made.  But when the moment came I did not agree with her opinion.	6
My mother suffers from a mental illness.  One night she was not  feeling well and was sent to the hospital.  I was scared that  she would die, and all night I was very sad and did not dare to  close my eyes.	4
When I was cycling through the park late one night, two people  jumped out of the woods and tried to stop me.  There were  shouting something at the same time.	2
I witnessed a scene in which two women were abusing each other.	1
When I saw that I had passed the university entrance exam.  It  made me forget all my problems.	3
I had to tell someone that I was interested in remaining celibate  and alone. And that my spiritual master strictly prohibited  sexual relations outside of marriage. This caused great fear  through lack of conviction afraid to hurt someone's feelings  despite my own being hurt in the process.	2
Just before I started my study I had to move, I was very afraid  to be left alone and that I could not manage it.	2
When I learnt that I had to repeat the first year, I found the  solution immediately but was blocked by many difficulties.	4
When I was in Bombay one of my good friends was getting married  and he had not informed me about it, this made me sad.	4
I had taken the responsibility to do something and I had  prepared for it.  However I failed because of my timidity.  After  three attempts I still could not adapt to the atmosphere and  failed as before.  I felt imcompetent and felt that the others  would think that I had not prepared for it.	4
A friend told me that a boy wanted to get to know me.  At that  time I felt disgusted and thought that it was a nonsense thing.	1
When I stole a book in class and the teacher caught me, the rest  of the class laughed at my attempt.	5
I stopped working (had a boring job).	3
The mother of a friend of mine passed by me and saw me sitting  on a boy's lap.  I tried to greet her but could not help  blushing.	5
When I came back to my hostel, my bed was full of newspapers and  dirty clothes.  My room-mate asked me to wash the clothes for him  as he had no time (this was his responsibility).  The food we  shared had been eaten up by him (I ate little).	0
I made my boyfriend so unhappy and depressed that I feel guilty.	6
I entered the hostel this year.  My mother was ill and could not  move and needed people to look after her.  Every week I left home  to go back to school, I felt guilty.	6
When I slept with a guy because my best friend wanted me to.   He had never had intercourse with anyone and had a terrible  complex about it.	1
After a quarrel with my mother in which matters were "inflated"  enormously.	6
English papers are due on Friday. They are returned on Tuesday.  This Tuesday I was afraid to go to class and get my paper because  I knew it was bad.	2
I made friends with a classmate whose behaviour I did not like -  he tried to flatter other people and did not respect me.	1
When my brother was born.	3
I was with a group of people and everybody told me to do or say  something.  It was a confusing, strong and traumatic situation  for me.	5
I felt guilty when I had refused to lend money to my friend who  needed it immediately.	6
When I was caught with my girlfriend in the house at night.	6
I passed an exam which I was not sure at all to pass.  I rejoyced  at the result because the possibility of continuing my studies  depended on it.	3
On my second plane trip, we ran into unexpected turbulence.	2
The curriculum of the year !   The English course was very heavy.   I had not prepared and the teacher asked several questions  during class.  The students were not ready to answer the  questions and the teacher was frustated.	1
When my father did not get back from Chipata on time, he was thus  holding back progress as everything depended on him.  I felt  angry over his actions.	0
When I state things with great positiveness and try to convince  others, and it appears that my statement is not right.	5
When the car I was driving skidded on an icy road and landed in    a ditch with one side against a rock.	2
I thought that I would be scolded for a comment I had made, which  I should not have made.	2
Unexpected visit by a close friend, whom I hadn't seen for half a  year.	3
Bad temper of the serving lady in the students' dining hall.	1
Talking to my close friend.	3
When I realized that I belonged to a country which is amongst the  poorest in the world and that inspite of having the resources we  do not utilize them.  I was ashamed at myself and my country,  shame at the lack of parity between the lifestyles of the  citizens.	5
When I recently thought about the hard work it takes to study, and   how one wants to try something else.  When I read a theoretical  book in English that I did not understand.	4
Waiting for a bus not coming for a long time, and the bus drivers  were having a long lunch.	1
I felt disgust with a lady teacher who used to nag, to mock, to  interrupt everyone of my fellow students each time we had a class  with her in our first year.	1
When males in my family try to assign house duties exclusively  with referance to sex.	0
The results of the mid term examinations were very poor.	6
As I was in a ward one man died and I was instructed to watch the  last offices. But this was my first time to see a dead person -  fear came.	2
Gave the wrong meal tickets to other people (my classmate).	6
I learned that a class-mate had given a list, of peolpe who help  each other in exams, to the professor.	0
I saw in a movie a block on which affluence and poverty existed.  I saw that the rich made no attempts to help the poor.	0
Death of a relative.	4
I made a very insulting remark against a person whom I care for  very much. This event was caused by a third person who didn't  like the person I insulted.	5
When I was told that my father had passed away.	4
When I was about six years old, I mistook a cat for a leopard       when it entered my room at night.	2
The day the results of the certificate exam came out.  I went to  school and at first I did not feel frightened.  By the time I  reached the fourth floor ( the results were being given on the  fifth floor) I found it difficult to walk and felt that I would  die.	2
When I was first exposed to the dead bodies, for dissecting         purposes at the school of medicine.	2
Having been unjustly punished, I feel disgust towards the person  responsible.	1
I felt disgusted when I was not given money for lunch at school  by my father as a punishment for beating my little brother.	1
The morning after a wild party.	5
At age 10 my foster grandmother died, I had a fear of dying.	2
A relative not acting on her promise.	1
When I got home from a pleasant trip abroad, I got to know that I  had been accepted at university.	3
My anger is with men, their inability to be human (not all men).	0
When after a storm in the country, I left my shelter and saw a  big, fat, slimy green toad by my side.	1
When I "passed out" a female friend of mine for no apparent  reason.  I was under the influence of drugs and when I am like  that I get mad at anyone, however small the provocation.	6
I had been watching a TV-program on paranormal phenomena.  At  night I could not fall off to sleep as I feared that humanoids  were on the move.	2
When the week for Exams came. I got afraid as to how I would  tackle the questions.	2
The emotion came when I misbehaved at school and the Principal  threatened me that I was going to be expelled.	2
When I was younger I was very good in apparatus gymnastics. I  always won in competitions, but once I was only at the fourth  place.	4
The elections of 1982 and 1985.  The thought of what a social  democrat and communist majority could achieve, especially "worker  share" funds and its extension.	4
A friend of mine has not very much money. Therefore, once I  stayed with him and his girlfriend, I bought some meat, but nobody  wanted to go and prepare it for dinner. My friend said "I thought  you wanted to invite us for dinner". "Of course", I said, but I  thought by myself that it must have been enough that I had bought  it.	5
Being asked to go out by someone I care. 	3
I was making very strong statements about infidelity in couples.  Then I discovered that one of my best friends, who had just been through  a very sad case of mutual infidelity, was listening.	5
I did not deliver a message on time.	6
My grandfather died, when I was an exchange student in the USA.	4
When I went out with my dog in a forest late at night when we  were on a camping.	2
I tried after months to begin talking to my boyfriend again. He  ignored me. I felt I had lowered my pride and became his  "doormat".	5
When my car suddenly broke down !	0
I had fear when I was left alone at the bus depot at night. I had  problems of how to move to this place.	2
I found out that someone that I knew had someone else taking  tests for her.	1
When I see someone vomitting.	1
When a student of mine (at music) performed and played remarkably well.	3
A friend was going to come stay the weekend with me, but  something came up and I cancelled out on him.	6
Getting a letter from a friend who did not write for a long time.	3
When I stayed in the house of friends, I washed my face and  wanted to dry it with a towel. This towel seemed to have been  used over a long time already. It smelled indefinably awful.	1
At an important moment in a volleyball game we made a point and  by this we won a set from a much stronger competitor.	3
It was necessary to organise a competition in connection with a  celebration. Everyone was to be present at that event. It turned  out that there was no audience at all because everyone had  pretended to be very intelligent and no one had come. I got  furious.	0
I was eating in the dinning hall and some women joined me.  I  could not eat with them so I left the dinning hall.	1
When I had to leave my mother and my sister after a week's visit.	4
At a choral concert I appeared as a solist. The concert5 was very  good, I forgot all the hard work that had been done before. There  remained only an undescribable joy and a feeling of warmth,  security etc.	3
Haven't felt shame for ages.	5
My boyfriend's mother, whom I had not met earlier, made an  unexpected visit.  I was lying lazily on the bed, reading a  newspaper and my boyfriend was studying.	5
A colleague asked me for some advice and as he did not have  enough confidence in me he asked a third person.	0
Having quarreled with a boyfriend, he threatened to leave me.	2
When my sister broke my china tea set.	0
When I saw all the very drunk kids (13-14 years old) in town on  Walpurgis night.	1
One day my room-mate started imitating me, doing what I had done  a few hours back.  I got very angry and started beating him up.	0
Doing unexpectedly well in an examn.	3
A friend gave me a lift and we met a road-block.  He tried  to  turn back when an officer shouted at us to stop.  My friend took a  turn suddenly and the officer raised his gun but by the time we  were gone.	2
When I saw that my bed at the hostel was a mess I guessed that  someone else had used my daily necessities.  I felt that my  personal  sanity had been affected.	0
My father died. I was away at the time and did not know until two  days after.	4
When I was notified that I had been accepted as a Psychology  student.	3
The passing away of my mum.	4
When I was going to bring back my girlfriend to LA to meet my  parents.	2
When a very close friend with whom I have a very intimate and  bodily relationship (he had a girlfriend) started to avoid me and  didn't want to talk to me any more.	0
Failed to be elected to be a class leader.	0
When I was mistakenly accused of being a thief when I accidently  gave a fake coin at a counter.  I realized this before I handed  over the coin, but the man called me a thief and called a  witness.	0
I forgot about a close relatives's birthday.	6
When I failed the S.S.C examination I felt very ashamed.	5
When I got the first compound through column.	3
Failed in a piblic argument.	5
When a friend of mine keeps telling me morbid things that  happened to his dog.	1
At the airport, eighty beer cans that I was carrying in a  bag spread all around while I was going through the metal  detector.	5
When thieves broke into our neighbour's house and later we heard  gunshots.	2
During a movie in which I saw the effect of white settlers in  Africa.	1
I had been in love with a certain young man who pretended to love  me but one day I found out that he had another girlfriend who was  also a friend of mine.	0
Canoeing across harbour in winds - 20 knots and rising seas.	2
A pig in the well from which we drink.	1
It was the first time I met him (my boyfriend Mr.W).  It was  during the first term Summer vacations.  We met each other while  handing in our homework.  He invited me have a trip with him and  we were together till 8 P.M.	3
Once while crossing a road I was overcome with fear.	2
When some of my close friends and colleagues talk about me and  my work and say that I am the brightest student of the college.	5
My father's death in January 1983 moved me deeply.  The gloom  prevailed for almost two years and I am still to recover from it.	4
My sister came back home and reproached me for not having tidied  up the house, although I had been working all morning and she had  done nothing.	0
I was sad to hear that my brother had a motorbike accident.	4
When I had just moved into my new appartment I found a ventilator  in the kitchen.  I was going to clean it when I found that the  drum was full of mud and slime.  I felt disgusted.	1
Next door nieghbour ran over his cat in driveway, he tried to  finish it off with a flat shovel. I would have taken cat to  veterinary to either kill humanely or cure.	1
One day I was really angry when all my food was eaten by a dog.  My anger was against my mother because she was careless. She  didn't keep the food in a hidden and proper place.	0
When I learnt that my younger sister had been expelled from  secondary school because she was pregnant.  That was the second  time that this happened in the family - the first time it had  been my elder sister.	0
I wrote a letter to my father to ventilate my bottled up  feelings. Afterwards I thought it was too negative.	5
I was with my colleagues and we met an elderly man who was very  drunk, as he approached us he started to undress.	5
Whenever I see an alcoholic.	1
I added a little   ?   to a yield in an experiment to get more of  a yield.	6
When I was younger I often saw my father come home drunk (he had  big problems at that time). Once he woke me up in the middle of  the night and shouted at me.	1
When my friend promised that she would come to my place, and did  not turn up - I was annoyed at her.	0
When I was admitted to the Higher Institute.	3
Forgot to collect post for a friend.	6
The death of my father, even though we had not been very close to  each other.	4
I stayed alone in the dark at night in the mountain, waiting for  my uncle.  I remember that I took a big stone and it calmed me.	2
When I let my girlfriend use my essay to help her to write hers  and the tutor found them alike.	5
When I stood first in the B.A exams.  Earlier I had heard of  these boys and girls who were toppers, but when I first heard of  me having topped I could not believe it.	3
A man in a car was following me when I went running early one  morning in a fairly secluded area.	2
I lost my self-control and raised my voice at a child.	6
One day in a clinic, the father of a child came in and assaulted  a colleague for something that she had not done deliberately.	0
Celebrations on the graduation day with the orchestra playing in  the garden ( I am a part of this orchestra).	3
When harassed by this boy - it was sexual (refer to GUILT).	5
An Engineer I know wants war so he can get a job making bombs.	1
Fear is an emotion that I experience very often.  Naturally this  is during exams and subsequently while waiting for the results.   However there is one occassion when I was paralyzed with fear.   This was when I was doing my M.A.-I, and we had a series of student  lectures.  I was one of the participants and my lecture happened  to be the opening lecture.  I had been confident all morning, about  twenty minutes before the lecture, my confidence started failing  me.  I felt my heart go cold, my lips go dry and I was really  paralyzed.  This incident of fear is still fresh.	2
When I was convinced that someonne had broken into my flat and I  woke up and heard sounds that frightened me.	2
When I heard that I had been selected for the university.	3
When I got 1 mark in an Abnormal Psychology exam.	5
Somebody went around spreading news that I like people with  money.	1
I was having an argument with my brother on his behavior, then we   started fighting and I got annoyed at him because he started  teasing me.	0
The behaviour of people spitting everywhere.	1
I was the last among the list of failures in my class of Biology.	5
Someone stole a K10 note and the teacher thought that it was me  when I was not responsible for the theft.	1
When I felt that my love was returned.	3
When I did not succeed in finding a job after having finished a  nonacademic degree.	6
I took my father's car to church one Sunday (I told them that's  where I was going ) I decided instead to go for a drive to the  beach - on the way I got a puncture.	6
It appeared that I gave correct answers to all questions during  an examination of personality while I thought I performed very  badly. Even now, I don't know how I managed it.	3
The first time I really fell in love with a girl.	3
When my grandmother came to stay with us permanently as she is a  very difficult person to stay with and when she started telling  false stories about us to other people.	1
I hit my cousin badly after she threw away my dresses in a  pit-latrine that the little girl fainted.	6
Saw Chinese people flattering foreigners.	1
The headmistress at a secondary school accused me of banging the  classroom door when I didn't in front of the whole class.	0
I saw some images of a decapitation in a horror film.	1
As the time to get the results drew near I became more and more  anxious.  My friend called me and said, " You have passed."  My  heart was full of joy.	3
During lectures, I sensed an unexpressed understanding with a boy  I did not know.  We exchange glances ; I think he likes me, and I  like him too.  Perhaps he has fallen in love with me .........	3
I feel always guilty before my parents when I come home and have  to tell them I have failed an exam.	6
I was 4-5 years old when I hid the bicycle keys of a not very  good friend.  After a few hours I pretended that I had found  it.	6
Getting a part-time job.	3
When my behaviour was immoral - thinking about sex.	6
While travelling in a bus with an invalid ticket, I got caught.	6
When I stepped on a snake at home, it was dark but there was  moonlight.	2
When my girlfriend left me.	4
While playing indoor-hockey, there always is an older man who  frequently and intentionally plays the ball out of the field. In  my opinion this is very childish, because we play for fun only.	0
When I met a good friend of mine after a long time.	3
My being admitted to UNZA.	3
I realized the girl liked to be with me.	3
At night when I was alone at home (all the family members usually  get together at that time) someone knocked vigorously on the  door.	2
They asked me to throw the rubbish into a dustbin which had some  awful liquid accumulated at the bottom.	1
Waiting for a taxi - when within 1/2 an hour two separate people  challenged me to fight for no apparent reason except they were  drunk.	2
When I saw a picture, in the Gothenburg Post, of a totally  demolished car with two fatally injured passengers.  The car was  so badly damaged that they couldn't get the bodies out at the  scene of the accident.	1
I was travelling back home by boat with two friends of mine after  a lovely holiday trip.  The night and the sea were dark, and the  wind was blowing.  I feared that death was there on the boat, I  somehow felt sure about it.  I feared being left alone.	2
When I was accepted as a student at the college, not having  thought it possible.	3
Like guilt - the most ashamed I have ever felt was when I began  to feel guilty about having sex with my boyfriend when it was  only "the thing to do", and not really an act of love.	5
Friend (male) hinted that my talking to other men at a pub was  immoral. He implied that I should remain only with my boyfriend  the entire evening.	0
Confronted outside a party by some very nasty character -  gesturing to a car full of mean-acting friends - felt in danger.	2
I came home and discovered that someone had broken in. Then I  realized that they probably were still there.	2
When I was in grade one, one day I felt like going to the toilet  during class but I was very scared of the teacher so I urinated  in the class.	5
My mother was always fastidious about my room, bed time, etc.   She treated us strictly and punished us physically.   These  things were intolerable.	1
Saw people spitting in public.	1
When I was forced to call the telephone company about a bill  concerning a disconnected phone belonging to my landlord.  The  bill was four months overdue and in the meanwhile he had been  using my phone, he seemed to have no intention of having his own  phone reconnected.	0
I was very sad when I heard that my brother had failed the  standard 8 exams for the third time.	4
Recently, I left my bag in the car of someone who picked me up  while hitch-hiking. I spent some effort to find out where he  lived (I succeeded).	5
I found myself a place after looking for one for a long time.	3
I failed to show up at an agreed date.	6
I felt some disgust for my boyfriend for a time, after he had  left me.	1
Not acting on my promise.	6
Noticing my flat had maggotts !	1
When I was hitch-hiking and I went with a man who drived like a  madman.	2
Being told that I am a stupid person.	0
When I received my results and found out that I could not go to a  school of my choice.	4
Some classmates said I did not do enough social work. Therefore I  was not elected as a "Tree Good" student.	0
I passed an exam that I was absolutely certain that I had failed.	3
Once when I said bad things concerning a friend.	5
NO RESPONSE	1
When I masturbated in my room.	6
A friend unjustly put the blame on me to relieve his conscience  and also spread lies for the same purpose.	1
When I forgot the lines of the play during an orientation camp.	2
Not doing well in examns which I should do well (English examns).	5
Was threatened with a knife ... in the military by soldiers form  another unit. The reason was girls.	2
Our class had organized a picnic in November.  I was the class  representative so I became the organizor.  However the picnic  was postponed by one week and I had something else to do then.  Initially I did not ponder on what to do and decided to go for  the picnic.  When I had the time to think about it I thought that  my decision was wrong.  My classmates thought that I would go as  I had signed my name but I did not go.  I told another class  representative that I was not going but he did not know the  reason behind my not going.  After the picnic my classmates asked  me why I had not gone to the picnic and everytime someone  mentioned it I was apologetic.  I should have decided right in  the begining that I would not go and then they would not see me  as irresponsible i.e promising to go and changing my mind  afterwards.	6
A person I trusted a lot gave me many false explanations to  justify a wrong action.	0
I had prepared a special meal for my boyfriend but when my  brother came home he ate it all.  I was really disgusted about it.	1
When a thunder belt hit the roof top of the building I was in.	2
It was in a tramway-carriage: A stranger insulted a girl just  because she blew her nose. I detested his behaviour.	1
When I overate at lunch.	6
Most recently when the chairman at the New Zeeland Rugby Union  announced that the All Blacks' would accept the invitation of  South Africa to play rugby in that country.	0
A good report card (a scholarship) in primary school.	3
I went home all alone from a restaurant. It was dark, I went very  fast. Behind me, there were some drunk men who shouted at me. By  chance, I met some friends who accompanied me.	2
Doing poorly on an exam that I thought I should do well.	5
I wandered by mistake into the safety zone of a shooting range,  and was shot at.	2
In August,1983, the long awaited "big envelope" (a document for  C.U.H.K admission) arrived.  It was in the afternoon and I had  not been doing anything.  When the postman, with his big bag,  knocked on the door I knew what it was about.  I hurriedly  opened the envelope and my mood at that time is hard to describe.   It lasted several hours and only calmed down later.	3
A terrible cloud-burst started when we were camping in a tent on  a great bald field.	2
Cueing for bath for a long time.	1
Last year my freshman yr. It was a day in March I did well on  some tests. I seemed to finally adjust to college, it was hot and  sunny. I was walking in front of a frat. when I heard Beach Boys  "Surfin'USA". I had this overwhelming feeling that to be at CAL  was good. I still have it somewhat.	3
When I broke something and a friend of mine was blamed.	6
I told my boy friend not to park in a certain place because the  car would ger towed away - he didn't listen and it was towed away.  At that stage, our finances were below the poverty line & it  cost us $10.00 - all the money we had to get us through that week  (including rent).	0
Unjust accusations directed at me and my way of acting, by  someone close to me.  	0
I felt disgusted when I found out that someone had betrayed me.  That person had been dishonest with me and I felt used.	1
Saw a father beating up his small child.	4
I had made an error in planning a programme and had publicly  accepted the mistake, despite repeated requests not to bring the  matter for discussion a professor kept constantly passing remarks.  I reacted angrily.  	0
When I received a letter of acceptance to CAL.	3
When I failed my Primary school leaving Examinations. I never  thought I would fail. When I heard I had failed I really felt  ashamed of myself.	5
I was watching a procession during the Holy week, and a penitent  approached me.	2
An old woman was violently thrown down the stairs of the tube by  a group of louts.	0
I was driving my car and it was very misty. It was in the night  and I was alone in my car. I felt totally insecure, nervous and  overstrained.	2
I told my friend something confidential which was supposed to  remain between the two of us.  The next thing that happened was  that a girl who is not even close to us came laughing and askad  me to tell her about it.  I was very angry with my friend as I  had trusted her.	0
My younger sister was almost run over by a lorry.	6
When I got associated with a boy one year ago, I neglected my  best friend. When the relation with this boy finished she behaved  very easy-going towards me. I felt guilty then.	6
In a study group, a person always liked to argue on some  unimportant, irrelevant and minor points.  He tried to persuade     others in an unfriendly way.  He was obstinate and would not accept   other's point of view.	1
During a summer holiday at a bar I happened to see a dead to the  world woman.	1
I felt disgust when I saw a drunkard vomiting very offensive  matter.	1
Watching a TV documentary on seal clubbing.	1
A and I were walking along the new Asia stairway to the Chung Chi  college for our lecture and I saw him with her.  He put one arm  around her shoulder and laugher brightly and joyfully.  I did not  dare and did not want to look, just walked by them quickly.  The  interest of talking to A disappeared and I just wanted to remain  silent.  But I did not want A to know and so I left him and went  to F.  I should have expected this to happen.	4
One of my best friends was found lying flat on the road because  he was drunk and was taken by the police and put in a cell. I  went to see him the following morning, the place was really a  mess and was smelling badly. I didn't like it.	1
Someone had stolen an article from a library journal.	1
I was talking badly about a person to some friends, and  discovered that his daughter was listening.	5
Close friends talking badly of other friends.	1
I had this experience of fear when few people were fighting at a  social one night, which one of my relative was involved. My fear  was greatly for him because he was being assaulted badly.	2
Some men were talking about me and my sister.	5
When I won my car. 	3
I had a very good friend in secondary school.  The year after our  graduation I prepared to celebrate her birthday and I called off  all my appointments.  I got together the other friends and we  were ready to give the entire day to her.  However this friend  disappeared on her birthday.  When I phoned another friend I  didcovered thay she was busy, I did not call her anymore.	0
When my brother-in-law's brother stole my clothes when my  brother-in-law and I had gone to cut wood for the fire.	0
When I got divorced from my husband after ten years of marriage.	4
" I have been hearing rumours that you have not been allowing  people in your room," he said.  This sentence really shot my  heart.  I failed to find the right words, instead I walked away  without uttering a word.	0
When I passed successive exams to enter the school of medicine.	3
When my favourite football team made a goal and was about to  win the Cup of England.	3
The joy came to me when I heard that I was going to start a  Medical course at the Lilongwe School for Health Sciences.	3
I borrowed my friend's radio cassette and the plug cracked and  some pieces broke off when the plug dropped off my hands.	6
My girlfriend disliked it when I played majong (a game of gambling).   I expressed my regrets and when I went to see her she neglected my  existance.  I was very angry and left in displeasure.	0
I was very angry with a girlfriend for interferring a little too  much with my personal affairs. I told her so rather strongly and  she started crying.	6
When I heard that my father had passed away. I could not eat for  a week and was only crying. I could not find the courage to go to  bath.	4
When I saw the pictures of the draught in Etiopia.	4
My friend had written a letter to me, the contents of which I  misunderstood and I wrote back a very harsh letter to her.  On  realizing the blunder I had made, I felt like hiding my face in  the sand.	6
A close friend of mine was leaving for graduate school out of  state. I had arranged to gather some people together the day  before he left to be with him and have a good time, but I didn't  pay as much attention to him as I should have.	6
When I was taking my girlfriend out, she seemed to have taken  her time.	1
Finding out about the university does not have enough foreign  currency to buy the yournals in your reference list.	4
One night we were having a barbecue on the beach and I needed to  go to my car, which was far away from the beach.  It was very  dark as there were no street lamps.  I ran in the dark, very  scared, I ran as fast as possible.	2
A piece of work was marked as bad by the teachers I and some  fellow students didn't agree with their vague criticism. I felt  myself taken in by the teachers and felt disgust.	1
I experienced this emotion when my grandfather passed away.	4
My class leader told me the university won't let all of us go to  your lectures because we are not All English Class.	0
I went to a pub with a group of friends (not very close) and  I was with one girl most of the time, while the other girls in the  group wanted to be with me.  They stopped talking to the girl I  was with.	6
I came across a girl at the school bus-stop, I had seen her  several friends as she was a friend's friend.  However my friend  had never introduced me to her and when she got off the bus I  smiled at her but she did not respond pretending not to have seen  me.  Her arrogant behaviour made me sick and angry.	0
I insulted a couple of good friends of mine and even tried to hit  them when I was drunk.  The next day, I was ashamed of course.	5
I asked someone to bring some present to my father and found out  that he is not a reliable person. I was afraid if my father would  not get the presents he would be angry with me.	2
It was shocking news to me when I received a telegram from home  telling me that my grandmother had passed away. I had to go home to attend  the funeral but unfortunately I found that the burial had already  taken place.	4
During the Christmas holidays, I met some of my old friends,  after not having seen them for six months.	3
I was hitchhiking and was picked up by a stranger he drove into  the woods and wanted to make love with me, I refused and escaped  from the car. When walking in the wood and hearing the car I was  afraid.	2
When I was in lower six class during the Summer I joined a  research group of the Chinese university student union.  I knew  a lot of CV students there.  A year later one of them was  travelling in mainland China and he got T.B.  He died a few weeks  after coming back to H.K.  We all got together for the funeral  and when I looked at the body for the last time I felt extremely  sad.	4
Found money on the road and returned it to the owner through  police.	3
When my grandfather died, with whom I had a very close  relationship.	4
A relationship in which I had put my trust, broke up.  I was sad  when I realized how easy it is to forget something that one had  once regarded as great and significant.	4
During the period of falling in love, each time that we met and  especially when we had not met for a long time.	3
When I had to give a speech about some historical event, to an  audiece of about 200 people my own age whom I did not know.	2
I tried to talk to my parents over the phone, as I wanted to go  home for the week-end and I knew that I would not be able to bear  it.  I tried to reduce the gulf and the conflict between us by  talking in order to unite our worlds.  Result : hysterical mess,  blinding and blaming.	4
Together with a little brother I biked on a lonely road in the  Polder. Then we were annoyed by a boy on a motorbike: he  took over, stopped, took over, etc. Then we saw he had something  in his hand, we turned until we came across a man, who  accompanied us.	2
When I came for the lesson, it was cancelled and I had to fill in  a questionnaire instead.	0
When my uncle and my neighbour came home under police escort.	6
A relative died.	2
My sister gave birth to twins, healthy ones.	3
A time when, as part of my work, I was sent out actually sort of  volunteered to run an errand for someone who had no authority to  send me out and the address was very far especially on foot and  turned out to be incorrect too. The whole trip was a waste.	0
Before the examn.	2
When I saw a scene on T.V where a castration was shown.	1
When fired unjustly from a job as casual bar-person. Charged with  giving away free drinks. Not done so and had witnesses to prove  it - both patrons and bar staff. Other staff were supportive.	0
When I was told that my daughter, who is at a boarding school,  was very ill and that they needed me there the same day.	2
I had a discussion with my wife about an over-weight acquaintance of  our's, about her eating habits and the scars caused by her  pregnancy.	1
When I passed the driving test already on the first try, although  I felt more and more uncertain as the day came near.	3
Landlord putting up rents sneakly and slimily.	0
When I passed the first year and so I could come back for my  second year.	3
When my sister - after a history of one abortion and one  stillbirth - gave birth to a perfectly healty boy.	3
While taking a short cut through the Vasa park, I was surrounded  by three people who tried to steal my money.  I was scared and  was saved only by the appearance of other people.	2
When I saw a person I had not seen for a long time.	3
The exam was drawing near and I wanted to prepare for it.  But I  had a lot of other things to do so I did not have much time to prepare   for the exams.  Whenever I sat down to study I was scared that I would   not be able to finish it.	2
When my boyfriend said he did not want to see me anymore (which  turned out to be untrue).	4
Once while playing tennis with my classmate I lost a few tennis  balls.  I found one near the tennis court and took it to be mine  despite thinking that it might belong to the student in the next  court.  I felt guilty.  Later someone came to me to claim the  ball and I gave it back to him.	6
When I got an unexpected letter from  a guy, who had been my school  mate.	3
When I heard of the death of my mother.	4
I had wasted some time instead of doing something I needed to do  to give to a friend. (Also in the time I wasted I had done some  things I did not consider morally right).	6
At times I have been attracted to conducts which are socially  degraded due to their ill consequences, and then I feel guilty.	6
Passing an examination, although I felt sure I had failed.	3
I remember that once, a friend did not co-operate with me due to  some unavoidable reasons.  Unaware of this I treated her unjustly  till I realized everything, and then I felt ashamad of my deeds. 	5
When I dated a close girlfriend's boyfriend a few times. He told  me that it was over between them and I accepted it.  When she  found out she finished our friendship.	5
Feeling helpless, not being able to accomplish what I really  wanted to do.	6
When reading a newspaper story of a man who had committed  incestuous acts on his two-year old child - the thought that  anyone could do such a thing is abhorrent to me.	1
I took an exam which I failed terribly as I had not studied.	5
When I was told that I had no right to control my lover.	1
I borrowed a friend's books and forgot I had them, she asked for  them back and I told her I didn't have them. I duly found and  returned them.	6
When I copy someone else's problem set.	6
Once I had some homework to do and I did not do it.	6
When I was sick my husband bought me a piece of cake.	3
Being misunderstood by friends.	4
When I heard a lion roar for the first time.	2
When I lost my grandmother.  She had been my guardian after the  death of my father.	4
When an old schoolfriend phoned me to arrange an appointment to  talk about old memories. I hadn't seen him for 8 years.	3
I was once called in court in Zemba Traditional court to answer a  charge of impregnanting a young lady, I felt guilty for she had  some letters which I used to write her as an exhibit in court.	6
I felt so afraid when dad fell ill, he had never suffered from  that disease since and I had never seen him as he was.	2
After having quarelled with a relative of mine about politics.	0
When my boyfriend sat up half the night playing computer games  with a friend.	0
This was the worst incident of my hostel life.  I was insulted by  a close friend of mine on the eve of the New year and it totally  spoiled my New year's night.	0
I would have liked to go out to chat with some acquaintances, but  I realized that I was not wanted.  I felt hurt, disappointed,  lonely and deserted.	4
I cannot remember exactly such a situation. But I know that  once I went to a very dirty lavatory and that disgusted me.	1
I was walking alone in the street late at night (2.30 am). It was  very quiet. Then a man approached me and said "Hello".	2
Saw a blue film in a cinema.	6
My friend and I planned to search for old documents and utensils  in the cellar. It was very late at night when we arrived in the  cellar. He indicated the place where the police (40 years ago) found  two dead bodies. I got very scared when he told me this story.	2
The time when someone let the air out of the tyres of my cycle.	0
When my grandfather died.	4
Robbery mentioned under sadness.	1
One of my best friends accused me of giving up to early on  problems. It was only a casual remark on her side, but I was  angry and hurt.	0
It was when I drunk urine during my childhood thinking it was  water. My friend had urinated in the tin.	1
I was angry this morning when I missed the train to university.	0
My girlfriend who had been very far away from me came to my  place. She saw me and ran after me. I didn't know that she had  come. I couldn't see her. She held my shoulders standing behind  me.	3
On a holiday in France I made a walk in the woods all alone and  very relaxed. Then a motorbike took me over and I saw the man  watching all the time. Suddenly the man stood behing me and I ran  away fast.	2
When I go out alone at night.	2
Selling the appartment after my divorce.	6
Hearing of the death of a friend who had been skiing.	4
After having taken an exam i feared having failed it.	2
Uncleaniness at my work place.  The place is generally not very  clean, but when it reaches a point, I get angry at the person  who is supposed to clean the place and the people who are  supposed to supervise him.	0
When I was accepted for a course on finance and accounting.	3
When my grandmother passed away.	4
When taking part in the mobbing of one of my best friends in  primary school.	5
I felt disgusted when my appointment to meet the E.N.T.  specialist had been turned down. The specialist came from U.K.  and went the same day and we do not have one.	1
In an express bus I sat on a seat meant for senior citizens and  invalids.	5
We had to move to a very different city because the company where  my father worked also moved to that place. It was very difficult  for me to make new friends than.	0
When I had to walk along a dark road alone.	2
When my father was very drunk and raging at home.	2
I was very sad when I heard that my uncle had passed away  untimely at home.	4
I was walking alone along the place where people fear that there  are always thieves there and the people who kill their friends  during the night two months ago.	2
Out on a weekend with a group of people, everybody felt irritated  because at night the music didn't stop in time. And at breakfast  my boyfriend ran away because we didn't agree with him. I felt  angry.	0
When I was going home for my holiday, I almost drowned in the  Zambezi river.	2
The government's announcement of the withdrawal of the student  allowances in 1984.	0
In traffic I often get relatively angry with other drivers.  Several transgressions make me mad, especially not yielding to  priority traffic (e.g. coming from the right).	0
When my mother entered surgery for a quadruple heart bypass. I  felt intense fear at the time she was actually wheeled away.	2
Insulted by somebody.	5
I came across a woman in town who was very drunk.  She was  swearing at everyone and carried on drinking even though she  could hardly stand.	1
I came home one day and discovered that my sister had borrowed my  car and had gotten into an accident with it. My entire front  bumper was destroyed.	0
When a "friend" woke me up in the middle of a blessful sleep by  knocking on the door.  Then he started calling me names and  saying that he had heard that I had been talking behind his back, this  was a lie and the guy was drunk to the core.	1
One day I was angry with my friend who went into my drawer and  took a piece of paper on which I wanted to write a letter and  used it for her business without my knowledge.	0
When we stayed in Vienna with our class, my friend and I behaved  incorrectly. Our teacher threatened us with exclusion from  school.	2
We got news that my (almost) 21 years old brother died while  visiting Europe of a cerebral hemorhage. It finally hit me an  hour after we saw his corpse in the coffin. It felt like a door  between himself and everything had closed and locked forever.	4
I felt very sad when I was in Form three to notice that my friend  Barley Jumbe, had lost very expensive new sports short trousers.	4
When a close friend did not write.	0
The fact that my mother is getting married again (my mother and  father divorced about 15 years ago) means that she will probably  move to Turku, and our home, which is a one family house, will be  sold (I myself have not been living at home for the past six  years).	4
I had gone to aa bookshop to buy some books.  Somehow, I got very  cross with the security guard checking through what I had bought.   I lost my temper and screamed at him.  Later I felt very ashamed  at myself as a lot of people I know were there.	5
Found out that the girl I love loves me, too.	3
I am one of four directors of a company. We inherited land held  by our family - ours is the 5th generation. A "democratic"  decision was made to stap-bank an area of mangroves.	0
When, after drinking a glass of water, I found a cockroach walking  out of the glass.	0
I felt guilty when I thought that I was still not standing on my  own feet.	6
Friends calling me fat - pear shaped in front of a nice girl.	1
I felt sad when I was told to walk out of the classroom because I  was within the row of students who were making noise.	4
When we were able to afford a new sofa - a leather one which cost  SEK 20000.  I had waited for it for 2-3 years.	3
During the last academic year i.e 1983/1984 just before the  closure, we were surrounded and threatened by the paramilitary  forces.	2
When the morning newspaper has not arrived.	0
When I was a young teenager (14)  my brother-in-law to be had  made heavy advances to me.  I did not understand very well what  it was all about but I reacted strongly and the feelings are  still there.	1
When I embarrassed a friend by asking him aloud if a certain  person was "the source of gossip" he told me about, while that  person was also present.	5
Despite my being affectionate, sincere, and helpful to close   relatives of mine; they turned around and accused me of being  inconsiderate in my relationship with them.	1
Whenever I spoke to a female classmate I felt disgusted.  She  said meaningless things and seemed to indicate something to me  but I did not love/like her.	1
I was called and invited to have a talk about a job I wanted to have.	3
There was a time when my room looked terribly untidy; just at  that time my aunt came to see me; fortunately I could prevent her  from entering the room.	5
I feared that my dog's eye was infected too much. He had played  around in the weeds and a foxtail had gotten under his eyelid. I  took him to the vet and I feared that he may go blind because of  the foxtail.	2
This happened recently, I  was in the dining hall and one of my  friends with whom I was eating called me a fool.	0
I broke a window of a neighbouring house and I feared my mother's  judgement and action on what I had done.	2
While having an argument with my daughter, I got angry and  over-excited and said angry words.	6
I could have passed the last exam of the public competition, but  I failed as I had not studied.	6
When my friends tried to discriminate against my friendship with  certain other friends which they thought was improper.	0
I got angry at my mother for something trivial.  We were in a  bad mood because my father was very ill and I knew that my mother  really needed support.  I had reacted wrongly.	6
When my friends left without waiting for me, after we had arranged  to go out together.	0
I told Mr Winter of Downtown Fashion to go to - when he did not  accept my Visa !	5
Receiving a much wanted letter from a very good friend who lives  abroad.	3
Prolonged "niggling" of friend on a single theme which I  considered of no consequence.	1
A friend came for dinner with me at home. His parents are  ordinary people. My mother, however, used the very expensive  porcelain dinner-service and the silver cutlery. I felt very  ashamed.	5
When I was told that I had not been successful in getting the job I  had been expecting.  I was sure that I was sufficiently  qualified.	4
One night we, all the family members, were sitting in the front  corridor of the house when a gentleman looking person came in.   He was my father's client and he had come to bribe my father in  connection with the proceeding case.  At my father's refusal he  abused my father, my brother and I could not control our temper  and we rushed at him.	0
Once while walking along a hill; I fell down out of carelessness  and I broke my left arm.	2
I felt anger at my roommate due to his habit of leaving dirty  dishes in the sink and generally not cleaning after himself.	0
I hit my little sisiter on the head with a stone while we were  fighting.	6
Death of my father.	4
I received a wedding invitation from an ex-flatmate, enclosed was  a small note that overcame a lot of the differences that had  arisen between us due to the circumstances in which she left the  flat.	3
When I woke up after a nightmare.	4
I saw someone that I thought I knew repeatedly drunk. I do not  like to be around alcoholics.	1
When I was a child I often quarrelled with my younger sister.  Once I became so angry that I slapped her in the face. She cried  and shouted so that my mother came in and scolded me.	6
I was very happy when I received the year end results as I was  worried about how well I had done.  I was very happy to know that I  had passed.	3
Lately I've felt guilty because I'm folling behind in my classes  and not studying much.	6
I went to my boyfrien's house. There I found clothes of a certain  girl. Without asking whose clothes they were I started tearing  them only to realise that they were his sister's and so I felt  guilty.	6
Doesn't apply.	1
Soiled my short trousers with faeces.	5
Being insulted on a bus.	0
When my gradmother died.	4
I gave tutorial to a student and I found that he was lazy, he did  not pay attention to what I taught.  He did some easy questions  wrong deliberately.	0
When somebody stole my brother's disco machine.	0
I may not be clever enough to understand your English lectures.	2
I forgot to lock the outside door at my Land Lady's place.	6
This was when the girl I was in love with accepted my proposal  and everything went smoothly, just as I had wanted it to.  It was  contrary to my previous feelings of uncertainty about her  response.	3
My nephew's mother just left one day (my brother and she were  not married). My nephew, Anthony, was shaken. I was sad for him  because a similar situation happened to me.	4
When I was able to buy my new car, after lots of problems.	3
There was joy in me when I heard that I was to take a course as a  Medical Assistant.	3
When I passed the last exam, which I had doudts about.	3
When I received a positive answer from my appeal to withdraw my  registration at UNZA.	3
Watching an old lady running up the street to catch her bus and  miss it, it reminded me of my own mother and how dreadful it  would be to be her in the same situation.	4
When I passed and qualified for the university.	3
When a patient in the ward died (one who had been under my care).  I felt as if I didn't give the appropriate care to the patient.	6
Getting into a crowded bus.	1
When I sided with my mother in a quarrel she had with my father  before they briefly separated.	6
A truth expressed unthinkingly at a coffee party.  I realized  later that I had been inconsiderate, at a wrong moment and the  wrong place.	5
I ate very fattening food in front of my boyfriend who would like  me to lose weight. I am supposedly pursuing a modelling career  but first I must lose weight. I had been trying to diet.	5
Squeezed the puppy in the door.	6
I felt sad at having to leave my girlfriend after constant problems  and failed attempts at reconciliation.  My sadness was caused by  the irreversibility of the decision.	4
An uncle of mine who just retired, having worked hard all his  life, got a cerebral hemorrhage.	4
When they threw my holder down on the floor, with all my notes for  an exam inside it and they got all mixed up.	0
When my parents-in-law scolded me, without any reason, in front of the  other members of my family for the first time.  They had called  me from my room where I had been studying for my exams.	1
When I damaged my wristwatch which I liked very much.	0
Falling in love with a close friend.	6
Someone vomited on the street.	1
China cannot give your lectures bigger place and sound system.	5
When caught shoplifting and the police were called in parents  also informed.	5
I was afraid when my first boyfriend threatened to make an end to  our relationship because he didn't love me enough while I loved  him very much.	2
I did badly in the mid term examination.	5
My sweatheart were away on a trip, and then she got problems.	4
My girlfriend's results in school had become worse because I  prevented her from learning (we often went out etc.).	6
I was amongst a group of people talking about how the Maori  people were stirrers and causing trouble in our country. I felt  shame to be a pakeha when other pakehas had such narrow  conservative views.	5
The day I came home drunk after having attended a disco party.	6
I was furious when the teacher pointed out in class that I  was the quietest girl in class.	0
One night I saw a man being knocked down by two other men. The  victim was kicked against his head.	1
My little cat which I had raised all by myself, hanged itself when  playing in the garden.	4
Guilt at often being unable to visit a close relative in hospital  after her death I felt very guilty and wished I had done more.	6
We had a day off from school. Instead of helping my mother with  her job, I stayed in bed all day.	6
My brother came to see me and found me with a boy friend.  When  my boyfriend greeted him, he did not answer and instead started  shouting at me and scolding me in the prescence of my boyfriend.	5
When our government decided to withdraw student allowances as it  was one of the conditions imposed by the IMF.  	0
One day in class, the professor asked me a question concerning something  he had been explaining.  He was very close to me (beside me) and I  had no idea what to answer.	5
This also happened when I was very small.  I was beaten up by my   mother for no fault of mine, I had just beaten up my younger  brother for what I thought was his fault.  I was very angry with  my mother.	0
I was on my way back from the Inter Rail, on board the ferry from  Stockholm when my father called me at 7 o'clock to tell me that my  uncle had died and that I would be seeing him off on his final  journey within four days.	4
I am afraid of my academic results as I will face several  problems.  I am scared of my limitations and the unlimited  problems and I do not know how to cope with them.	2
My parents attitude towards each other when they should become  reconciled, despite my father's long-time addiction.	1
I was caught sneaking sweets.	6
When someone close to me is travelling by car and is delayed.	2
When I take a look into a slaughter-house and when listening to  stories about torturing people or animals.	1
When I was young - 14, I pinched from a store and was caught.   The store then contacted my parents.	6
Telling a lie.	5
I was river rafting in Nev. and our boat tipped over and I was  sucked under in to some rocks and got stuck and all I could think  was that I was going to die. And it was so quiet under the water  it seemed like no one would care or remember.	2
It so happened that while staying at anaunt's place I discovered  that I was afraid of sleeping in pitch darkness.  The room  which my sister and I were sharing had no light, and I would  refuse to sleep without having the light of the adjoining  bathroom switched on.	2
When I almost walked on a snake.	2
When I received my S.Y.J.C results which did not allow me to get    admission in engineering.	4
When I caused much pain and sorrow to my boyfriend by finishing  our relationship.	4
I felt guilty when I tore a photograph I found at my boyfriend's  place only to realise that it was his sister who was on the  photograph.	6
When, after having cleaned up the kitchen, two hours later I saw  that there was a big mess. It irritated me very much.	0
Hearing about a friend back home that had to have his stomach  pumped because he had overdosed on pills.	4
I was on a trip to Phillipines during Summer and I was staying in  a hotel.  The room I was staying in was very silent and had very  dim lights.  The last night I felt frightened and lay awake - I  could hear some sounds around me and dared not open my eyes - I  waited for dawn.	2
I borrowed $ 20.00 from a friend and paid him back much later  than I had originally intended.	5
A friend asked to borrow my notes and I did not give them away  (my notes too badly written)	6
I can't remember being truly angry. Usually it's just  disappointment that I feel. One situation would be with my  brother. He and I used to be close but now he seems to be  avoiding me.	0
When I had sufficient amount of money, I brought more clothes for  myself than for the children - I  felt bad about it.	6
Finding out I was chosen for the English lectures.	3
When I got to know that I had passed the university entrance  exam.  I thought that I had done one of the exams badly.	3
When someone chased me from his house.	0
On May 20th I got a summon to appear in court on May 28th 1985 on  the subject of impregnanting a school girl. I really feared of  standing in the court in a few days time after this notice. I was  also embarassed due to formal approach that was expected of me to  the Principal.	2
A friend came to visit me late one night. He promised to stay  only a quarter of an hour, but he stayed 5 hours !! He didn't  leave and I was very angry.	0
Afraid I wouldn't catch the train when I was going to see my  sweetheart.	2
I saw a physically handicapped young man whose spittle ran out of  his mouth while speaking.	1
Saw someone messing up our room.	1
Told by some people the class leader only choose his friends (not  true).	0
Talking to a pensioned and bitter "street order" policeman.	4
Saw people quarreling in a bus.	1
When I failed my first exam at the Higher Institute.	2
While doing some calculation exercises, I neglected a part of it,  though I had marked it as done.  By chance, I was asked to  demonstrate this very part on the blackboard.	6
When I am dishonest to a friend to whom I am very close.  I  feel guilty because I know that he gives a different version of  the truth and I have not corrected these mistakes, and he is  aware that I know that they are wrong.	6
I was stood up for a date function by someone who I really cared  for.	0
My friend not allowed to go to the English lectures.	4
Incomprehension and repression towards a child's behaviour,  commonly not accepted, and making the child cry.	6
When I got home from my job, I found a letter from the university  telling me that I had been admitted to begin my studies.	3
An argument that grew out of an ordinary conversation with a  person very close to me, when we should have been having a good  time together.	5
Made mistakes in exam.	0
When I was working, I got treated in a way which I felt was not  democratic.	1
When a big angry dog put its snout on my arm and had I made one  movement it would have bitten me.	2
When I secretly tried smoking for the first time, being 12 years  old.	6
I was afraid of a certain examination although I was relatively  well prepared.	2
I feel ashamed at the fact that even after 35 years of independence    70% of the Indian poulation is still below the poverty line.	5
My best friend chosen for your English lectures.	3
Falling off a cliff in the mountains.	2
Finding out that my best friend was deceiving me.	1
When two female classmates and I were having lunch, we chatted and   cracked jokes, I was very happy.  However, I felt that I may have   said something inappropriate which might cause them to have a bad   impression of me.	3
When I failed my Standard 8 Examination for the first time.	4
I was scolded by my mother for no reason.	0
Being slandered by friends.	0
I stopped my car in front of a pedestrian crossing as a child was  crossing the street.  The car driving in the next lane did not  stop and the child got hurt.  Had I not stopped ...	6
When I see the acts and deeds of a blind drunk man.	1
Some students deliberately disobey me as a class leader.	1
We got into a fight with some chaps in front of our family house.  The value of the property destroyed was approximately 15 000 FIM.  I felt ashamed when my parents came to know about this.	5
When my father failed to send me transport money after the  closure of the school.	0
I was pregnant and thought that by not having the baby I would  hurt the father like he did me regardless of the life we had  created.	6
I went to practice in Sweden during summer, and I was afraid that  I would not do well.	2
A nuisance used to live in our flat a month ago. I experienced  this feeling when I tried to chase her out.	0
When I woke up one morning and went to the kitchen I discovered  that our dog had diarrhoea.  There were small "piles" all over  the floor and the smell was choking.	1
When the literature teacher made me recite a poem in the middle  of the class and I had to gesticulate.	5
I was sleeping alone in the house at night. A boy putting on a  short only knocked at the window whispering that I should open  for him.	2
Zhu Jianhau did not break the world record for China.	5
The first time I saw a pornographic film, all that in practice is  so beautiful but on the screen appered as something mechanical,  irrational, disgusting and dehumanizing.	1
I told my parents (or more realistically) would not do what they  wanted me to do anymore. I guess I sort of betrayed them after  all they had done for me.	6
We hitch hiked our way back from a town rather drunk.  We were  dropped in another town which was unknown to us.  I needed to  urinate, so I did it on a wall which turned out to belong to the  military headquarters.  They arrested me and made me pay a fine  of 500 pts.  We had to go home on foot (6 km) since it was too  late for anyone to give us a lift.	0
Car accident in the middle of the night.	2
I played in a stage play. Suddenly, in front of 200 people, I  could not remember the words I had to say.	5
At home when they lost three pieces of my puzzle.	0
Managed to run 30 Km on skis fairly simply.	3
When a man who had a knife grabbed me and threatened me with it,    during my holidays in Monze. 	2
Our tutorial group was soon to be divided, and we got a list of  names of freshmen, out of which five were to be in my group.  We  read the names and then each group went its own way to a seminar  room.  I wondered how I would cope with the new situation and if  I would succeed as a group leader.	2
Whenever I read or think about the way people treat animals and  nature.	4
I have a girlfriend, who is almost like a daughter to me.  She is  studying out of station and I get to see her only once a year.   Her arrival is always a joyous one.	3
Before taking an exam.	2
A friend of mine was drunk and having an argument on the street  with a woman, appparently his girlfriend.  I was walking on the  other side of the street and thought that I was not supposed to  interfere.  Later I heard that he had shot himself that evening.	6
When I hurt my sisters for no reason at all.	6
When the gear broke on my car.	4
I was escorting a relative on a bike, we passed by a dark road  with bushas on each side.  Half way down this road, suddenly, we    saw a white dog appear from one side.  Before we could do  anything, it had vanished and moreover it did not seem to have  any legs.	2
When coming up for trial because of shop lifting.	5
Had to tell people that my parents are divorced.	5
When my boyfriend almost had a relationship with a close friend  of mine.	4
When I heard the news that my grandfather had died.	4
When the relationship with my first girlfriend broke up and I  realized it too late.	2
When an alcoholic stood dribbling over a food counter.	1
When I saw an accident where the man lost his head.	1
Not applicable to myself.	6
My parents didn't allow me to go to a social function that all my  friends were attending.	0
When I passed the driving test (on the second try).	3
The lift of Stockholm central station stank of vomit and urine.	1
When I see dead dogs on the road.	1
Staying alone in the biology building after the dark.	2
When I feel lonely, perhaps because I have to study a lot and I  am shut up in my appartment.  Nothing happens in particular  because there is no time for anything else.	4
Heard that my girl-friend was chosen for the English lectures and  I was not. I lost my temper and she is very upset now.	6
We went to visit my mother at the residence.  She was crying and  said that she was about to die.  I believed all her complaints  and continously thought of the possibility of loosing her.	4
My friend often played a joke on me and sometimes I thought that  he was a nonsensical person. Once when we went to a friend's  house he walked in first and shut the door firmly behind him.  I  felt that he did not respect me and moreover I was his friend so  he should not have behaved like that.  I was very angry (as it is  I was in a bad mood then).	0
In 1972 I failed my Examination because of my own crooky  behaviour of dodging from Examinations.	5
Out of sheer curiosity, I went to see a pornographic movie in  Copenhagen.  The room was full of men, who panted and  masturbated.  Very disgusting.	1
When one of my closest friends failed to make it to the third  year of university.	4
Without my permission, my son had made popcorn after coming back  from school.  The consequences were a spoilt kettle and chaos in  the kitchen but what could have happened with the hot grease ?	0
When I saw a documentary film about World War II (about Hitler  and his adepts).	1
At a party in which I met an interesting female. We enjoyed  eachothers company, while slow dacing.	3
Almost had a bicycle accident.	2
A break-up with someone I really liked.	4
An unjust refree decision at a sports event when I was the team  leader.	0
While watching the movie called "Deer hunter" on TV, when it  showed how prisoners were treated.	1
I was supposed to do something and didn't. The person was really  dependiong on me.	5
When, after a week at school, a teacher sent a note home saying  that my son was inattentive and unable to do his lessons.	0
I was very ashamed when I failed a test in Standard 7. The  teacher told the other students to shout and laugh at me.	5
I was biking with my boyfriend, the sun shining after a long  period of bad beather, afterwards we spent the evening and night  together.	3
When my mother rejected my boyfriend and made unfair judgements  on him.	0
When I got low marks in the final year B.Sc exams, I felt guilty  as I had not worked hard because I had been roaming around with my   friends.	6
When a pet died. The pet was the closest friend I had for 15  years.	4
I found out accidentaly that while my uncle was away in Canada, my  aunt had been bedding a young man on a regular basis.	1
I was angry when my friends said that I should not receive  Nursing Science books because there was a rumour that I was  intending to leave the college.	0
A lady I live with had not bothered to clean up before she went    on holiday (I live in a collective).	0
When I won a tennis match.	3
After my girlfriend had taken her exam we went to her parent's  place.	3
This week I was phoned by an old friend with whom I lost contact  a few years ago.	3
A teacher spent a lot of time helping me without wanting to be  paid for it. For the exam I didn't got a good grade and I felt  ashamed.	5
When I was studying in the library a pair of lovers were sitting  next to me talking in an intense and soft voice.  They were  disturbing others.	1
Climbing a mountain where the rocks were very loose. When we  realized the danger, we were very high up, but still had a long  climb ahead.	2
In a lift a drunken, fat and untidy man tried to make advances at  me.	1
When my 2 year old son climbed up and sat on the 7th floor  balcony with his legs hanging out.  He was holding on tightly to  the upper railing of the balcony but he could have easily lost  his balance when he sat down.	2
They had returned much less of my taxes than I had expected.	0
When I learnt that my close friend was going to immigrate.	4
A girlfriend of mine behaves in a very childish way - she does  not like my going to see a friend who has been introduced to me  by this same friend of mine.  I would like to be friends with  both of them, but she does not like this as she is possessive and  would like me to be close only to her.	1
A murder.	0
After having finished my B.Sc, I was struggling hard to continue  my studies and had taken the M.SC exam.  I was not sure that I  would be selected in the written exam.  When I saw my name in the  selected candidates list I was overjoyed.	3
Receiving understanding from within self of a subject I had  previously wished to understand better.	3
The disgust I feel towards a certain person.	1
When I saw that I had passed an exam.  It was the last chance and  there was a lot at stake.	3
When my grandfather died I was extremely sad.  However my family  members did not have any special feelings, they said that he was  already 80 years old.	4
Finally being asked by someone to a banquet.	3
I saw a dead child which was not covered, it had been knocked  down by a car.	4
When I found a letter addressed "To Mum" by my son, 6 months  later, he begged me not to sell his new shoes which he messed up  after wearing them for the first time.	5
Vertigo - standing on a ladder and painting the house.	2
I had an exam and I had it well prepared.  I did the first part  very well but did not know the second part.	0
As a child, when I was at home alone, I felt in an indefinate  manner afraid of the death of my father and mother.	2
My dear hamster (called Hannes) died at the age of 2 and 1/2 years.  His shape forced me to mercy killing (an injection).	4
I worked with several classmates on a project.  I was very  anxious about the project while my partners showed no concern   and when we had meetings on the project my classmates  did not  pay any attention.  Some of them read books while the others  argued on irrelevant questions.  The meeting would go on for two  hours without the main theme being discussed.  We wasted time and  could not reach a compromise.  My classmates avoided doing the  work and the responsibilities, they seemed to value other  projects more than this one.	0
Salo, a movie film by Pasolini. People were misused and tortured  for the fun of a few elder Italian authorities, during World War  II.	1
I felt very angry after one driver had run over my beloved niece.	0
In the student kitchen that we share, somebody drank from my  juice pot (one litre) so that I only got one glass out of the  whole pot.	0
I had been on friendship with a certain girl for sometime and the  love was going on well, but it happened that I made the  friendship come to an end suddenly without good reasons.	6
Not noticing my roommates quietness or a sign of discomfort.	6
I was out with a friend in a place where it was very, very busy.  When we wanted to go I bumped a person, who dropped his glass  beer I offered a new one but he didn't accept it.	6
Not doing well in the examn.	5
Telling white lies.	6
When my neighbours accused my brother of stealing their  rose-bush, I was very angry as he had not touched it at all.	0
When my boyfriend and I made up.	3
When I felt powerless to help the poor or when I don't know how  to.	4
When I passed a very important exam.	3
Article published in the college newspaper.	3
During the Christmas holidays, I went to see my parents and  stayed with them for two weeks. After two or three days, we had  the same conflicts we had had ten years before when I had lived  with them. They were glad when I left.	4
When I discovered that the house we had hired in Tonga was full  of cockroaches.	1
I had an intimate relation with my boyfriend, but unfortunately  we had sexual problems; therefore I deceived him, but I was  ashamed when I told my friend about it.	5
When my room-mates were watching video-tapes and prevented me  from watching the news.  The first feeling I had was that I was  being treated unfairly and then came the feeling of anger.	0
Moving to an unknown place, away from the familiar surroundings  and into a situation of loneliness.	4
It was about midnight and I wanted to go to the countryside (I  was in town) to watch the stars in the sky.  My mother did not  like this, in spite of it I went out for a while.  My mother got  angry.	6
When I realized that my closest friend had said bad things about  me when I was not around and had betrayed me by making friends  with my boyfriend's other girl.	1
A young, close relative of mine died, leaving behind a baby a few  months old.	4
I was scared of water when I was a child.	2
Hearing Norman Jones get hysterical in Parliament about law  reform (on the radio - listening with 2 others).	1
I saw a report on T.V news on apartheid in South Africa. 	0
My younger sister wanted to take classes to learn a musical  instrument.  One Saturday morning my mother asked me to go with         her for the registration.  I did not want to go  so I said that  there might be many bad people at the club.  As a resullt my  sister was scolded by my mother.	6
My wrong behaviour made my loved one feel sad and uneasy.	6
During our last exarcise in agricultural machines we went out in  the yard to examine a row of machines. But we seemed not to have  fulfilled our task well, because when our teacher came and asked  me a question I was unable to answer. I felt awkward because he  didn't deserve it.	5
I accused my husband of being late deliberately when he came to  pick me up from work.	6
Passing by a good friend's home without coming in to visit him.	6
I could not meet my love, after having waited for a month, due to  illness.	4
This situation happened when my friend me with a knife which I  stole from him.	6
I was very sad when I did not get admission in the English  college, as I had 1% less marks than they wanted.	4
For the sheer pleasure of it, I quarelled with my boyfriend who was trying   to be especially kind to me.	6
Fooling around with this guy I did not know.	5
This emotion happened when I passed my primary school examination  and was selected for Secondary School.	3
In summer when I was sailing with friends in Greece I felt joy.	3
When I feel helpless after having tried to help someone without  any result.	4
When I was made to feel responsible for the emotional state a friend of  mine was in.	6
A friend's father had died, I was to come and see this friend  although I did not know his family.	2
In a restaurant, I made the acquaintance of a boy who always told  the same things in a very loud voice. I laughed and said to him  that he always repeated the same things. Some time later I heard  that he had undergone a complicated brain operation.	5
When I was in the toilet and someone came in.	5
I partly colored my hair black. My mother didn't like it and  reproached me to be a "subversive element". Later on she stated  that this was due to my friends. As I see it, this all resulted  from colouring my hair.	4
A child, 9 years old, died in a stupid way.  He fell from a place  which was 1 metre high.	4
I was ashamed of being laughed at by my colleagues when I failed  to answer a question in the classroom.	5
One saturday night I did some meaningless work and went to bed  very late.  Next morning I had was very sleepy so I continued  sleeping even though I had work to do and I missed the Sunday  service.	6
I had this feeling before my graduation and never dared to speak  to my relatives and  friends.  Because of this feeling I would  avoid situations, however I do not know the reason for this.	5
I was having breakfast with a classmate and suddenly I began to  cry as I thought of a friend of mine whom I had not seen for a  long time.	4
While intoxicated I invaded someone's (a girl's) personal space  to a large extent.	5
Being unable to stop urinating on the bus.	5
As I was not paying attention, my little brother fell off the  table.	6
I remember that when my mother died the day was sad and every  time I think of it I am saddened by the loss of my mother.	4
When I lost the person who meant the most to me. 	4
Saw a selfish person doing a selfish thing.	1
When I went to explain to a lecturer whom I liked that the work  expected of me was not going to be in.	5
Watching suffering in Third World country.	4
Doing well in the examn.	3
When I got myself the kind of girlfriend I had been hunting for a  long time.	3
Spots on the seat covers of my husband's car.	5
I received the message that I'd been accepted at the school where I  really wanted to go.	3
At my summer job, I was responsible for making various orders.   It was not me who had ordered some seasonal merchandise, but when  much of it was left over and had to be thrown away in the Autumn,  I felt partly responsible for the much too large order.	6
When I was bluffing in front of my mother to get more money.	6
Receiving a letter form a girl that means a lot to me  emotionally.	3
When I was deputy manager during the Summer, certain deputies  took liberties, more than what was normal.	0
Ctiticized by teachers in public.	5
No really strong such emotion. Just falling off to sleep when I  caught sight of a 5 cm diameter spider crawling onto the pillow  beside me.	2
In Ward 1A was an epileptic patient who was burnt the whole body  and was stinking very much such that the whole ward was affected.  Few people could come near him.	1
Did not read reference when other people read them.	6
When I was at an official meeting I asked a question to a person.  His response was not directed at me but at the chairman.	0
Falling in love although she is my friend (angry with myself).	0
I was angry when somebody stole my half petticoat.	0
After my father died suddenly of a heart attack.	4
I got my driving licence after they had frightened me with it's  difficulty.	3
A person I really like left for overseas for a few months, I had  hoped to go out with her soon.	4
An argument among friends in which my opinions on the way to  spend spare time were disapproved.	0
Failing in an examn.	5
I thought that I could have avoided the above situation (the one  in fear) if I had concentrated more on my work, which I hate.	6
I had not done my assignment seriously.  I only pretended to  finish the work as the work did not have any meaning for me.  The  whole thing made me feel guilty.	6
The saddest moment in my life was when I lost my younger sister a  few years back.	4
At a cash desk where I had gone to buy 16 rolls of kitchen paper  at a reduced price.  After queuing with screaming children; it  turned out that I had taken two 8 roll packets instead of the one  16 roll packet to which the rebate applied.  The assistant said  "You will have to get it another time."	0
Something very unpleasant happened when I was a soldier and I was  directly involved in it.	6
I broke my friend's badminton racket and she kept quiet about it.	6
When a colleague asked me for help at work, despite the fact  that he had more time to do it than I had.	0
One time I felt guilty when I told one of my previous boyfriends  we were through just because I never felt like having one at that  particular time.	6
When my grandfathers died and I realized how much I would miss  them.	4
When I knew that they would not give me a transfer from one  university to another.  I began to insult the educatioon  authorities and the government, I ended up at the door.	0
When one of my parents insinuates something about the other  (they are divorced).	6
During a ski tour with a friend, we two had drunk too much. When  we went down the slope on ski, I lost my friend who had lost his  way. I thought that something must have happened to him (he  finally arrived but after a very long time).	6
I went to see a movie and I went with a friend, it was really  frightening and it made me stop and think about the world around  me and what it is really like out there. I was frightened all  that night.	2
When a skunk invaded camp.	1
Being together with my best friend.	3
When my brother hit his head and lost consciousness at the sports  practice.  For some time he could not remember what had happened  but he recovered later.	2
In an exam when I answered the questions with very little  assurance due to insufficiet preparation.	6
I went to a party and there were some cakes which weren't good  and had a bad smell.	1
When I was very young, one day, I kicked my grandmother and  caused her an injury which took a long time to heal.	6
When I entered a brothel and saw two sailors with a young  prostitute who was not older than 18.	1
A girl in our class was nicknamed "fatsy". Later, I heard that  she suffered from diabetes mellitus.	5
The day some friends of mine and I decided to go to Galicia on  holiday.	3
Yesterday, I was just about to cross the road when a country guy  who was ahead of me spat out a mouthful of betel juice on the  road.  It was very windy and had I not checked my speed I would  have had a very good shower of his saliva.  Though I was not  angry, I felt that these people were very indecent.	1
Someone borrowed my textbook and deliberately did not return it.	0
When I was accepted as a student of Psychology here at  Gutttenburg.	3
When my father banned me from going to his sister's home due to  some misunderstanding between the two.	0
A certain girl asked me what my major was and when I told her  that it was P.A she started criticizing it saying, "I hate that  course."  She just shows off in front of other people.	1
While having a discussion with a colleague of mine, I realized that her  conception of man and work were similar to mine.	3
Some students talking when other people are having a nap.	1
Failing examn.	4
Failed an examn.	4
When I found that my coldness had hurt somebody's sincerity.	4
Being reunited with my family after not having seen them for 5  years, at the airport. Sheer elation at getting through the  "paper work" collecting bags and the anticipation of coming  through the customs gate.	3
At primary school, when I vomited in front of others in the middle   of a lesson.	5
I have a two-month old baby.  When I came here, to the  university, to attend lectures, I had to leave the baby with his  father.  I felt guilty.	6
When my cousin passed away.	4
The loss of a close relative who was ill with cancer.	4
Observation of people lost in the profit motive - i.e. business  managers to their actions esp.	1
When people are eating unsavoury (smacking, belching, speaking  with food in their mouth, etc.).	1
Arguing with my younger cousin.  She is rather a nuisance but I  felt sorry.	6
When we were young, a friend of mine tried to dissect a frog while   we were playing near his home.	1
When I did bad on a chamistry midterm which I could have done  well.	4
Promised to do something for other people and did not do it.	6
The night of a high school dance, I went partying and collided  with another car. Both cars were totalled; people were injured  but not seriously.	6
After intercourse.	3
When my father managed to begin a "new life" after the divorce  from my mother; resulting in a new little sister for me.	3
When I was told that they had got tickets for me for a film  marathon I wanted to see.	3
In 1977, my grandfather, to whom I had a very close relationship,  died.	4
A woman picked her nose and spit right next to me.	1
I was skiing alone and the mountain became covered with mist and  I thought I was lost and was going to panic.	2
Going to the examn not well prepared.	2
My sweetheart left me, or rather we decided to break it off by  mutual consent.  The consequences were - unrestrained weeping,  feelings of loneliness, hopelessness and disconsolation.  I felt  that I should find a friend, to talk to joyfully and to forget.	4
A friend visited and made comments that my house/garden were not  as neat/tidy as in the past. I'd not seen her a year - She  implied I'd gone to the pack (I'd only been working full time,  and taking 3 University exams part time).	0
Good dinner on the National Day.	3
A situation of overt unfairness, manipulation of people and its  consequences.	1
I was told that a friend of mine was going to Mexico for good.	4
Two-timing - going out with person other than guy I was in  relationship with.	6
When criticizing something about a person and then realizing that  the person whom one is talking to is similar.	5
When I was teasing a girl, who turned out to be my brother's  dame.	5
When, after a long time, I saw a girl with whom I was in love.	3
When my first child was born.	3
I was on this amusement park ride at Marriots Great America. It  went way up in the air and then around and around. Heights are  not my favorite spots in life.	2
This feeling was quite deep when my friend (girl) died in a car  accident.	4
This is an event I will never forget.  I am considered a good  mimic.  This particular day we were waiting for a professor  to take her class.  This  professor had a peculiar accent and a  very horrible way of lecturing and to top it all we had this  class at the fag end of the day.  So this particular day I got  into my element and started imitating the professor, and the  professor entered the class right in the middle of it .  I was  unaware of her presence, some of my friends tried to warn me but  it was of no avail as I was too engrossed in mimicing.  Then I  suddenly noticed the silence and turned around to see her  entering the class.  I do not know till today if she actually saw  what I had been doing or she had completely ignored it.  Through   out that lecture I died of shame.  All the more shameful was the  fact that she gave me a character certificate. 	5
I was camping in an old broken hut which had no lights.  I had  brought along a lamp which was not working very well.  The door  made strange sounds and I was sure that strange things were  happening.  The most terrifying bit was that there were many  wardrobes in the hut and everytime that I looked in the glass of  the wardrobe I felt that there were "objects" behind me.   The  whole night was spent in fear and restlessness.	2
Death of a pet rabbit. We had to give it away because my brother  became allergic to it. We gave it to a man who kept animals and  lots of other animals for children to watch. We went to visit our  rabbit. It was badly beaten by the other rabbits and eventually  died.	4
When I miss the train and I am late, and I have to wait half an  hour for the next one.	0
My parents were having a typical family argument.  I came in and  saw the scene and became angry.	0
When my friend failed an exam by just one mark.  During this exam  she had asked me to show her my answer sheet and I had not done  it.  When the results came out, I thought that had I shown her my  answer sheet she would have passed the exam.  I felt guilty as I  had failed her.	6
When I was insulted by a fellow student.	0
The transport to pick us up for lunch was always late and the  driver made the same excuse every day.	1
I turned the knob of my granny's two band radio and did not hear  any broadcast,  " What ! Have I broken the knob ? How much does  it cost ? What if the spare part is not available ? "  --I did  not know how to tune a radio.	2
When I realized that my girlfriend, whom I like, and I were going  to separate.	4
Passing my pharmacy exams which meant my tertiary education for  pharmacy completed.	3
When I came to know that a girl I was fond of already had a  boyfriend.	4
On rising. No apparent reason.	4
A drummer who had borrowed my drums destroyed both the drumskin  and the sticks.  He did not repair them nor did he tell me about  it.	0
A friend had a quarrel with the mother of her boyfriend because  she and her friend decided to go and live together. She needed  money for removal, then she made a great effort to reconcile.	1
A close relative of mine died in a serious car accident.  I was  one of the first two people to see the corpse and I had to do it.   Before going in to see it I was afraid as it was the first time  that I was seeing a corpse.	2
When I was getting up, I found a live cockroach in my bedroom.	1
I was using my sister's stereo while everyone was out. I know she  wouldn't want me to and I would get into trouble if she found  out. But she was only partly justified in forbidding me to use  it. She never found out.	6
I experience this emotion quite often but the day I was most  angry was the day I got pulled up for something I had not done.   It happened during my school days, I had not spoken a word in  class but the monitor had written my name on the board.  So I  had a remark in my callender which I had to get signed by my  parents.  This remark resulted in me being spanked.	0
When my grandmother died - having to see my mother weep.	4
I woke up in the middle of the night as I had jumped and shouted  with fear.  I thought that someone's cold hand or something  similar had touched my hand.  I crept down under the covers and  went back to sleep.	2
When I passsed the M.S.C board exams with first class, which I  had not expected.	3
I was with my boyfriend forgetting that I had left the house  unlocked. Unfortunatly a thief came and stole all the kitchen  utensils. Thereafter I was afraid of the consequences.	2
When I had passed MCE examinations.	3
It was last week on Saturday night when I was at Mchesi. I feared  to cross the Lilongwe River Bridge to come back to School due to  darkness - until somebody had to escort me.	2
Accepted by the college football team.	3
I was really disgusted when I saw one of my friends soiling on  his clothes. I thought he was mad.	1
That was what I felt when I told my first lie and then was  cought.	5
Doing poorly on a midterm.	1
When the neighbour of a friend of mine was stabbed to death by  thieves in Kabwe.  They stole his van.	4
Jealous of my husband's old girlfriend.  We met her with her  husband and there was a lot of reminiscing.	0
I was disgusted at the existing red-tape in the government  offices.  I accquired my passport three months after having applied for  it and I had to go back five times to them to correct a minor  error.	1
When I was young I felt ashamed when our relatives visited us and  I hid myself.	5
After my girl and I talked things over our relationship changed  and became positive.  A diificult time turned into pleasant one.	3
I was very joyful when I heard that I had passed the standard 8  exams. The day I heard the news was the day I celebrated my  birthday.	3
When I met an elephant in the bush.	2
A friend of mine was shouting at me in a group of juniors.	5
I felt this emotion when my name was announced on the radio that  I had been selected to come to Lilongwe School for Health  Sciences to take a training course as a Medical Assistat.	3
When quarreling with friends.	6
Being alone in Europe and having to catch a train and bus to the  airport, then board the plane alone.	2
My peers didn't want me to meet someone during rush for fear that  I would give her a bad outlook on our Sororoty house. I shouldn't  have seen this, but they blew and I did.	0
I was driving on to a busy freeway during rush hour and it was  slightly raining. A diesel truck was coming very close behind me  and I was close behind a pick-up. I changed lanes and barely hit  the truck and ran a Honda of the road. I was scared to death to  go back and see if I caused him to crash.	2
A neighbour's girl had disappeared and many people were looking  for her.  Someone had gone to notify the police.  Something had  certainly happened to her.	2
Last Summer I achieved someting that I had been wanting for a  long time.	3
I was drinking coffee in a cafe and I found a piece of scrubber  in my cup.	1
I am the secretary of an association, and during the last meeting  I forgot to take the minutes.	6
We were walking in the park at night.  It was very dark and very  late.  We began to hear foot steps all around us, and we could  not find our way out.	2
When I had left my home, my father, under false pretences, got me  in his car and drove home where we were all alone. He was seethed  with rage because I withrew from his authority. He hit me, kicked  me and threatened me.	2
Loneliness, being uncertain of myself in the Autumn.	4
Wrongly accused a classmate.	6
I had a long discussion on politics with an acquaintance.  He  was more knowledgeable than me and I failed to explain my point  of view and was misunderstood so I felt depressed and left.	4
A few days back I had to ask a professor a ridiculous question  because I had lost at a game of cards and had to pay a forfeit.	5
Finding out my grades at the end of my freshman year.	3
When after 10 months of national service I was "downgraded" and  did not have to do the remaining 5 months.	3
I wrote an Exam and happened to have not done as well as I  thought I would. I was angry to myself for not having done so  well.	0
A close acquaintance of the family died of lung cancer.   Although it was expected, I still felt depressed.	4
During a lecture, a colleague who did not know anything about the  subject, got on my nerves asking silly questions.	0
Insulted by my mother.	4
I had just masterbated with another boy.	5
This situation happened when my friend John ate my banana which I  kept in the cupboard.	0
I feel fear quite often but this feeling was very strong last  year when my husband was quite unexpectedly sent to the hospital.	2
Disgust is a feeling that I have never experienced with peoplie  but , on the other hand, it has been with repulsive animals, i;e  snakes on T.V.	1
My mother always took my side. That brought about quarrels with  my father. I knew she didn't like that and I felt very sorry for  that.	6
After my boyfriend and I had separated.	4
After a one year's stay abroad, I returned home. I was even more  glad to see how much my family was pleased to see me.	3
When I first saw the state of a cafeteria in the grounds of the  university. Due to students own lack of concern for the  environment in which they eat and drink. Rubbish and spilled tea  and coffee left everywhere.	1
When my dog ran out on thin ice last spring.	2
A close relative of mine underwent a difficult operation, and everything  turned out fine.	3
When I was caught with someone's daughter.	5
After seeing a terror movie at the cinema, I was so scared that I  couldn't even drive the car into the garage. I often thought  about the film afterwards, hoping such things couldn't exist in  the "real world".	2
I fell over head and ears in love with someone who appeared to be  in love with me. it made me so happy that I could hardly sleep  and eat for one week.	3
I was accused of a misdemeanour, unjustly.	0
When I could study at university.	3
After blowing up and saying all the wrong things, I realized what  I had done and hurt that person and myself.	4
Having told a certain lie.	6
I reachad home to find that my baby had not been bathed and fed.	0
When I went to a sauna with my father for the first time (I was  16). When I entered the sauna naked, I felt ashamed for a short  time.	5
I was double crossing Mercy and Maria. They one day came to know  each other. I was found by Mercy red-haded when I was with Maria.	1
My girlfriend left the house in which we lived together a few  months ago. This made me very sad.	4
I do not like one of our neighbours as they are very selfish.   Whenever they want something or need help they come to see us,   otherwise they do not even bother about people who live next to  them.	1
When I boarded Yanu Yanu bus I sat near a man who was smoking  tobacco.	1
Last night I did not do very well in one of the subjects.  Before  the result was announced I feared that I would fail.  Finally I  got a D and as the results of the other subjects were not all       good I felt a little sad.	4
Walking through campus at night a squirrel jumped in front of  me.	2
Fear from the unknown. I felt fear when I sat for the entrance  examinations.	2
My friend took me to Civo Stadium to watch and listen to the  music of the International singer Sam Mangwana. I had no hope of  going there since I had no money so he gave me the money for  admission.	3
When going out in the weekend I have to bike 5 kilometers through  lonely and dark polders, then I always have terrifying fantasies.	2
When for the first and the last time I tried to crib and the  teacher was with her back to me but right when I was taking the  materials out she turned round and saw me.	5
When boyfriend lied to me.	0
I felt sad and depressed when I heard that our cat had died.	4
I felt angry when my mother-in-law did not handle my daughter  properly and she fell down from the bed and hurt her head.	0
I went shopping with my mother and sister (17 years old). Mother  always told my sister what she should buy. Instead of assisting  my sister in defending herself against mother's interference, I  just behaved aggressively towards my sister.	6
When I crashed my car and it had to be scrapped then.  It was my  fault and I feel depressed as I miss the car.	4
When I spanked a child in anger and later regretted it terribly.	6
Cannot remember such a situation.	5
I broke an egg, with which there was something wrong, into a  little cup. There was a thick white "wad" in it. I tried to take  it out and throw it in the sink.	1
When my term paper was evaluated.	3
Not having good marks like other people for homeworks.	5
My sister in law was about to have a child, and there were some  problems.  They had to do a Caesarean.  After a while, everything   was all right.	3
I was accused of having drunk a bottle of liquor and then  refilling with water.	0
At school I was talking to a classmate about mathematics.  I had  grown weary of it and said : "I would like to throw the book on  the arse of Kuikka".  My classmate said : "Now, he is sitting  there and waiting for the book" (Kuikka was one of the most quiet  boys of the class).  I was ashamed of myself.	5
Peeping.	6
My grandfather died thirteen years ago.	4
I saw a cripple in rags with small children in Italy.  He was  probably an imposter.	1
I missed the train and had to wait for the next for two hours.  For this reason I missed an appointment which had been very  important for me.	0
My brother had bowel obstruction, having heard that he was going  for surgery, I was afraid he might not come back to life after  hearing of the General Anaesthesia.	2
When I finally managed to get a specific sound from my guitar,  after baving tried for a long time.	3
My favourite horse died. We had tried our best to save him, but  it was hopeless, he had to be shot.	4
A friend called me and told me that she wanted to come and see  me. She lived in a village at 50 km distance fom my home town.  Next morning I expected her but she didn't arrive. As I got  impatient I called her but her parents told me that she had gone  skiing. I was very angry because I had cancelled an appointment  to be able to see her.	0
Accidentally dropped a friends camera flash, so that it was  broken.	6
When I found out that I had failed to pass my exams during the  term by one point.  The fact that exactly the same thing had  happened last term did not help.	4
Not having owned up to the responsibility an incident where  family car received minor damage.	5
When I was not selected to go to the University of Malawi I felt  very sad.	4
At hostel, my roommate was a very selfish person and would avoid  doing anyhting that did not concern him.  A few of us prepared lunch  together and had decided to share the work.  My roomate had  promised to do the same but I had to wash the bowls everytime  after dinner.  I tried to wait and thought that he would realize  his fault.  I did not want to tell him to do the work as he is a  university student and ought to have self-respect.  He  disappointed me and so every time I saw him I tried to avoid him  and did not want to keep any contact with him.	1
When I got my fingers stuck in one of the side holes of the door,  in the tube.	5
It was when we were beaten or lost the football match by 5-1 and  then I scored the third goal to my own side.	5
Talking with someone I admire a lot.	3
My mother wants to talk very often about her life. I dislike this  because she always talks negatively about the same people  whatever I do it doesn't help.	6
When one of my cat died of a disease.	4
At my Summer job, nobody looked after me in particular and I had  to learn all on my own.	0
A certain Area Party Secretary came home in the morning and said  we had to leave our home and build somewhere and the reason  being that they wanted to establish a market. The Chairman knew  nothing about it and was very angry.	0
My dog had been run over and died near the house.  We had to pick  him up, cold and glassy eyed, to get rid of the corpse.	1
Breaking the left hand indicator box by moving too close to  structure.	6
When I talk to my friends.	3
Can't think of any.	5
Hearing about developments of sience in the West a lot better  than China.	4
When I failed the grade 7 twice and only passed it the third  time.	1
When I shoplifted a pair of earrings from Coles and my Mum caught  me with them in my bag.	6
When my little brother passed away mysteriously, at least from  what I was told about it.	4
When my boyfriend asked me to go out with him and I refused  because I wanted to go out with another guy.  I did go out and my  boyfriend found out.	6
Comments from other children on my alcoholic father	5
When I lost my study grant without having attended any exam in  the career I had started, and it was too late to cancel my registration.	6
Insulted for no reason.	0
When I was pressing figures on the curtain cloth. I had bought  the cloth after months of hindrances.	3
When I did not get the salary increase that I had been expecting  and understood how little one's work was appreciated.	4
My mother told me that the enveloppes that I had been tearing (I  had torn the stamps away) in good faith had been the first-day  enveloppes which my father had collected as a young man.	6
When I got my drivers licence.	3
This last August when my parents dropped me off and moved me into  college I didn't know anybody here; I was 17 and Berkeley really  scared me.	2
When I was selected to the university of Zambia.	3
I had decided to propose to the man I liked to make a trip  together.  One day, during breakfast I told him my idea.  I was  afraid of his not accepting it and that the idea would end up as  a failure.	2
Once in primary five, I had forgotten to take a book to class and  the teacher punished me by asking me to stand at the back of the  class.  I thought about the way my mother would react if she saw  me being punished.  My mother was very good to me and though she  did not see me punished, I felt sorry for her.	5
Some of my friends had an argument.  I had earlier phoned one  of them and that may have influenced him to argue.	6
I wrote an assignment and was given less marks than a friend with  whom I had previously discussed the assignment.	0
When before the last exam I have taken, I went out instead of  studying.	6
My best friend started moving out with my boyfriend. When I heard  this my heart sank because I didn't expect that my own good  friend could do such a thing, so I got angry.	0
Being criticized by teacher in public.	5
This happened when I was selected to go to Secondary school to  start Form I in October 1980.	3
When the doctor told me that there was something wrong with my  eye and I had to undergo an operation.	2
Never really had the experience just yet - N/A.	0
Being rude to somebody who was impolite to me.	5
When I was selected to a University College of Nursing.	3
Saw the film about Eight Nations Army conquering Beijing.	5
At a friend's birthday party with some of my closest friends.  It  was all very pleasant and one could say that I was happy to have  such good friends.	3
I was almost caught in the girls hostel by the security men, I  would have been expelled from school had I been caught.	2
When I did not inform my friends of my forthcoming birthday.	5
When I was told that I had passed the exams.	3
I took the tram without paying. There were many people around me  when I was caught by a controller. I felt ashamed but also angry.	5
In a very crowded shop I was distracted and missed my turn in the  queue.  A woman who was behind me began to shout at me asking me  either to pay more attention or to leave.	5
When I received the result slip of the higher level examination  (an university entrance exam) and saw that I had a very good  possibility of being accepted into the university, I felt very  excited.	3
I was once this week angry when soemone trying to compress my  mind due to his nonsense speech which himself could not tolerate  at all.	0
I went home late one evening and saw that the security lights  were off.  I got inside the gate and just then I realized that  the dogs may be outside.	2
When a soppy poem that I had written to a boy was found and every  one read it and started teasing me about it.	5
The same for guilt would apply.	5
My girlfriend mentioned a certain girl's name who was my girl  some time back and she is no longer mine that she said she was  still mine.	0
During one year my mother almost had a nervous breakdown and my  father had a serious operation. I was afraid that our family (4  kids, I'm the oldest) wouldn't hold together. Everything turned  out fine.	2
When I did not defend my close friend when my father degraded  him. I felt guilty for allowing my father to get away with his  actions and for the hurt my friend felt. I cleared the matter up  with my father a few weeks later.	6
When people next to me play the fool.	5
Before Christmas I got to know a girl but our relationshop could  not consolidate before the holiday. Therefore it was a big  surprise to get a carefully hand-made present from her. - Our  relationship grew closer.	3
The breakup of a relationship. After the event I was upset/sad  then angry maybe 2/3 weeks later.	0
I once felt guilty when a certain passenger in the same (ship,  plane ?) which I boarded when coming from home lost his 10t which  in fact fell into my pocket unknowingly.	6
When I became angry at my boyfriend without any reason. I know he  cannot bear me being angry at him and that he can't study anymore  then.	6
When I passed the university entrance exam.	3
When my son fell off the cot at the age of 5 months, I became  very nervous and thought that it would cause defects in his head.  	2
A few days after I had finished the relationship with my  boyfriend, we had a quarrel. Then he hit me. At that moment I  found him disgusting.	1
I was dishonest to my boyfriend concerning something that is  important to our relationship.	5
When my little sister was born.	3
My father suddenly fell ill. He stayed for 3 months in the  hospital: the last month on intensive care of the Academic  Hospital, then he died.	4
After I had cheated my parents that I had lost my textbooks so  they had to send me money.	6
A friend misunderstood me.	4
When I was caught telling a white lie.  At that time, I was not  allowed to stay outdoors after 8 p.m.  One day when I was late, I  made up a story that our neighbour had invited me to his place,  though I had actually forgotten about the time while playing with  my pals.	5
Quarrelled with my younger brother.	0
Being caught by parents in a compromising situation with  girlfriend.	5
When I was still a child, I saw a horror film on TV in which  there was a rotten human skull.	1
Car accident. I let a 16-year old, incompetent parson take the  wheel and I feel very guilty about what happened even though I  suffered the worst injuries.	6
Finding out that the university will give first priority to  qualified practioners and clinical years to go to your English  lectures.	4
One night my father suddenly suffered from a heart attack which  lead to breathing difficulties.	4
My parents told me that they do not like my friend.	4
I cut a friend's hair in anger, without any consideration.	6
One of my class-mates had a disease unexpectedly, he had been in  a coma for six days in a hospital before he died.	4
We had to finish the life of our 8 year-old dog.	4
A sudden end to the relationship with my first girlfriend.	4
A relative of mine had come to see my husband to talk to him  about a problem concerning his sister and me.  I was angry  because this relative of mine did not dare to speak to me and  instead spoke to my husband.  I got to know about it later the  same day.	0
Car accident, hurt three of my closest family.	6
One day I had an appointment with my boyfriend which I had  objected to in the begining, however he visited me and convinced  me to come.  The day of the appointment; I had to wait for him  for over an hour.	0
I misunderstood a girl and thought that she loved me.  One day  when I was talking to her, her boyfriend appeared and I felt  ashamed.	5
Felt sad about some street kids in QUEII square, Aotea square.  Because they had been sniffing glue and some were very young. I  went into the role of a performing clown.	4
A few days back a friend of mine had asked me to call on him on  Sunday.  I had accepted it but later did not go for no specific    reason.  I just slept in my room.  The next day this friend called   me up and told me that he had been expecting me the day before and  his wife had prepared a very good lunch for me, which had gone  waste.  I felt very bad about this incident and it has been  growing in my heart ever since.	6
I had an accident in which I hurt my eye.  I was afraid of having  injured it badly.	2
A boy in my class talking too loud in the lecture.	1
Before going to school I usually take something to eat right at  school and this time I took Father's money without him knowing  it. I felt guilty and I returned the money.	6
I once failed a test miserably and my friend did very well and  someone made a nasty comment while comparing me to my friend.	0
When the contract about my shop was signed.	3
Having failed to help with the 5th of March arrangements (Women's  Day), although I had previously promised to take part in the  work.	6
I was disgusted with the behaviour of one of my fellow students  during my Secondary School life. He was a habitual noise-maker  and caused great conflicts with the teachers.	1
No ideal result in the University entrance examn, guilty to  family and friend.	6
I had an argument with my mother because I criticized the rules  she imposes at home, which are too rigid and arbitrary for me.	0
When students in our working group showed no responsibility or  interest in our work.	0
When I was treated improperly by someone.	2
People who discriminate other people disgust me.	1
While attending some affairs, which were taking some time, with  a bank officer, I felt that my clothes and appearance were out of place, too  raggy.	5
Getting ill.	2
I dated another boy several times, when I was still "going with"  my former boyfriend. This made me feel a little bit guilty towards  my friend.	6
Not being able to answer question in a seminar.	5
When I was going downhill on skis, and fell down twice the first  time.	5
I had to call someone and make an appointment for a conversation.  I was very afraid to fail.	2
When the train taking me to my military service left the station,  on the platform remained relatives, projects and goodtimes.  I  had a hard year ahead.	4
When I made love with someone who I didn't really love. Sometimes  I even considered him unlikable.	1
I read a book whose plot and expressions were obscene and in very  bad taste.	1
When I learned that several people had died in the street due to   the cold weather.	0
I thought I would be able to use the mangle of the house, and so  I did not want any help.  However, I blocked it and I had to get  the janitor to help me out.  He reproached me for not having  followed the instructions	5
Being driven by friend who suddenly swerved and skidded a little.  It was night and on a long trip. We ended up on side of road.	2
When I cheated my father about the book allowance at university.   He discovered that we were given K150 per year for books.	6
Once I had to go home on foot at 5 a.m. I had to pass through a  forest and I was going alone.	2
When I had to talk to some strangers, from whom I was expecting a  negative answer.	2
My boyfriend suffered form ill health for some months, this week  the physician told him that he was restored to health.	3
When I got the scholarship I was very happy as the finacial  burden of the family was reduced.	3
My grades. When my parents say, "How are you doing at school,  getting good grades ?" I say, "Great, just fine !" Actually, I  feel ashamed about myself.	5
A month ago when one of my fellow workers got a promotion over  me. It was just a small promotion but recognition was involved.	0
We were writing Primary school leaving Examinations when I had  fallen at the steps going into the Exam room.	5
I had been caught red-handed having stolen some paw-paw. I was  then taken the elders owning the paw-paws.	4
In a film there was a scene in which a rat was sliding on a bed,  leaving a trace of blood behind, finally it entered the mouth of  one of the actors.	1
I was terrified during an axcursion in Italy. I was lost and left  alone in this unfamiliar country.	2
I was very happy when my scholarship to continue studying at UNZA  was approved after it had been cancelled.	3
My paternal grandmother had died. We weren't close but she was  blood. I didn't cry but I was sad, partly due to her death and  partly I think, due to the fact that I couldn't/didn't cry.	4
When I got low marks in B.Sc final.	0
When I tried to explain to a plumber, face to face, that the  toilet was broken and he did not believe it (it had been mended  ten times).	0
I went to see the entrance examination results at university.  I  rejoyced at my success.	3
When the others did not do their bit of work on a group  assignment task, and I had to do all the work.	0
Riding through a bush fire on an island of Australia - on a  pushbike as a little boy - all alone, lost and surrounded by  smouldering wood and flame.	2
When someone tried to bewitch me and my friends at night.	2
My room-mate was drunk, he vomited on the floor and fell face  down on the vomit nearly choking himself to death.  Then he  fainted and so I called the first aid.	1
When the robbers broke in, at night.	2
When I was travelling home by bus and suddenly the bus hit and  the bus leaned against a wall.	2
I was so sick that my relatives thought that I was bewitched.  I  felt like dying.	2
When programmes on violence or pornography are shown on T.V.	1
I am separated from my husband.  The way he has behaved towards  me makes me angry.	0
It made me very sad to hear that some construction company was  going to build houses on the beautiful hills by my house.	4
I had been away all night without having told my parents about  it.  In the morning when I came home, my mother looked tired.   She said that she had been awake all night because of me and that  she was angry and disappointed.	5
Emptied a bucket of water in a hospital.	5
The death of my father.	4
I had a very good friend (boy) and I thought I could rely on him  but he behaved badly with a girl who used to trust us completely.	1
When I was travelling at night.	2
Being treated unfairly and being hurt by someone I love.	0
Day time robbery of our house.	4
When I got a letter offering me the Summer job that I had applied  for.  	3
I was very sad at hearing that my grandfather had passed away.	4
South Korea cheating for gold medals.	0
I had quarelled with a friend of mine and I later realized that  it was also my fault.	6
A friend started to insult another person without reason and I  felt ashamed of her behavior.	5
My girlfriend started singing (she cannot sing) and did not stop  despite my asking her to do so.	0
At the death of my husband's father's mother which occurred  during university examinations and therefore I was unable to  attend her funeral.	4
When my husband told me about his pre-marital affairs.	1
I felt anger when at the end of a telephone call, a good friend  told me that she would go to travel next year with another good  friend. We couldn't talk this out.	0
When my sister left home to go and live with her husband.	4
I had been away from home for a long time and when I came home I  was delighted.  It was wonderful to see familiar, dear people and  I was rejoycing in advance.  I had been feeling very lonely.	3
