WHY THE FUCK IS BAYLESS ISOING	0
To make her feel threatened	2
Dirty Southern Wankers	0
OmG pEyToN iSn'T gOoD eNoUgH tO hElP uS iN tHe PlAyOfFs! Dumbass Broncos fans circa December 2015.	5
Yes I heard abt the f bombs! That has to be why. Thanks for your reply:) until then hubby and I will anxiously wait 😝	3
Damn youtube and outrage drama is super lucrative for reddit	3
Demographics? I don’t know anybody under 35 who has cable tv.	5
R/sleeptrain Might be time for some sleep training. Take a look and try to feel out what's right for your family.	3
[NAME] - same fucking problem, slightly better command of the English language.	0
Thank you friend	3
Fucking coward.	0
i got a bump and a bald spot. i feel dumb <3	4
Stupidly stubborn / stubbornly stupid	0
Super, thanks	3
Troll, bro. They know they're saying stupid shit. The motherfucker does nothing but stink up libertarian subs talking shit	0
All sounds possible except the key, I can't see how it was missed in the first search.	5
What does FPTP have to do with the referendum?	5
Happy to be able to help.	3
Famous for his 3-4 Defense	3
Pretty sure I’ve seen this. He swings away with the harness he is wearing. Still looks painful but I think he lives	4
I wouldn't let a sweet potato dictate decisions, ever.	0
It's true though. He either gets no shirt and freezes to death or wears a stupid looking butchers cape. I hope he gets something better next season	3
You can always kneel.	3
This isn't really wholesome	0
Thanks DB, I'll see if I can find the book	3
I just shit my pants. Then walk away. Embarrassing enough he won't press or follow you.	4
This...has 9k upvotes. Wow.	3
And then they say, “HAHAHAHHA IT WAS RIGHT THERE WOW!”	3
Twilight... STILL a better love story than The Last Jedi!	3
The republicans are the military. You are an idiot.	0
What a wonderful world	3
just noticed, lol. damn pervert foreigners.	3
Oh forgive us for trying to make an exciting atmosphere at our homecourt.	3
true I am a troll, but fortunately for me I'm not emotionally invested in it.	3
sorry [NAME]! 😘😘😘	4
At least it’s not anything worse, and that you are still close to that person :)	3
my brain hurts...	4
He was off by 5 minutes, not impressed.	4
Pay you for what, just standing there? Done.	3
Apologies, I take it all back as I’ve just seen his latest effort	4
I love Rocket Love and Blasted. I just wonder who the songs were written for because these are all reference tracks except Acura Intergul	3
okay im interested in joining the bare hands hunting posse	3
I think the 90 day rule applies to increases over 5%?	5
So this means the people who have debt can see those that don’t. Am I sensing an easier target for muggings and such?	5
You just make her sound awesome.	3
seriously wtf. I want to see how the whole hand went in detail. that was the sickest soulread ever	0
Your team lacks ethics.	0
i wouldn't take that significant of a pay cut. you should keep your job and do your creative writing on the side/free time.	3
Thanks I'll give it a go. Nothing used for randoms at all? Would it be better for me to find a group to play with?	3
I appreciate his deadpan humour.	3
So I said earlier that this team was boring without [NAME] lately. I take that back after the last two games.	5
It's because you play against 1000 ms ping EU players that have no idea what's going on. Happy hunting!	3
The fuck is “mog?!”	0
Especially that “Australia ain’t gonna cop it” ad on TV god I hate [NAME]	0
"Three words, no subtlety. ""Dude. Stop. Seriously."" "	0
Wow. I just read the synopsis, and that’s really what happens.	5
Wow, that landlady sure is a piece of shit. I'd be interested in knowing how many people she has discriminated against or harassed in the past.	5
I KILL YOU SCUM	0
Yeah, I am! I'll private message you a link to my profile. Thank you.	3
youre a disgusting piece of filth.	1
Just an employee, just stressed that it takes so long to save 10k for example and even that is nothing ! Should of brought more bitcoins	4
I don't think aspergers causes me distress or anxiety. I think having to live in a society that privileges neurotypical modes of interaction causes me distress and anxiety	5
You told me it was pointless to point it out. You're the idiot	0
Yeah let's wrap up AS4 I'm suddenly so much more excited for S11	3
Honestly, same. I was miserable at my admin asst job.	4
Glad to see Hearts fans giving [NAME] such a warm welcome back..	3
Glad you feel better! My offer still stands though, if you need someone, I’m here	3
Lmao Stole my joke! 😂	3
Welcome to the party pal!	3
[NAME] was one of the only good things in that season	3
Your coaching is terrible.... be ready and see how [NAME] uses [NAME]	2
I adore this comment section <3	3
Stop master debating, you are making a fool out of yourself. It's concerning.	0
as long as the tracking shows delivered, it's not your responsibility what happens to it after that	3
My stylist is a fit, handsome guy with big, sexy hands. Can't say I don't like it when he tousles my hair.	3
"He may have, I was more worried about the ""running and shooting the AR one handed, off to the side""."	2
horse meat is fucking peng i love it. why is it ok for a cow to be slaughtered for food but not a horse? ridiculous double standards	3
good luck buddy	3
Your response is truly one of the most amazing ones I’ve seen.	3
I don’t understand why people give gold to crossposts. You deserve all the upvotes.	3
No problem at all, glad I could help :) Cheers!	3
My [NAME]! This isnt a vaccine! It's a jello shot!	5
Who do you think can lead the Packers to where they need to be?	5
Thanks, :), as the days go by they are getting better.	3
"*""Success is the best revenge.""* Good job OP. Stay strong. You're almost there."	3
Food stamps are a disgrace. People should get money!	0
By [NAME]! That’s [NAME] music!	3
You live in Appalachia, don’t you?	5
That pole and cheap plastic fence surely would offer excellent protection from a car. Walk it off brah.	3
What the fuck is [NAME] doing in the background	0
It creates perverse incentives. Allow underpaid prison labour and suddenly you've an incentive towards exploiting your prison population rather than rehabilitating them.	0
Yeahhhh no, you're banned for this whole convo.	3
[NAME]	1
I'm 14 stone...so probably about 2 stone over weight. I don't drink alcohol or do drugs, but I love food....	3
Also curious. But as someone who lives in northern Ontario, this is pretty accurate	5
Like the handout this guy got to build the stadium?	5
i think its cool because its a hybrid that comes in stickshift	3
The first time I'm seeing it so thank you for sharing. Definitely shows the propaganda efforts.	3
It's simple, he's blunt, and that is what some people need.	3
It's also one of the very few decent solo FPS released this year.	3
I like this sub, and I like you. You're alright.	3
Yeah, I was thinking my boy was into them before that. But I doubt Panic! At the Disco would have peaked his interest.	5
I've never been there before so I can't confirm or deny but I would be really surprised if a casino only had limit holdem	5
Go pursue that education. Let [NAME] wallow in her own sadness.	4
Such a nice photo of city hall.	3
I was suffering a delirium flu during the phantom facemask game so it’s all sorts of suffering for me.	4
I had no idea what the fuck this was about. Found the ad and watched it. It's actually decent.	3
I'm sorry OP, every single thing on that list is incredibly wrong. I hope you're doing well now.	3
I’m assuming you’re referring to the poor execution of the hanging? He only used half of the holes	5
She has at least 12 elbows and all of them are happy. You get it gurl	3
Not surprised, damn that sucks. Concussions are awful.	1
Yes, it's normal. More like considering you options than desperation	3
Not all [NAME] supporters are tankies, but all tankies are [NAME] supporters	5
It's bizarre that it's considered normal to intentionally brainwash people into murdering psychos.	0
What do you think? If you look at my question above? Last thing I should do is to say sorry?	5
Bet flop. Good [NAME] what are you doing on the river.	5
Gamers know all too well how it feels to be oppressed by society.	3
It's extremely common. Hell you probably have it yourself and just don't know.	3
Lol, get em Corsi!	3
Sounds nice owo	3
No he was given a bad team to work with unfortunately, and never got the final shot he deserved :(	4
Does nobody notice that this is a doctored photo..?? Like really bad clone stamp.. I mean it could be beautiful but this is not a real photo.	0
Doesn't seem like a big deal. I mean is she in the room?	5
Lol, that’s funny. I’ll have to find our Aggieopoly and see how it compares.	3
We were all duped? I’ve seen through her from day 1, even posted about how fake she is	0
At least you get sunny on Netflix, they took it off in Canada :(	4
[NAME] better be careful. He'll be next.	3
This shirt IS a problem. Get rid of it.	4
my mom caught be masturbating to dominatrix porn (i was bored of vanilla shit) LOL But porn addiction is bad because it can stop you from approaching women etc	3
I really like this photo.	3
"Lmao the cop stops like *""Fuck, well I guess he won't be resisting on the way""*"	3
the young and the goal-less Thanks TSN, i hate it	3
I’m sorry, you just sound like one of those people who takes overwatch super seriously and has no life	0
I told my mum and an ambulance is coming now. Thanks everyone	3
"ick! That makes me feel gross. I have ""Addison's Disease"". "	1
Tis nothing but a scratch	4
Here did you know that [NAME] slept with 35,000 women. Outrageous.	5
I live in Suiderstrand, which is past Aghulas, no option for fibre here unfortunately :(	4
hey thank you! any time I can help someone, I'm more than happy to:)	3
Ah, thank you	3
Season 2 just started and as a huge TNG fan I can definitely say the first season is the closest I've ever seen to another season of TNG	3
Why are you trying to cheat NJ transit? NJ transit is in deep financial debt and you are trying to steal from them. Shame.	5
Idk for fun?	5
It makes us more determined to tank for Zion	3
I'm scared to even ask my mom ,I might get yelled at 😟	2
They don't seem to care much. Al qaida or ahrar al sham makes little difference anyway.	0
the number 9 recruit from the 2019 class at USC has already entered the transfer portal lol it's only been like 3 weeks man give it a chance	3
I have his signature on my jersey. Lined up at Canadian Tire for it when I was younger. Happy retirement!	3
I am just like this! Glad to know I’m not imagining it.	3
Oh yeah! He was great for us. 0.69 ERA in 24 G with 10.7 K/9. I forgot about him.	3
I hope for the camera-man's sake that gun is empty	3
Please never don't not reproduce.	0
Source each of these and trend lines from previous years please. No, listing a few agencies and telling people to Google 8t isn't a source.	0
Holy shit this golden comment flew under the radar. I laughed so hard	3
It’s like you didn’t even read the comment you’re responding to.	5
They hated him, because he told them the truth	4
I hope she lives to be 200, just to piss them off.	3
Eventually sure. But the question really lacked the maybe later option lol	3
Imagine what could've happened if you saw the longer director's cut!	5
I am more than pleasantly surprised I clicked this link	5
I’ve seen 62 to 8 in 12 hours up north. Weather is crazy stuff.	0
I have dayz but haven’t played in years. Last I heard it’s still a broken mess lol.	3
It's kinda funny when it's told to you	3
But even then it would need something else to live	0
Thank you, needed to hear this today!	3
MEEEEEEEEE. Most people don't get my humour, but every now and then somebody does and we non-stop laugh together.	3
I read fuck and not tuck. Was wondering how the hell it wasn't creepy....	5
Now THAT is a murder by words!	0
Seeing that knife on this subreddit put the fear of [NAME] in me	2
You tell me, was this a short trip or not? I was wrong, it was 4.3	0
Good news: this is shark tale not finding Nemo	3
The only reason people are there is because they dont know [NAME] is fired lmao.	3
Thats insane. Someone died like 2 years ago after a bolt got kicked up by a truck and went through his windshield and hit him on 146 in LaPorte	4
Are you still sitting in the car right now?	5
He probably banked on the inherent secrecy of the community and ignorance (on Belgian law) of his victims.	0
[NAME] has to lose it a some point, just hope it's not tonight.	3
I feel awful posting it, but I couldn’t not share :|	1
“Wow. Just .. wow. Read a book, sweatie!”	5
Cheers to you on your cake day.	3
Ahh gotcha - thanks :)	3
He will rest easy knowing how happy he made all of us	3
Their orange chicken is the absolute fucking bomb. I love having it on top of a nice bed of rice and veggies :D	3
Damn thats so cheap	0
I am afraid to look, but my morbid curiosity draws me to ask.	2
Good for [NAME]. He deserves it.	3
OMG if the [NAME] and [NAME] run... I'll have the worst of time deciding who to vote for!	5
whats the [NAME] story ? sorry, not up to date on the bloke	5
[NAME] already had that in their comment and I didn't deny it. I guess that level of attention to detail isn't taught at Bellevue Community College.	0
Yeah no haha. Out of my price range tbh	3
wow! thats... a lot of water my dude was your bladder ok	5
Congrats, still waiting on getting called for an interview for another internal position. Applying around Christmas HR is so fucking slow.	3
She's ugly so that might add some more months.	0
That was brilliant 😂	3
We didn't win in Alvalade even when they got 7th place. We just have some sort of block there	4
I'm so excited for this game!! 😄	3
Focus on yourself by focusing on your prayers and reminding [NAME]	3
So true, sometimes what’s obvious passes over our heads. Good post.	3
It's embarrassing!	4
"Another reason to instantly kill people who constantly use the word ""awesome"" for everything. This is just brainless mediocrity at its best."	0
Yup. You see more hands, have to learn more to be competitive.. etc	3
Yeah but even then I feel like they could’ve went about it better	3
Lol, ..probably not. But then again, i never wanted to know what blue waffles were and somehow i do.	3
**GOD DAMN YOU, FIGHT BACK!!**	3
[NAME] looked terrible that game. I was really hoping to be wrong but he came just as advertised by Hawks fans	2
Stop arguing with people.	0
This stresses me out way too much.	4
Eat too many whoppers and he'll be down with the sickness. Lma0 I'm sorry	4
The impact of his head hitting the court looked so bad. I hope he'll recover from this.	3
Same here man, terrible feeling	2
congrats. i'm broken rn but if I wasn't I'd be happy for you	3
Why? They deserve it.	5
I’m not sure it was [NAME] that changed the definition as much as it was the ATF.	5
100%. She's made herself vulnerable to being sued by a few people.	3
Only married once so can't be that bad. Not that it even matters	0
You're mistaking a poor character for MC.	4
Mostly because of the hype. I love going out with my friends!	3
Fuck is exactly what she's good for	3
Sure you are, comrade. You've met your quota of replies now, yes?	3
Well good...opera is often beautiful..though it retains the stink of the upper classes.. I cant help but deride art that caters to high society to stay alive.	3
PLACE THE DEVICE ON HER HEAD HA HA HA TIME TO DIE	3
I took a picture of the sunrise this morning too. Just north of Austin. It was very pretty today.	3
I HATE that song...I did not vote for it. A few of my songs I liked went at around 60-70	0
You just gotta man up, go out there, and get that kiss.	3
He can't rescind. What a dumbass	0
I didn’t know it was gonna be that simple Forgive me [NAME] :D	5
This really bothers me too. I completely agree. It would have helped us avoid a US situation. Now I think we're barreling toward it	3
Nice job building yourself btw	3
Yeah highkey looks decent	3
You are sexy af	3
how do you think money is created? it is largely controlled by the government and is distributed to create certain results in our society.	5
I’m glad things are coming to light, I pray justice is served for the victims.	3
I'm curious though, will they upvote it to own the ~~libs~~ [NAME]?	5
[NAME] fucking [NAME] please no	0
I get all the deja smells and it's terrible.	1
> lack of diversity in the cast now that's a new one lmao	3
I have been doing that. The disc-to-digital thing is pretty sweet.	3
You're most welcome!	3
It's the lists fault!	4
Haha this dude’s from the area I’m from. He’s a local treasure	3
Really wish we had got something like this!	3
I know I don't know the Spanish alphabet but I can't believe I didn't catch that before	5
I don't know what you're talking about, but that sounds just as racist as it is sexist.	5
I want to go back in time and hug you as a child (after you got the lice treated tho).	3
I've been there. It's one of the most diverse places on Earth.	3
I would say. ’good’ but it’s all fucking tragic.	0
Me too. I love it!	3
That uncle was awesome.	3
Also available on Spotify and Apple Music. Any feedback would be hugely appreciated!	3
Brave soul.	3
He sunk their house into the ground and blamed the architect and every episoode after that his beard gets a little less washed 🤔	5
[NAME], [NAME] is the most underrated [NAME]. I love that guy.	3
Oh my god. Don't you know it's illegal to share memes if you don't have an IQ of 16 trillion?	5
[NAME] and [NAME] should be there too E: Damn didn't think this would be unpopular lol	0
I think [NAME] could've been a long term quality backup. We really should have hung onto him and ejected [NAME] like a bad habit.	3
Finally gonna get together with [NAME]. Love is beautiful.	3
Ask him if he wants to a warm glass of shut the hell up.	0
I just dropped out of my science class without being at school, hot damn	4
The only time this movie should encourage blindfolds is when watching it. Then hopefully you won’t witness the giant plot holes and terrible ending.	3
No steel toe boots either. Amateurs. If the owner made his cooks do this instead of proper contractors he deserves a workers comp claim.	0
My coffee burned its way through my nostrils. Thank you!	3
Good luck [NAME]	3
In shock and was more concerned about my kid tbh. Now off course I wish I'd sued the arse off her for emotional distress.	5
Are you promoting sex outside of marriage?	5
Oh, I thought it was about the audio glitch at the end, lol Now I see	3
You’re not being used but she has no right to tell you what to do with your money.	0
Aww yesss assalamu ‘alaykum akhi i love when i see a reflective post by you in here	3
A machine would literally do a worse job than him.	0
same but with panic at the disco	2
Came for the murderino and stayed to say I drive like [NAME] a lot and it’s bad lol	3
Got one, it's still bad dude	4
Wow.	5
old school from back when we won the cup	3
don't know any [NAME], sorry	4
This is badass. I'd love to see it placed over war pigs. Amazing work OP	3
I love this. Now I'm craving tacos in the morning.	3
yeah dude I love my 9(???) with the welded bump stock	3
Sounds like a true basket case. People that actually obsess over conspiracies, oh my....	5
Stuff like this makes me worry a little less about the future generations.	2
I was wondering that as well....	5
Mate you're talking to a Remainer who wants to Remain... I just want a Labour Government that's all.	3
this is a truly remarkable and informative documentary, and well worth setting aside an evening to watch.	3
B plug? What the hell. Use an A plug or you're never going to become doctor some day.	0
Whenever you get a smelly one, don't you feel ashamed? Like what disgusting thing did I do wrong?	4
I would of taken a shit in the woods real quick	1
I don't know how that works, but it's definitive that it will happen on that date.	3
Everyday for the last year and a half has been very hard and I should be glad she's gone. I'm almost there.	3
Yea having children will always solve the problem	3
[NAME] and his supporters are the dumbest humans in the fucking galaxy. They should be locked up for their own safety.	0
It’s fun until you’re looking back	3
The contempt from [NAME] in these threads lately is seriously disappointing.	4
Hey Singapore, you’re in luck!	3
Damn hippies.	0
I kill them all and THEN overwrite my only save. I'm bonkers.	4
I am sure the protection was from other males. How does hat change things?	5
Being someone who has severe anxiety and in this predicament before, you need to do what’s best for YOU	3
Happy Cake Day! :)	3
We can only hope that they will appreciate our sacrifices once they get older!	3
[NAME] - OT3 in my team without me... [NAME] - Sometimes bad things just happen...	4
I laughed so hard.	3
Lol i control your life gooferton btw open your chatbox	3
I’m rather surprised that these books are STILL being made. Like I thought they died off around 2014.	5
Even if you were, all good my dude! Shouldn't comment on something too quickly lol	3
it's simple, it's stupid, and I can't stop laughing. 10/10	3
Nice try with your 1/3 pan and t rex arms there buckaroo /s	3
Either of those scenarios make sense. I'm getting antsy I need some positive Steelers news haha.	3
At least we know they have good taste	3
radical would be good. Poverty has to be erased before society is allowed to maximize individual wealth as it is doing now.	3
Growing up there were people in our church who hated the Smurfs because they were magic using communists.	0
So much time saved. Not.	5
I don't get what you mean	5
I like [NAME] so far but making shots that you missed in the first half aren't coaching adjustments	3
oh my [NAME]	5
Okay I can see this looking really cool for a festival or photos though 😄	3
I became a member in the summer and have still not gotten my packet, your post just gave me hope it still might come	3
Are you here to solve my catsup problem?	5
Its ok we all know you suck scrub.	0
I get ghosted all the time after I open pics. I don't like it, so would not do it to someone else.	0
I dont know, she seems pretty gangster to me.	0
You shouldn't force someone to come out you know. Now look at what you did! You killed [NAME]! You bastard!	0
Yeah dude, that's illegal in so many ways.	0
I agree. That is a fight better left for later.	3
I enjoyed this TED talk.	3
He's trying!	3
So juicy i'm surprised the man from Del Monte isn't knocking at his door.	5
Oh I remember that final , I just dont want to involve my team in the conversation because we share a rivalry	0
Ya i hate to talk bad about don’t but they should get the sticks out of their butts and make smarter decisions for their community	0
"Comments like these are the biggest reason I get so pissed off about fucking centrists crying about the ""both sides"" argument. "	0
I know! I would absolutely do this as well. I’d love to to a AMA with him to find out more.	3
Im sure shell last 5 min	3
fuck atheist countries	0
Sorry, but getting shot at causes an almost instinctive natural reflexive reaction to shoot back. I guess I'm just weird like that.	4
the NT-242 is my favorite battlefront weapon, by far.	3
Actually [NAME] had the #1 PP who bazooka [NAME] fired lol	3
Oh yeah. That character could have had potential if they let him develop properly	3
Is your job my job? Because I don't know what it is about hardware stores that make Ppl stupid but hell are they stupid...	0
Yeah, sorry, I was on the mobile site, and wasn't able to delete it.	4
In the short term, yes.	3
Company car? Oh boy he’s in trouble now.	5
Look we are starving but we still have some honor. We don't need any help from your people. Especially not 50 cents a day	0
Oh right I forgot [NAME] was on the show	5
Ding Ding Ding, exactly where I called BS	0
Easy money, thank you [NAME]	3
I mean, two times zero is zero and that can be a guarantee :D	3
It’s an 05 and we don’t know when the battery was last repacked lol	3
Polarizing filter needed??	5
I desperately want to believe you but then	5
I miss being practically jello as a kid	4
Poeling is looking like a fkn stud. Imagine our C depth next season... [NAME]... holy fuck	0
He looks especially cute in the glasses.	3
Didn't find it believable even from the start	0
Would need the #1 overall in 2 years... should try to get a first in next years draft for AB and hope that team tanks	3
He probably does, but people don’t speak Godlish very well.	3
Haha I meant [NAME]. I was a very chatty fast bowler/no.6 pinch hitter.	3
I once looked at the I-95 and was hospitalised for weeks.	4
Its to bad he doesn’t give Tomlin this treatment.	0
What evidence are you basing this on? What evidence would you accept as convincing you're wrong?	5
Thank you for your concern, fellow conservative	3
Always great to see a fellow [NAME] give proper advice	3
genuinely funny - downvoted	3
Thank you for phrasing it in a way where I picture [NAME] leaning over a school bus seat to tell me that.	3
Tbh, 2020 he would give us another amazing album. This year could still be rushed, but it’s great to see him out and shit	3
That’s my favorite way to introduce myself tbh	3
Again nothing, you are the one obsessing over that term, he literally says he puts girls on a pedestal.	0
Because majority of moves have stupidly long names. GO INTO ANGEL PUNISHER INTO DIVE BOMB RADIANCE AND FINISH THE JOB WITH PUNISHING LIGHT BLADE	0
This is a great thread for catching up on my block list. 10/10 would block again	3
I didn’t rely on them necessarily. I just dislike chiefs and [NAME] lol	3
What? Who said I hated him? I dont give a damn about him either way.	0
Lol he said it was the driver's fault and everyone called him out.	3
That’s the most badass joke I’ve heard	3
I love this 😂	3
Nobody got time for that, Dont even like twitter	0
Your pro controller tho, tops.	3
[NAME] it'd be funny if it weren't so pathetic.	3
"""I'm not the one constantly talking about getting laid, YOU are!"" "	0
Plot twist, she's accepted [NAME] as her Lord and Savior.	3
Yeah but that post is a day old so OP won't have any chance of getting karma off it, cmmon now	3
Apologies, got a little carried away.	4
Whoops. Didn’t know that was a thing. Thanks!	3
I didn't mean for that to sound racist I just mean those [NAME] in the article	0
That’s how I read it in the sentence but my brain reads it as “yeahno”. Lol	3
well, i mean, he served his sentence and repaid his debt. is his punishment over, or is it forever?	5
I also posted about this a few days ago. Maybe they have different designers but none of them has follow-up or approval from a single person, unfortunate	4
[NAME] was my favorite. And I liked [NAME] her first season. They both suck now, so damn hard.	0
As much as I hate [NAME] I love the guy a lot	3
#WHERE ARE THE TURTLES	5
Instagram literally fueles my eating disorder, I can't have it. It is all fake though	4
The age of consent is 16. It's the indecent nature of the photo that has gotten him in trouble.	4
I'm fucking starving here.	0
i mean yeah but people need to understand when someone needs something other than just sexual comments and maybe some actual support	3
money always talk. i want more to learn from this lesson.	3
"This is the sort of chucklefuck who finds himself saying ""and there was nothing I could do"" after a mishap... often."	5
My brother fell asleep on the beach once and his whole back turned purple from sunburn and yours is still worse than his! My [NAME]!!	4
Thanks for explaining the point he was making.	3
I have the same issue with a new co-worker and it drives me insane.	0
r/uk hates nationalism but likes the SNP. Not sure if hypocrisy or it’s different people	5
What a coincidence. I also had a Bort.	5
This actually made me laugh out loud	3
Eat my fuck- [NAME]	0
The secret and walk away endings are not cannon.	0
To me, the best smell a person can have is just a clean smell.	3
Ha! I like that one.	3
Plus corporations are universally unethical	0
I like this kid	3
Is that the dude from spiderman?	5
Sorry. This happens to too many good people.	4
Hahaha damn.	3
[NAME] has a fun instagram	3
Pretty sure their subreddit makes one of these for every game. They're pretty legit.	3
Funny, coming from the tool circle jerk reddit.	3
Easy on the Granville Island gatekeeping amigo. Its absolutely a tourist destination.	3
I wouldn’t worry, most United fans have never even been to Manchester.	0
"That comment about ""kill him with kindness"" was kinda unnecessary. How about just kindness for kindness sake? lol"	3
Looks deliriously boring.	0
I forgot context and thought you meant the band was republican, please don’t worry me like this again	4
also anxious that people will be angry or surprised or upset at me for me never telling people about this before	2
You came at me with attacks, so no, you get NOTHING!	0
It's holiday time here in Europe. Today is my first day in work for 2 weeks.	3
No no no, the ball was tipped. He’s a great kicker	3
The guest judges these last two episodes are so gorgeousss like really	3
Why do you use your valuable time to hate? We only got time to love each other and ourselves.	3
Thank [NAME] for your mother and her googling skills! Now if you have kids you know who allowed and welcome to be around them and who not.	3
Pretend you are the lead in a movie. You will probably get laid, confidence is everything. Bingo bango, great night!	3
Lmao I'm sorry!	4
Maybe it’s just too early but I can’t figure out what that’s supposed to be.	5
I read this place obsessively and didn't see it, so I'm enjoying it and upvoting it anyway	3
Of all the injustices in the world!	0
Man I love listening to [NAME] talk and I’d love to have a chat with him but he does talk some bollocks sometimes.	3
Great reply as usual	3
If you think he's working 2400 times harder than an average minimum wage worker then there's something severely wrong with your world view.	0
It’s a fast food restaurant, what do you expect?	5
Thank you for doing these, i wanna learn our prospects more and this helps	3
😅 thanks bew bew	3
FIRE THE MEDICAL TEAM.	0
Also the fishing has been terrible for a month now. I am about to take the 5 story jump my friends.	1
Ugh, he sounds like a slob and you should leave him.	0
Scrambled eggs, chevre, sweet potato chips, and a side of I should probably go shopping. A confusing flex	5
For me it's more about making my personal appearance a hobby more than just buying expensive stuff to have it	3
Will see,still better for Chelsea then [NAME] who looked completely lost and devoid of any confidence lately	4
That sounds intelligent. Wonder why you don’t have a job you have to interview for.	5
I agree, it would be a bore if everybody agreed with everyone else.	3
My type of cheerleader. Those are some good looking guys	3
"Damn I got a notif from a (very cute) friend saying ""no u"" on Discord right before I saw this"	0
That solves it. Thank you!	3
Try to keep yourself busy with other things to forget the thoughts.	3
[NAME] is gorgeous and so are you.	3
4 lives essentially, its insane	0
All good 👍	3
so painful to watch	4
He’s a coward, but no need to ruin his life. You should feel sorry for him.	3
Where I live this standard, however they would of only been together just three weeks. Great news for you guys thou.	3
You’re right, I was thinking of AiG or the Discovery Institute.	3
Ooohhh shit, they did *not* just say men should be decent human beings, they've finally taken it too far! Gather the troops! /s	0
Thanks! That was an interesting read. Seems there really is a city where they built more homes than there were people to live there!	3
So glad to hear that! you go girl<3	3
Sorry I dropped mine can I have another?	5
And? That still doesn’t debate the fact that he’s all about the money?	5
I wanna give [NAME] a mosquito bite	3
It sounds like you'd have a great time with Final Fantasy XIV.	3
What are you even talking about? I'm sorry you don't like [NAME], get over it.	4
Their faces tho, LOL	3
Omg!! They are kinda turning [NAME] into new [NAME].	5
Fruit is byfar the worst of all flavors	0
Disagree wholeheartedly. I'm actually amazed anyone can think this way.	0
"Okay. Then what does ""anti-imperialism"" mean to you? "	5
I like that he keeps with the Cardinals’ colors. This needs to be an alternative uniform	3
Your just killing time now.	0
Laugh all you want, it's pretty much indestructible now!	3
I wish my mom was catgirl savvy.	3
The smile on these guys face, the will and passion to explore all gone in a second. Rest in peace explorers!	4
Ugh this moment really had me crying lol just hearing him remember all the good I was like WHY	3
[NAME] is having a great start to the game. Very gritty and I love it. Plz keep him.	3
Alright, thanks	3
The QB said they loved it	3
I'm glad :)	3
I've used tofu and nutritional yeast before. It works well for ricotta! Recipe here!	3
Fucking and being a boy	0
Got any examples?	5
I really hope more queer couples have kids. It needs to become more normalized. I definitely want at least 2, probably through surrogacy.	3
Because then if the wife gets pregnant it becomes difficult to find out which husband she is pregnant with	5
Agreed. Sometimes you just have to move forward and let those determined to be left behind have their wish.	3
Block the number, avoid your parents, and cut the toxic people out of your life.	3
>And I could be wrong about my [RELIGION] faith but again that’s the point of faith. The point of faith is to be wrong?	5
You shouldn't be using hydrocortisone on your face:	0
I LOVE THE HIGHS TOO. At least I know tomorrow I will hate them. Is the good worth the bad? Sometimes...	3
That... That makes a lot more sense than what I thought they were chanting.	3
♫ Your love for me Won't be quite the same When you take a whiff Of my hershey stains. ♫	3
hes doing it for his kid	3
Wow, impressive... And how long until it breaks and they decide it's not worth repairing?	3
Fuck the White House, fuck McDonald’s and fuck this post.	0
If there’s a pattern, yes.	3
He’s a brave man.	3
I definitely get that vibe from this post. Or [NAME] was friends with them and didn’t get invited to the party lmao	4
2016 was also the worst year of my life	0
Can't play defence when everything is call and on the other end the Bulls haven't gotten a call since early in the quarter ...	5
Bitch yes!	0
Rumor says he failed the medical. Probably false but this is Arsenal anything can happen.	3
Haha haha! Excellent	3
That has to be the saddest nba account ever. Like 4 likes every post :(	4
It'll still be beautiful! They'll just have to be prepared to get a bit damp!	3
God damn, [NAME] gets 2 Mikans? Lucky.	5
I'm not telling them, I was just saying that the person who knew them irl said they were a she. That is all	0
Unless the government steps in and does something stupid	0
Spent time with them. Argue with them. Laugh with them. Cry with them. We all get lonely when we are old.	4
I also remember the scripts stating [NAME] look was one of jealousy, which disappoints me.	4
Awesome, great to see people coming together for peer to peer cash!	3
No I thought that movie was really bad. I could relate to requiem for a dream.	0
> I want to feel peace and not have to wake up everyday anxious for what the day has in store. I can relate to this.	3
That is an exceedingly rare failure. I read an article about this guy. He was just stupid and stopped there.	0
I tried to send this to a friend but [NAME] knocked it away.	4
This is a symptom of the main reason I don't drink or do drugs. F	3
Now if you can teach her english, the real fun starts.	3
Great trade for us but we're losing some forward depth in [NAME]. Tbh though I would be willing to take the risk.	3
I was hoping they both were gonna hit the ground lol	3
wow it’s literally disgusting that you’re getting downvoted for pointing out that she abuses her kids. this is the society we live in, eugh	1
Tbh, that sounds better than lithium	3
Does that violate the NAP or not, hmm🤔	5
Hey, [NAME] nerf to basic damage and no damage mitigation in stealth! Thank [NAME]!	3
My face is so round so I don’t even know what male haircut to get :(	5
There's a difference between rights and law. Stop conflating the two.	0
I watched the whole thing. I miss that style of cartoon. Simultaneously silly and understated.	4
Imagine if we dont trade [NAME] and [NAME] fans just kill all of us.	2
But where?	5
Hi, [NAME]! I am stopping by to wish you the best day, and the best year! -HappyFriendlyBot	3
You are amazing	3
I can’t believe only 3 people pet the cat. Not even the cameraman pet the cat!	5
He's the only dignified politician, but it's still bizarre that people can be so enamoured of a literal [NAME]	3
This is the funniest shit I've seen all day.	3
Don't worry about it.	3
Ha! I can totally see him having these pictures on his dating profile. He’s so cheesy lol.	3
I love [NAME]	3
Woman here - $50 per orgasm please! I could easily make $300 in a half hour wankfest...	3
I changed from [NAME] to [NAME] last night because I panicked. I am very pleased with my decision.	3
Omg i hope this is about [NAME]. I would LOVE to see [NAME] and [NAME] go head to head	3
I don't really want to do anything.	0
I’d buy a cheap version of it.	3
Not to mention that the full video is part of the kids PR campaign according to [NAME] idiot	4
How did U quit being obsessed? It’s my goal for 2019.	5
Because [NAME] doesn't have time to monitor what is going on in a couples bedroom.	5
Huh, I'd missed this one when looking for new games a few months back. Might have to give it a try.	4
Troo, troo....worse eban dan eat pizza wif aht a ferk.	1
I like [NAME] because she hates America	3
Hahaha I KNEW y'all were gonna post this	3
Omg lala a housewife I can’t even imagine!	5
The great ancap argument lol	3
What the hell are you talking about?	0
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.	3
Haha, yes.	3
"LOL top right one says ""It's MY birthday"""	3
That would be perfect! Wish I had that.	3
That's true for every loss except for this one. He's being really petty and hasn't taken the [NAME] loss well.	0
That dude is Russian intelligence	3
Ik these are great!	3
I see it this way also. I have never played Pokemon Go but I feel like DD creates the same excitement.	3
Did someone turn u down? Is this revenge?	5
I get it. I hate that [NAME]. Taking advantage of sad people.	0
His eyebrows are too precious	3
Wow. Got a link?	5
You elect [NAME], you get what you vote for, Utah. Congratulations, you got what you voted for. Vote smarter next time.	3
The likes of [NAME] utter genius cannot be fathomed by mere mortals	0
Don’t rush it .... it will eventually all fall into place, Enjoy today	3
If it’s fan made they deserve an award. Or money. Something. The score is strange though	5
Wow really? I watched a fair bit of KR Contenders. I guess I just wasn’t paying that much attention.	5
Never worked on my babies. So disappointing	4
It sounds like they found out that when asked if they have an allergy, people with a non-allergy food intolerance still answer yes.	5
thats the future right there, robots trying to help but destroying your whole home in the process.	1
Rape kit test from six year old migrant girl revealed DNA from 30 men.	4
By ranting aimlessly on the internet about it, obviously ;)	0
No it was a joke	3
Didn't notice the date, sorry.	4
Kotaku never ceases to amaze me with the horrible decisions they make in posting stories that can ruin people's lives with no confirmation or validity.	2
i was just feeling it okay i knew it wouldn’t blow up!!!	3
Which part do you not understand?	5
If they actually want to prevent abortions, they should be fighting for universal healthcare, comprehensive sex ed, and civilized parental leave policies.	3
Thank you. Language is weird. Why do you have multiple words for the same thing?	3
THIS IS THE JOKE	3
The dad is like ARE YOU FUCKING SORRY Jokes aside, good on the dad and the 2nd pissed off dude Tryin to make a change :-	1
Lay off the drugs dude	3
No, that means you're actually 41.	0
Wow talk about strength!	3
[NAME], He's got the name that you'd love to touch...	3
I've seen a number of them on there. I regret seeing most of them but some are legit movies.	4
EB GAMES STILL EXIST there?	5
That is the coolest name	3
Damn that's a good-looking pizza	3
[NAME] would laugh and hang up if this was the offer	3
I don't feel alive anymore. I don't feel anything. I'm just numb all over. All I know is I want it to stop	4
It is. Something I've wondered about many times	5
Gods, what a loser.	4
Be careful with the Washington Times. It's not exactly the Washington Post.	3
Is it that confusing to understand a food layerd with meat chees pasta aand sos we call lasagna	5
because it's a morning ritual and i like the smell and taste	3
I think it's your choice that determines it	3
You are the only real person i can look at soo noo	3
Lol no wonder it's so expensive. I've been wondering if his developers are taking him for a ride.	3
Excellent use of this scene. Your skills and taste border on wizardry.	3
This is the most majestic effortless mullet I have ever seen. The blending, the way his wavy locks lay. This is incredible.	3
If you’re concerned about [NAME], then you must still be concerned about [NAME]. WAR over last 2 seasons: [NAME]: 4.8, 3.1 [NAME]: 4.0, 3.6	3
I'm not on it I was just wondering for the sake of knowing.	5
This hurts me.	4
If you want a one minute story told in half an hour then ask [NAME] to tell it.	3
And dedmon is expiring. So he likely would have walked for nothing. Huge win	3
It's normal school except they sexually identify as [RELIGION]	3
Box up all his stuff and put it outside the door	0
His time will come for that	3
I freakin love this channel	3
He's the only one who has managed anything positive in this game	3
You are the expert.	3
I do! (Sorry this comment just showed up for some reason)	3
You better have done 3oh!3 proud and twisted	3
Older nurses seem to have less tolerance for the bullshit of hospital work and move on once it gets to be too ridiculous.	0
Thanks ! so need to try a donair sounds amazing	3
I love Skyline Chili but I totally understand why other people don't. Same with Imo's.	3
I appreciate the fact that you used your precious time to translate the meme in Latin.	3
They've all fucked your mother. Just ask them.	0
Must be fun, just rewriting history at will...	3
i really don't get why people like this guy	5
I love you, as a feminist with ASD words are very hard for me and you described this so well	3
Finally something nice	3
Thats even worse than what you put up (no offense really). Your work is well done just a hideous design.	3
Thanks nate. If you need any help any time or support I'm here for ya.	3
Me too. Sweet!	3
>who accused him and [NAME] of raping her then did a porno where she fucked both of them AND [NAME]? She did?	5
Impressive to have such foresight.	3
too much logic in there for remainiacs only interested in cheering for unicorns and insulting the british people.	0
I like your rant.	3
Mommy bad man!!!	5
Ive seen that move no less than 5 times and I still get irrationally angry at the Harvard rich kid	0
I am glad your okay.	3
I actually have an odd feeling the game will become even more fun than before.	3
Unite us. Unite the clans.	3
Wow. All that up and down cycling. These people must feel 80 by the time they're 30.	3
You don't follow [NAME]. You're a hypocrite following man's interpretation of the word of [NAME]. Youre too stupid to even be embarrassed.	0
Dude! Coyotes are no joke. Good job, [NAME].	3
Let [NAME] think about his performance for this 2 week break, god that was a brutal last 5 mins	4
It would've been pretty funny in May. Not anymore I'd say.	3
> Yes, I truly believe in soul mates. we'll just have to agree to disagree	3
Never mind the delays. Fish, unlike Wine or cheese doesn't improve with age.	3
I drive an old car but it is clean and well maintained.	3
Just checking in with my fellow zombie pale girls: what kinda brains do you like with your ghoulish pallor?	5
Weird, FBI did an investigation and proved that never happened. White knights make me cringe.	2
Sorry to hear that was all it got :/	4
Nice work [NAME]!	3
You have a long and amazing life ahead of you...you're beautiful 💜	3
It really sucks that almost everything we know and love about [NAME] is either told to us by proxy through other characters or is the result of fan-fics/shipping.	0
I know one time I mixed stuff up and posted the slashes instead of the asterisks to italicize. Oops.	4
I love Big Brother, they make an appointment and come pick up used household goods and clothes. Easiest way to donate.	3
Burnout takedown. Then when trying to recover in the weekend, a nice chunk of self condemnation.	0
No one comes here it’s cool	3
**I can't believe she held out for a full 24 hours before flip-flopping**	5
I feel like environmentalism has lost steam over the past ten to twenty years as the call to action has gotten too large in scope and abstract.	5
Everyone is fed up of it, but it'll be over soon and we'll be glad of it then. Just like the Newlands Cross flyover.	3
Very interesting!!!	3
Thanks, I'll do that next time. I didn't mean to get blood on it after all.	3
Give it time. Pain like that needs to heal just like open wounds. I really hope that you will eventually start to feel better.	3
It's interesting, if this was about invasive food smells in an apartment this conversation probably wouldn't be happening.	3
I'm surprised [NAME] didn't bust that dress open when she bent down to high [NAME]	5
What exactly are we looking at?	5
[NAME]!	0
Took me a few time watching it to realize that was a man and not a child.	5
No, I don't mind all that much. I just hate being subjected to second hand carcinogens	0
If your enjoying your time with the other person then you are always on fun dates.	3
Makes you wonder about the superbike which was going even faster..	3
100%,I'm actually impressed	3
Hooray for the cancer! /s	3
Steeler 4 life lol	3
I think he's probably (hopefully) more interested in the URL of the page... :D	3
Reddit I’m blind, what’s the bottom right?	5
Yes? FBI? This Lady Right here..	3
Australian here. I hereby agree that this does in fact provoke nightmares.	3
Nah man. This website smells like toast and makes my left arm hurt.	0
I mean, she could still be related to Palpatine or something. I mean, who knows they're kinda making it all up as they go along.	5
Human trafficking is bad.	0
You quack!	0
Oh thank [NAME] another commercial break. I was missing all these repeated, terrible ads	3
I saw a pic on twitter where she was also wearing a fur stole and she looked amazing.	3
Agree with [NAME] and yang I only really liked [NAME] for a little bit she irritated me	3
In draft I see a lot of enchantress. Even without Enchantress if Lodestone Demolition gets 6 dmg(same as Lightning Strike) I am happy.	3
It’s still not working unfortunately :(, you have a link to your YT?	4
Sometimes it’s annoying but I think it’s at an okay place right now	3
youve never played against a good support [NAME] then	4
Samsies! I could have written the feels in this post. It's like the job I never ever wanted and got and now I've tenure	3
i hate this	0
oh gosh i heard about that and though it was absolutely disgusting	1
Yeah it sort of sucks now.	0
I dont own a gun. I just dont like your attitude. You read like a drugged out washed up leach.	0
I could not agree with you more! These selfish women crying abuse to manipulate.	3
Bay Area, sorry ;D	4
Achilios too good	3
[NAME] way of doing things is straight trash for [NAME] lol. The latter end of the competition being bottom is a default sometimes.	3
ahh yes I forgot to include steps 3a *and* 3b. thanks fam	5
It's all fun and games until your crush turns into a spaceship.	3
One of our favorite rides.	3
Thank you!	3
At least she wasn’t engaged 19 TIMES!!!! 😜	5
What do you mean by verified transactions?	5
Hey! Any chance you still have those templates? I'd love to replace my screens with Chabot and Dutchy, or Tkachuk, or Stoner :)	5
Wow this team has no clue what to do against this right now. There has to be 15 turnovers already.	5
I appreciate the pointer. It definitely sounds like something I’m capable of. I’ll reach out to them.	3
[NAME] a fantastic word poet	3
sorry, i phrased that wrong. i meant that as a asexual, i get that a lot	4
we will see I hope your right. all we can do is play our best.	3
This is a very long story about nothing	3
Just curious: What do you normally do with your weekends?	5
Very nice.	3
Cute. 💖	3
I love that smile of his!!!!	3
This joke made me want to walk right out of the Dumbledoor.	3
This game is so good, nearly every dc character you can think of is in it	3
Be careful, or he'll have to use 10% of his power on you!	3
Sorry dumbass, the provision is for paid **training days** But nice try	0
Wow that was ...mind blowing.	3
too bad nothing came off it	4
Props to the guy for being honest	3
He, like [NAME] and [NAME], are better in the latter halves of seasons. Let's see if he can do some damage.	3
I freakin’ love doing this, too!!! Makes me happy for a second or two!	3
I thought that phrase was only used for memes now lol at least that's what I got from Vic deals	3
Nobody would flop like that in practice	0
I love in SoSpaHa - south of Spanish Harlem.	3
Dude awesome job being the reading police, great work out there tonight. Keeping the streets safe.	3
Lol you wish it was that easy. Lying POS customers have the advantage with review websites sadly.	3
Thanks everyone for your feedback! Dosing one bottle tomorrow night around 8pm EST, will post back with results 🤠	3
I don't think you see it in the flames sub... if you do it's probably a joke	3
Did people really go against [NAME] when he came out? I wasn't as in to his stuff at the time but I remember people being supportive.	5
This will pass and you will be happy again. Just not right now. Hang in there.	3
That game hurt.	4
Hitting your kids for punishment just makes them sneakier. Maybe that has something to do with the dishonesty of the church and [RELIGION] in general.	5
AV is a system where if you vote for a loser you can change your mind and 'have another go'. That's the problem.	0
I have a Secrets engagement ring, I love it, cost 1/10th of a real diamond and no one can tell. Would highly recommend!	3
The highest rate of eating disorder in men is binge eating disorder... I fail to see how a pressure to l ok good causes binge eating disorder	4
"""So long, [NAME]"""	3
This version of mass destruction is by far my favorite	3
"""[NAME] remains being [NAME]"" is absolutely perfect."	3
Wow either [NAME] misspoke or I didn't hear correctly. I swear he said chainsaw, that is totally different from knife or cooking accident.	5
Why is there a huge focus on the living room? The perspective confused me so much.	5
I feel like someone smart will go pound bama on the ML right now. But that person won’t be me lol.	3
Been with ethnic girls, blondes, brunettes, and a fake red head. No correlation.	3
I love this comment	3
So fucking awesome. Cheers from Brazil.	3
This is oddly wholesome. I love it.	3
Is that a kid directly beside her?	5
That was never in discussion all Miami wanted was to get rid off the whole contract.	0
Whaaaaaaat the heck was that?	0
Haaaaa this was just on OZ the other night. Thanks.	3
I'm infinitely more interested in why the Physique one has an extra like	3
Id like to see Finland win it. But id like to see [NAME] and [NAME] carry their teams in every way possible to those losses.	3
Nice post here, dork.	3
I've recently figured out I'm the perfect mix of smart ass and sweet, the ladies love it.	3
I would never tell anyone stick is better than pad, but speaking personally, it's way more fun	3
Let them argue. We've never done anything remotely as bad as MOST OF THE WORLD does routinely.	0
Ok so this doesn't seem like a cover given they made a whole comp for him	0
Thank you for the advice. I was thinking it was envy, and I needed some place to get advice from some strangers.	3
Grew up in the south. When I left for college, I was very confused why people were walking around with smudges on their foreheads for Ash Wednesday.	5
Could they have written a more uninspiring Press Release. Hopefully it is more about [NAME] than [NAME] and [NAME].	3
Thanks I’m falling in love, and it’s also cost efficient!	3
It's going to hit all of us but there it is : no deal. It's high time to accept reality.	3
Yeah, I do. I'm just pretty sure that that will fuck my heart eventually. But I'll worry about that later.	2
> If everyone is put on the same level, where’s the competition? That's not what communism is..	0
I don’t give a F F the haters F all the haters Much love, no hate Machines within, machines within	0
It really is! I loved everything about it. I'm so happy my friend told me about the franchise :)	3
oh, me too, actually.	3
The NEW & IMPROVED Doggy Slinky!!! Everyone loves a Slinky!	3
Didn't really help who the Master is but [NAME] will lose his damn mind. We video game worlds now.	4
He has been given all the time/freedom in the world - he just doesn't deliver.	4
They didn't play it safe. They played it big and failed hard. The plot is too damn big for a soft-reboot game.-* +	0
He’s so eager to please! This trait in dogs is so endearing.	0
"Also the sneezing. The dog is sneezing which is canine for ""this is a great game"""	3
It's sad that we have to think of it as a miracle and not a regular occurrence :/	4
Has anyone else realized that there are 16 [NAME] on this glorious movie poster?	5
You forgot blue passports	0
I can't wait till they invent that pill either, and for you to start taking it, for the sake of the rest of us. Fuck.	3
Great show honestly	3
You look awesome in this picture	3
Better than just saying hey :)	3
thanks! :)	3
I figured as much. If I were them I'd definitely be sceptical.	5
Damn you have a lot of alts. :D	3
Just out of curiosity... What was the opinion?	5
And you've never driven over the speed limit?	5
One of my 56 favourites	3
I love [NAME].	3
He'd hate me. My standards are even higher.	0
Don't worry, I forgive you.	3
"This has happened to me with the girls I tried to connect with irl as well as FA ""lonely"" girls from this very sub"	4
Thank you bot.	3
If he does well, do you guys think that's a sign that we could flip a senate seat? I like [NAME] a lot.	3
I am in fact a woman, but I'm not bothered by the assumption. Thank you :)	3
*Redditor for less than 30 days* New troll account, eh?	5
‘My Goddess went to prison and all I got was this crappy t-shirt’	0
My worst fear when I finally get over someone Those damn what ifs	2
Hey.... that's not the wallet inspector...	0
I hate that I like them...	0
Omg that’s a perfect idea! I obviously want to avoid the stalker thing but I do love basketball and understand it so this seems possible	3
Right. I’m surprised everyone thinks he’s so cute...	5
And there I was blaming the poor black lads	4
That's an extremely ignorant thing to say	0
thank you!	3
Wow. Thank you so much. I really appreciate this.	3
Are your daughters twins?	5
[NAME] wasn't accused of sexual assault	0
Well I mean he got erased from existence twice and is still here so I'm guessing it has to be something more than that.	3
Yeah that doesn't sound fun at all. I may just stick to the burbs.... Thanks for the reply.	3
This qualifies as emotional neglect. Just, to be clear, that is a form of covert abuse and is not okay or normal.	0
Uhhhhhhhhh well that's not good	0
I have already, what's your point?	5
It’s embarrassing to share a license with them, that’s for sure.	4
I’m glad you fixed Minnesota, because there is a 0% chance we will go Red.	3
Wow. Of COURSE this happened	5
[NAME]? I'd be surprised if he plays.	5
happy cake day	3
[NAME] I hate this	0
Fuck right off, it was illegal at the time so the law was being broken. Learn to live with your actions and their consequences you whiny socialists.	0
That's the idea, don't be so indignant that I called out your bs.	3
oliver and black canary is evergreen.. [NAME] is the most annoying character since season 3.. why would CW come up with that	3
Oh, but amazingly it seemed to work out in the end because oil eating bacteria evolved in the Gulf of Mexico	3
Holy fuck, report this now. The fuck you doing on reddit?	0
I wouldn't be surprised if the Cheetos dust was coming out of his sweat.	5
I legit thought he was JSE for a second. I was so confused, but so happy all at the same time	5
the original concern was about one particular type of vaccine, not all vaccinations.	0
Saddos??? And holy heck that laughing emoji, what a disrespectful sociopath. I'm so sorry you have to deal with her.	4
It always makes me super happy when I see stuff like this. Go live your best life girl!	3
Go fuck yourself.	0
Yayyyy [NAME]!!!! Now go get a hat trick tonight!	3
Your mindset is the right mindset, sadly, it's easier said than done.	3
I'm hoping that the TTK might help. He's really bad at R6 for the most part.	3
Happy new years!!!!	3
wow! trust issues.	5
i am. This means i will move from MTN to VODACOM. and i only roam!! Wow	3
5 years for a guy who will most likely break down physically before year 3. Awesome move.	3
Thank you!! Every time I see someone say “with one exception” I’m like nooo! It’s a song too!!	3
I saw this to, thanks tho :) it helps but not as much as I'd like	3
1 Corinthians 13 😅 I am lazy so i won't write it down sry	0
Not my proudest fap	0
Uncle doods is awesome.	3
I'd just feel less out of place, I guess. My SA makes me feel like I'm so behind my peers in terms of a social life	4
It may get you pregnant so just make sure you eat all her birth control before hand.	3
Exercising. Yoga. Meditation. Walks out by myself. ( walking meditation) Good friends. Time with good friends.	3
*losing hope Loose is what your mom is	4
Your opinion doesn’t matter enough to me to trigger me :)	0
Fuck that guy for game 2	0
For some reason this post is making me crave an apartment.	3
The number of pedos is too damn high!	0
Congrats bud! Hope it was a good 21st!	3
Do it :) You’d make my day!	3
In my mind. I forgot everything :(	4
ASK HER OUT FOR COFFEE OR SOMETHING ALREADY! And while i wish things go well for you with her, next time dont wait for so many signals.	3
Happy little lies.	3
"Thank you. I've been correcting the record for triggered authoritarians for a minute! ""Mah taxes"""	3
[NAME] can actually be accessed via the DC universe steaming/comics service	5
"I mean... It's about average. So not $200 but not ""throw it in the trash"" either. "	0
And most ironic. We created the language but people still don’t properly understand us as the mutated the damn thing	0
I think I should say that I am a student and have no income.	3
That’s a fuckin budgie. You gotta be a moron at birds to not know that. That’s like Bird Basics 101.	0
Her playing with fire, and getting burned. Stay strong.	3
This is terrible	2
Probably fake. In most situations Siri will tend to avoid words like penis and hope you're saying pianist	3
Good for him, most guys are like [NAME] and would take her back in an instant.	3
Hope you're ok!	3
I will third Blues City Deli...the Prez [NAME] is ridiculous!	3
This is a very cursed lineup	0
Where does this one person every 67 hours statistic come from?	5
Salaam, these thoughts happen. It is the shaitan trying to divert you from the path. May [NAME] grant you patience and the steadfastness to protect yourself.	3
You must be fun at parties.	3
"& when you call them on their shit they ban you from their subreddit for ""oppressing people"""	0
I like the name mummied the best so far	3
It feels weird to me cause im the type of person who always immediately texts back	0
Ah, the good old days where you could lose in a game! Yes!	3
"I guess we didn't truly ""match"" but I saw the profile with the percentage of their calculated compatibility."	3
It dulls the pain	2
Great report! They are correct, it was never a hack.	3
Interesting. Can you give some examples?	3
Willpower. I have a lot of little compulsions I give into. Time to gain control over my day to day.	3
I have never had so many heart attacks..	5
I swear of all the people that dislike artifact, the gwent crew is by far the most obnoxious.	1
Every instagram page posts this lol	3
Ignore him, he is a spiteful little rat who is mad because someone did something good and it reminds him how pathetic he is.	0
Yo good for you!	3
No one gives a fuck about your internet points guy	0
Last three times have been lost Final, won Final, lost ECF, which is insane. Just a shame that's over the course of 17 years	4
And is that good or bad?	5
He’s been shit. Makes the wrong decision in the final third every time this game.	0
That's how mafia works	3
Honestly rams are my second NFC team. I wanted you to win it all since the beginning of the playoffs and I love the team even more now	3
Oh man, glad I'm not watching this with my extremely emetophobic mother	3
Damn you! Now all this dirty money is flooding Frankfurt and Dublin!	0
Ok. Thanks	3
Ha! I actually included that on purpose, was poking fun at me (and the typical MS3) :)	3
Youre being dowmvoted but you are absolutely correct. I have a feelingnyour downvotes are more a sign of the obesity problem than anything	3
I like that [NAME] is still [NAME]	3
This is legit an awesome idea. There’s a reason rifles are shouldered like that. Makes it easier to stabilize it. Stability is important in photography	3
Any differing opinion that exists is heresy.	0
So angry. PMS?	5
Peaky Blinders is the shit. I don't understand how there isn't more hype around this show.	0
It was so great to have a nice friendly NPC like that. Just one student that didn't hate our guts.	3
Almost the same Win% as [NAME]. Nice.	3
That was so sad. And she kept calling for mommy the whole time. Then they ditched her with grandma.	4
<3 It was hilarious, sorry I doubted you!	3
That's just reckless. He's lucky he didn't get permanently disfigured or killed.	3
You get a lot more freedom and free time. College is a blast	3
Thank you :)	3
Good Luck at the SuperBowl [NAME]!	3
Yeah? I’ll believe it when the Packard plant is a bigger version of the Factory at franklin	5
This is really disgusting, the 4x4 community is one of the nicest around, Shame that a few c*nts gotta do shit like this.	1
It's literally not. I love that people believe it. I'd like to see any info showcasing it.	3
"C1,2 7.30 pm [NAME] to [NAME], ""I how how you can throw down"" HAHAHA!!! "	3
Did you have to make this picture yourself because it’s just wonderful	3
You're a female? Sup girl, how you livin'?	5
Peace and love, my brother!	3
Hahaha, good point	3
How is one not amused by that? I can't imagine being angry even if it was my lunch. lmao...	0
Just try really hard to not ghost her and give her some kind of closure. Ghosting will most likely hurt more... Good luck.	3
Come on, this would be funny with a better caption.	3
Italy would be so awesome - I think it's one of those countries you'll just instantly fall in love with.	3
Oh wow I didn't know this policy was in place in the 70s!	5
Thanks a lot	3
Yes they do. Thank you for the idea!	3
Alright thanks to all. I will tr it with more wards the next time and boots and penetration. Thx for your support!	3
Yo your eyes are glued wide open like aderal and you move your head all the way back you are done	3
i swear i've seen this on a poster somewhere at my school, it's awful	1
Thanks, now I can get back to the actual content	3
Ah thank you! I just remembered it the way I said. Was never sure if that's what it meant.	3
I love lamp.	3
Yeah, this is always my first thought when I read this kind of stuff, kinda sad to be honest	4
We had a clown banging on dorm windows, on campus, with a knife in 2016. Was terrifying.	2
Nice job continuing to ignore the fact she lost her home and her father at the peak of the 2008 housing crisis you obtuse prick	3
I’m pregnant and my dog is with my parents across the country while we renovate. The feels were too much 😭	4
“That’s also cute” I say as I look at the 5k in LEGO I’m hoarding	3
Yeah, that teacher was a disaster. She got fired a year later for just being an all around idiot.	0
Welcome to our world.	3
Was that a sound effect or the pup freaking out?!	5
oh [NAME] I unleashed the beast	2
Sorry. Was hard to understand for me as well.	3
Stop trying and just do it. Then decide if it’s worth the effort. Otherwise this is just envy.	3
I’ve had the impossible burger. I was actually amazed. Thorough review here looking forward to trying the beyond burger	3
No one in particular....i mean to people who believe that [NAME] and [NAME] are actually in love.	3
I love the way they make my skin feels after I use them. I also use the primer for my makeup.	3
Word. I have 0 of these in my life. I miss my INTJ ex brother-in-law haha.	3
nearly 9 minutes?! no wonder you're getting downvoted lol	3
Vans are ugly as hell. You just cant make a Minivan look mean. Also why are they trying?	1
lol [NAME] trying to attack someone with their back turned	3
That's a welcome relief. Lol.	3
Be the change you want to see in the world!	3
Lol, I don't know the game that well	3
Glad this waste of time is over. Lets get back to the business of fixing this team.	3
Idk I feel like it's just an exaggeration, English is a hyperbolic language	0
Agghh this is amazing! Wish I had thought of something like this when I was leaving retail!	3
Aight thanks bro for the insight	3
Wait did [NAME] steal that name from the pinkerton guy?	5
I wonder why the fuck out of this alive. well, there was a perfectly reasonable explanation.	0
I’m curious as to how this came about in badwomensanatomy. Was she saying this was something that couldn’t be done?	5
Also his Whirlpool seems to be bugged, sometime it stays for like 3more seconds even tho you don't get any damage from it anymore	0
[NAME] ever love the busses	3
Ugh, so misleading, and such a disappointment for those of us whose skin is the color of ACTUAL porcelain.	4
🤣 wow... I read it all in a serious tone until the end! 🤣	3
I just want instant run off voting, which wasn't one of the three options.	3
This is actually fascinating. I actually love this. Please don't call the cops.	3
The my bad thing is hilarious.	3
Thank you! And i understand that one too.	3
Luckiest I’ve been is getting the toy I actually wanted from a McDonald’s happy meal.	3
Man'. The point became invalid once the school yard name calling came out. And, 'this year'. It's only January.	0
Looks like pretty much any Donkeys fan.	3
Well you came to the right place	3
Safe rooms and hidden passages, I hope.	3
Just woke up and bull run already started.. loving the 💩 show	3
Why wouldn’t you want as much exposure to the idea of this protest as possible? It’s an incredibly important issue.	5
Can you share a link to video?	5
Damn straight. It’s a new year, and our troubles are just opportunities for future success!	3
Now it's a double birth stone, so it's extra special!	3
No, I definitely understand that feel and empathize. That can be hard to deal with. How have you been as of late?	3
Don’t be silly. Fiat on/off ramps will always be centralized.	3
This thought brings me too much joy. The tantrum-throwing traitor has taken me to a very dark place.	3
I mean, he is a terrible president.	0
Well to be fair to these idiots Family Guy constantly makes episodes complaining about their lack of Emmys.	0
Nope, they still left even though they knew I was going through a rough patch :)	4
Thank you so much! This summarizes a lot!	3
You’ll love r/2healthbars	3
Really appreciate this post and article. I just subscribed and between this and the sidebar I'm feeling pumped about starting he learning.	3
> I feel the big man deserves some love. Because people on places like /r/pcmasterrace doesn't treat him like the second coming of [NAME].	3
Trying to read that made me feel like I just huffed formaldehyde amd mercury	0
[NAME]. is getting REALLY good!	3
[NAME] : completely unpredictable Bunch of them were standing together in the middle of the ring lol	3
Thanks a ton man. I definitely do overthink a lot and I’d serve myself well letting life come to me more often	3
Doing a happy dance! Yay!	3
Happy Cake day!	3
No.. This dudes a little wack in the head	0
Everyone clapped too btw	5
I probably just watched whatever episode someone else is rewatching.	3
Like an idiot.	0
I totally believe it, it's crazy how many drivers are so unaware of their lights	3
Thank you. I appreciate your kind offer.	3
What’s the issue with [NAME]? I think he’s been good off the bench this season .	5
Really? In real life, she's wearing comfortable clothes with no makeup. Other than that she looks the same.	5
Thank you for explaining:)	3
Honestly never seen one as dumb as this.	0
I love making peoples’ names verbs related to things they do!	3
So proud our sub is leaking into facebook	3
World has Turned and Left Me Here.	4
I LOVE WALNUT CREEK	3
This is good for people who pilots as well and rely on Tablets or phones for mapping	3
The tone is incredible.	3
That’s a really cool GMC van there, love seeing really old, unusual vehicles like that around town.	3
Stupid democrats!!!!!!!	0
Having no position is in itself a position. I'm not sure which party is more likely to split right now.	5
I did not know that. Thanks!	3
I like the mountain of health and guts thing about shugoki. Wouldn't mind if he get even more health	3
"It saddens me that [NAME] legacy has become ""Posterboy for edgy manchilds"""	4
Where in the timeline does ESO take place? If there be dragons, is this around Skyrim or in the distant past?	5
Dogs , unconditional love	3
Aww this made me tear up! Please keep posting your poems, they are so special ♥️	3
Bless his heart	3
I know what you mean and with me, I love animals. Do you have any hobbies you like to do?	3
I just had deja vu reading this comment. Weird.	5
He's not THAT bad on YouTube, but on Twitter... Let's just say that he's problematic	3
I love all things supportive of books and spreading their wonderfulness.	3
And yet still just outside of the playoffs and not the worst team in the last 10 games.	0
They look pretty great tbh stache and all	3
212/62 actually, lol. Good to know it's a metro-wide issue!	3
I didn’t know this was a thing, thanks!	3
the world is becoming very boring...	4
[NAME] looked so lost for 3 quarters. No pocket awareness. Terribly inaccurate. I hope this version of [NAME] is here to stay.	3
what a bizarre post omg	5
I’m convinced WB is more of a pain than it’s worth. Good luck making adjustments during the semester. I feel your pain.	3
I agree I think they hyped it up	3
Wow. I could have gone my entire life without witnessing this limpdicked haemorrhoid rank the severity of sexual assault based on who the victim is.	5
No, they couldn’t hav- They shouldn’t have. uh...this makes me feel sick 🤕	4
Now that's what I call projection!	3
sorry should clarify ... have dinner / drinks and then go our separate ways to other events that night.	4
Yes - sometimes I see amazingly detailed little faces. It's so weird.	3
You an Asperger?	5
Holy heckin heck	5
Where's my thank you for that flair, hm? This is theft.	3
As long as I have my plasma rifle and some combat armour, I think I can traverse the wastes without a ride just fine.	3
This seems like a very good write-up to me. I've been debating the issue a lot recently and haven't really come to a definite conclusion.	3
We all lose it too fast from time to time...but you have to make up for it. Hope it gets better.	3
Thanks for yelling it	3
I would but they don't make anything that fits my needs.	4
As it should be. No way I'd want my kid crossing 5 lanes of traffic to get to the bus everyday.	0
OH MY GOD!!!! The poor parents must have gone from gutted to PISSED in a matter of moments.	0
Thanks i hate it.	3
Cheers, [NAME]!	3
Well... this should get interesting.	3
I love Fish Stick	3
That's the spirit 🤣 for me it's more about strangers wanting to hug me. But you do you 😎	3
I love the fact that [NAME] kept the nose thing for so long he had a mark for the rest of the episode	3
Lmao imagine thinking rubbing a smelly oil on your face will make you grieve better	3
They were talking about what they should call the 'not Constantinople' release in the meeting- its a crime that nobody thought of this.	0
Loved it. Can't wait to see more.	3
Thanks mrs—mr [NAME]	3
Well I for one think small d**** are adorable	3
It’s my favorite Saturday movie, never gets boring	3
I am just attracted to mouthy Jersey girls, what can I say? I am a masochist.	3
Don't tease me with [NAME].	0
Shouldn’t really need to pay for this basic sexual experience man, it’s not very kinky	3
this strikes me hard. I wish i knew my way out of this	3
No they are not free and no they will not give u one for free. I tried.	5
Its natural to fear what is unknown. Especially when someone is trying to force you to open a sketchy box while probably grinning the whole time.	2
[NAME], [get_user_id] is a moron.	0
Me, for example. I am very very happy.	3
We have tradable assets next year and cap space the year after. We don’t need to implode to retool.	0
that this ridiculous comparison is this detailed and explicit makes me think the whole beating-a-little-girl-thing is part of his disgusting sexual fantasies.	1
starting 2019 of with a banger, can't wait what else will happen this year	3
"I was quoting him. He wanted an ""outsider rich business type"", piss off"	0
When religion and flags get entwined, bad things happen.	4
I like how she dabs on the way down.	3
Kinda reminds me of my Uncle, [NAME].	4
Thanks for the info	3
Lmao this article is almost a year old. Yawn.	3
"""AaaaaAAAaaaAAAhhh!"" I can imagine."	3
Like I said, I’m glad that’s working out for him but for most of the world being gainfully employed societal norms absolutely matter.	3
Safety Dance in Naxxramas, WOTLK. My favorite boss fight to date	3
Ditto!!	3
"You should check out [NAME] ""thank you God"" "	3
Sorry for the late question but I wanted to know if can you buy 2 tickets with one Madridista membership? Or is it one ticket per Madridista membership?	4
That is a great video	3
I love this! 🇦🇺	3
I love your username.	3
Thank you that’s very insightful.	3
I really love all the downvotes on this posts comments cus it goes to show ppl can’t have their own opinions on things.	3
They don't want equal rights. They want extra rights.	3
I just hope the Cavs don’t get the 1st pick fuck them	3
I like [NAME]’ “I’m tired of losing, I’m not a loser”	3
Lol aren’t you the guy that got banned from UKPol for being too left wing? I have to say guy that’s pretty impressive.	3
Cool story bro	3
Sounds like a really bad time. Just wait till you have a nice time and place to trip.	4
That is so sad, just goes to show we have a lot more to learn about the other beings we share this rock with : /	4
Brilliant post!	3
Thank you. I will look into the protein possibility.	3
I enjoy being a girl. (are shutdown memes still allowed? ...No matter. Couldn't find a decent one for this)	3
But would the flashing swastikas be unexpected, if you already predicted them?	5
Fuck that its not my money they're giving him. I want a goalie with a .970 sv% dangnabbit.	0
I so badly wish we could all gain this mindset and keep it. How easy would life be.	3
haha, she doesn't support me for whatever reason. lol you got problems bro. open your ears and shut your mouth	3
sorry you have to deal with things like that. i hope things are better where you are now	3
Until we win an actual SuperBowl trophy I want all the positive karma.	3
Username does not check out then... I think?	5
I really hope [NAME] gets a great helm. A crown would be cool but I want a properly armored sword and board knight.	3
ok thanks I'll give it a read and try to fact check	3
Yes, once I even deleted my account because I was so nervous about down votes. Lately,every once in a while I comment encouraging good attitude.	2
Shocked basement leaking got you freakin lady	5
I read the Wikipedia and I’m even more confused now.	5
What's the fucking point of this post? Is just baseless claims with no proof to back them up.	0
I've seen Shot Caller. That's what I've decided prison is... so yeah. Sorry boys.	4
Looks like he's tired of your dad-jokes. Lol	3
This video is funny but every time I watch it I get so mad at the guys filming and their belittling comments!	3
I am glad, and enjoy. It has some pretty cool theological discussions.	3
Congrats y'all!!!	3
I wish that laugh would jump off	3
Gotta protect’em!	3
I always say thank [NAME] we can’t comprehend it!!	3
Burn wait someone already did it sorry	4
I always thought filet mignon had bacon and garlic butter. Colour me surprised Deliberately ignoring anything to do with the minion	5
oh no, I didn’t mean one of my boyfriends haha, I meant one of his things. we’re not in an open relationship	3
Thank you!	3
Thanks man! You rule.	3
This is the kind of winning I love. Winning because [NAME] has 25 and [NAME] has 29	3
No-no-no-noooo Besides, [NAME] is not a bachelor. He is so in love with himself already	3
Well then I’d say you have a pretty good chance if it’s any girl lol	3
My mommas homemade mac and cheese almost makes me cry on how great it is	3
Wouldn’t have looked as cool.	0
Ah I love IDLES! Both their albums are absolutely amazing. [NAME], [NAME], and Well Done are some of my favs	3
my favorite moment in the history of the show is when he thrashed that woman.	3
are they clean, though? the chlorine keeps it clean, to my understanding.	5
And that's an issue. Councils are *so* unrepresentative it hurts.	4
They sound amazing :)	3
Since our newest addition to this holiday I've included a new, fun tradition where you hide a yellow toupee inside of the president's tree.	3
People working in hospitals are seriously under appreciated.	3
My second doc! I’m a student from Cleveland and would love any tips you guys have.	3
I find sativa makes me paranoid/anxious as hell. Indica calms me down more. Smoking too much of any strain makes me anxious by time though	2
I dont know how to send a PM on Sync/mobile, so I'll be asking here?	5
Funny how you're implying he'd even have a chance against [NAME]	3
I very happy with my character. I took my sweet ass time picking one that I liked.	3
“270 pound pink person” is a great alliteration.	3
I lost about 30 before anyone said anything. I think people probably noticed before then, though.	5
Ouch. Those geriatric insults are the most spot on, aren’t they? That and during my peds rotation.	5
It would be hilarious if it was a pasta place too	3
I get needing a good education but what is with people acting like spending the most per student is a badge of honor?	3
He's worth it I think. Dude brings it 110% every game	3
Let's keep making that trade with different teams until we have all 32 picks in the 6th round one year Sorry, I'll go back to my NHL19	4
Who should I keep? 1 keeper. .5 PPR ten teams [NAME] [NAME] [NAME] [NAME] [NAME]	5
I AM THE RED ONE THANK YOU	3
Gotta love January.	3
[NAME] didn't contribute anything! [NAME] or [NAME], please come back. At they least you do something on the court!	4
I know and I really genuinely wish there was something I could do or say to help you take this pain away and to help you feel better.	3
Yeah they are! I didn't realize that, it must be the case. Thanks!	3
It's really very upsetting to have parents who dismiss this condition.	4
THANK you. They don’t even know how they sound	3
I see Barca fans saying [NAME] is better and I can't help but laugh.	3
I was worried about that too honestly	2
AW YEAH HUGE WIN FOR FEMINISM AND WOMEN AMIRIGHT GUYS /s	3
So incredibly sweet!	3
God damn!! Awesome for [NAME]. [NAME] and [NAME] is such a great combo.	3
In the USA you won’t disappear for badmouthing the USA. That’s what I love about it.	3
Damn its like that tv show on Netflix called You. Stay safe and hope everything works out for you.	3
Haha love it!	3
I remember 2008-2010. Phones couldn't do that yet. Phones had 640x480 screens back then, and believe me, we were amazed by that.	3
Chronicles of Elyria seems interesting	3
Oh my [NAME] I completely didn’t realise. I’m so sorry	4
No, we should increase border security because we have an absurd number of people crossing illegally.	0
Please stop LOOKING, and go.	0
hit or miss would anybody care or miss huh..? aint nobody love me and ma dad also left me yuh...	4
Let’s beat these Lakers!	3
great reference my friend	3
lol that’s what I was gonna say.	3
I love [NAME] as much as the next [NAME], but seriously man. Whatchu doing son?	3
You fruitcart, you oughta be ashamed of knowing that, let alone expecting anyone else to know.	4
I dont believe shit until america confirms the transfer.	0
This post is about a strung out homeless traveler who abandoned his dog. Are you confused about things?	5
I’m just gonna see how tomorrow goes tbh. I’ll take life one day at a time :) thank you for the help ❤️	3
Your stupidity and your attempt to reframe the argument when the facts are laid out clearly is astounding LOL	3
Because our roster has gotten worse each year since 2017 and the team is spending less. That isn't a recipe for continued success	0
I know you can’t read this, but I feel really bad and hope you learn to read soon	4
Oh gosh that's no good! Perhaps the other options are better places to start	0
There is no enemy. Only knowledge that there is an invisible social hierarchy and we aint on it, let alone at the top.	5
I love this and you	3
*alligator point, thank you	3
Wow, that's so clever!	3
Nah no one can help me	4
I like Abram wayyyy more that Rapp. I hope we can snag Abram so we can use our first two picks to fill other holes.	3
Hahaha the first fall is the best ha	3
Wait for real? That's how they met? lol that's both terrifying and completely fitting considering how nuts they both are	2
Love both sports, but this is what annoys me about Boxing when compared to MMA. If this was the UFC this fight would have happened years ago	3
Seeing something like this without the usual “Wii music” is so... odd	4
That's amazing!	3
Same here. My refund almost doubled from last year. I almost cried when I saw how much I'm getting back.	3
your character's so broken!	0
Women wear makeup to threaten other women. It has nothing to do with men. Same w all their weird mutilations.	0
I still don't know what I want to be when I grow up.	5
I feel like I've seen a comment like this on another post	5
Beak makes no sense. Well beaks make no sense anyway but this one especially	0
Poor kid. He just wanted to rescue his mum from a nefarious organisation. I hope he gets decent representation.	3
I came here to laugh at memes. Not feel feels	0
Exactly. You make anything happen for the sake of your kids. Nothing should stand in your way.	3
Not practicing with the team, seems like a bad sign for playing today.	0
It feels to me like your Dean has some baggage and you shouldn't let it weigh you down.	3
your cat has the cutest face!	3
At last, someone I can share this accomplishment with!	3
R/T DIDN'T WANT IT!!!!	0
Well said. And I love your username. 👑	3
As Kings fans both my brother and I laughed out loud that it wasn't called. Looked sick though.	3
Yeah but it is what it is. Apparently I wasnt as clear as I could have been either.	5
The women-are-wonderful effect.	3
Guilty of doing this tbph	4
Thanks for the link! I've been looking too and there are like 200 in the area I called one and waiting to hear back.	3
You're right but ”just be confident” (I know that you didn't say it ) is really hard when you're unattractive	3
Curb your enthusiasm theme.	0
My soul twin must be [NAME] because I’m terrified of water!	2
NL West had 3 teams in the playoffs in 2017 and 2 in 2018......wtf you on about	0
I do. but some people love it	3
Exactly. And they parade around with their protruding stomachs as if they're [NAME] gift to the world. *barf*	3
I wish I could make a garden	3
[NAME] looks like [NAME] gorgeous	3
I'm confused. Is this post finished or is u done?	5
That might’ve been the worst pass he’s ever thrown. Yikes	1
Yawn. They’re toxic together and their only trait seemed to be getting naked together.	1
I wonder what the laws are if you bartered for a gun. I wash your car, you give me a glock.	3
They wont touch a hero if they tweaked it in last 6-12 months. Like [NAME], they fucked/nerfed her and thats it.	5
Just waiting to see which outlets decide to report it first.	5
I see, good one.	3
Bad defensive move by [NAME] there	4
They killed me [NAME]. They killed me with schlock	0
Pretty impressed that they have pork roll there tbh	3
Just a quick correction: if the next tax bracket is 10% than $10001 would be taxed $500.10	3
> In some, cops fire blanks in the hall to simulate an active shooter scenario. That's incredibly stupid, and serves no purpose.	0
Lol. 'have meat on my bones and I'm thick'. Just 'overweight' will do, Captain Redundant.	3
I meant mainsource [NAME]. the one that assists you on your journey. >! not the one that is evil as fuck!<	0
No but some random did afterwards. You’re welcome.	3
This is blatant racism and harassment of minors. These people need to be fired.	0
Or is that a 3:14? You’re in trouble pal.	5
I wish my husband was like you, especially on point number 6	3
Didn't realize they were shipping the challenge coins with Israeli FAL rifles, that makes this whole thing even weirder.	0
Is it bad that I don't want any of them?	5
Yo u r awesome op. Gold me :D	3
I'd love it, too. Might be that I've just gotten an idea for a post.	3
> make sure you register the claim against them and hit their credit score how does one do this?	0
Imma let you finish, but Cutthroat Kitchen is one of the best cooking shows of all time.	3
It should go well with kratom anyway. I need to just eliminate anxiety and not have cravings	2
Just be glad you’re not his wife	3
AMAZING!! I can’t wait for your talking head!	3
Nice work gang!	3
I was wondering what that was!	5
I don't think that lump is nearly as big as you think it will be	5
At least take a cloth and wipe off the dust. I've seen better condition stuff at the thrift store.	3
Busy night for you lol	3
Mad stinky.	1
I agree i think it's a problem with inner game even when i get the number she don't answer	3
My toes hurt watching this	4
I imagined this whole scene in my head with you played by a young [NAME]. Brilliant.	3
What will I have for dinner?	5
I like turtles	3
Thankyou!!!!!	3
Haha good theory but not the case. I'm completely aware of when I'm intoxicated or not.	3
That's just....sorry, but stupid is the only correct word.	4
"Do you mean a ""theocracy""?"	5
Absolutely not! If religions didn’t exist on this planet, we would be a far more advanced society.	0
Sorry was late at night and i was in a real depression fog	4
I'm excited for them, but I can understand why anyone wouldn't be. They both use the fighting styles of characters who are already in the game	3
I do this. Every. Single. Time.	3
I enjoyed that [NAME] kept saying [NAME] last name wrong over and over.	3
It tore off lol. The bracket isn’t installed on delivery.	3
I wish the double down would leave *me* out of this! My poor stomach. Once was enough.	3
Omg lol at least now you Will be more careful before throwing out words like that. I would die.	5
IT SEEMS THAT YOU ARE GOING TO APPROVE ME, I HOPE DO NOT PASS THE SAME AS WITH THE OTHER GIRL ... 😳	3
Haha so give it a try is what you are saying 😂😂	3
I'm disappointed that this isn't real...	4
Oh boy lol	3
I would prefer to not observe it all but federal law does not allow it.	0
Haha love it	3
Thank you for the explanation! 🦈	3
[NAME] is the greatest player to ever pick up a basketball	3
I feel your pain 😪 i got scammed $1400 in November. I felt like a dumbass for falling for it too.	4
I like them	3
Yeah tis marketing tweet from the melbourne AFLW team about their captain seems like marketing being pushed down my throat. You woke af.	0
Don’t do this. Unless you’re a total prick. Communicate like an adult, don’t play games like a child.	0
No, I generally feel like slugging them in the head repeatedly with an iron bar. Spitting is just petty. *Let your hatred flow!*	0
Bottom right is the cutest	3
She’s probably very traditional. Why haven’t you tried to kiss her yet?	3
That explains why the dude in the back reacts the way he does... thank you!	3
That was painful.	4
I love it! Guy in front can steer, can't propel. Guy in back can propel, but can't steer.	3
Good suggestion, he does a great job guarding [NAME] in their matchups	3
you too good sir	3
>he definitely doesn't value my pleasure this is very sad	4
An admirable effort	3
Yes I wish more people did this!	3
Guess we don't need to be afraid of hell, then, 'cause we can easily get out.	2
We created these beasts unfortunately. I don't feel right blaming the [NAME] for this one.	0
YOU SHUT YOUR MOUTH WHEN YOU’RE TALKIN’ TO ME!	0
The Magic are good at being frustrating.	3
Happy birthday!	3
She want to take it slow, I can see that... I deal with those girls all the time, they my favorite	3
And I thought we had 50, *five-pointed* stars on the flag?	5
Idk if you ask most store managers they will say they started as a cart pusher Probably bullshit but still.....	0
Are there a lot of people that defend [NAME]? I dunno I see it here and there but those people are considered idiots by most sane people.	5
Threaten to release....welp , nothing coming from this.	2
It’s pretty cringe	2
Pins are given out? My store hordes that shit like there’s a coming apocalypse and pins are the only thing that will save them.	1
Wow. You have literally no idea how American politics works. It's almost as if you're either a bot or a troll.	3
Thanks, I'll have a look and see what they offer	3
Get the fuck out	0
"If [NAME] had served all fast food buffet to a football team Reddit would be circlejerking ""So down to earth and amazing!!1"""	3
Also [NAME] raised money because so many of his subscribers are dumb enough to confuse an Indian company with the country of India.	0
Don't worry, he won't be for long	3
"""In valor, there is hope"""	3
Well poops. My friend and I want to wander and look for such things but we can't. Boo!	4
I can actually read it easily now. Good work	3
I just don’t like traversing through the snow, and how the salt stains some of my boots, and the mess it leaves at home.	0
even the safe queen (pearl) was amazing. i would have had pearl and ginger double win	3
It’s 2019 dude chill out with the gender roles Edit: it’s 2019 I’m tired sorry	4
To all of you who never had to take the SATs, consider yourselves lucky.	3
Lakers running an awful lineup and [NAME] was too dumb to change it after the timeout. Thibs levels of Stubbornness	1
Everyone is allowed to have their own opinions, let's try to not resort to name calling no matter how much we disagree	3
I hope one of those staffers manages to find the tax returns [NAME] has been looking for since 2016!	3
[NAME] made boobi beautiful	3
genji dmg buffs are eh but everything else except a nerf to zen are crazy	0
Why am I crying alone in my room rn	5
I wanna see a video proving it's fake though	3
Anarcho-capitalism is indeed a joke, yes	3
Who fucking cares. People have sex all the time. You're just an asshole for trying to to profit from it or ruin her.	0
I have no idea. That restaurant loves to put fried spaghettis everywhere.	5
Beautiful. Makes me wonder how the Persona 6 Velvet Room attendant will be like and how the dynamic with their siblings go...	3
So his aunt? I think I followed that.	3
And not all children's hospitals need the same stuff, so call and ask what they need. But I like your tip. You're correct.	3
Metallica recorded a congratulatory video for him, so effin cool:	3
You shut your stupid mouth troll. Thy absolutely matter	0
Just cut it all of, you won’t look bad	3
Not probable, I study in the best university in my country, I don't want to stop at all	3
Ugh foot rubs. I feel embarrassed thinking about how my nmom used to make me do this to her. Ugh ugh ugh	4
It's a troll. Look at the history.	3
Someone get fat boy [NAME] a happy meal.	3
Everyone loved the Snacks trade.	3
Makes me sad at how brain damage effects boxers so much	4
Probably scared they’re gonna get flashed by a camera.	2
Fucking Real Madrid	0
Mountain West/Southwest so far, but it would be awesome if he did a film set in the Idaho/Oregon mountain wilderness.	3
*What* exactly *are* we *italicizing* so *much* for?	5
They are loving this choice in maga canada of course. Just a typical day of bigotry.	3
I am hopeful that it will win the Oscar for best animated picture and renewed interest will lead to more 3D screenings.	3
Hell yea brother, Charlotsvile car attacker did nothing wrong Lets see how quick they scream hate speech	0
Serious question, where was this? That looks like my ex in the green top.	0
Thank u goalie [NAME]	3
What happened ?!	5
That, but I also really think that [NAME] is going to be a top QB. Especially, if he progresses during his time as back up.	3
OMG, crying laughing right now. Hubs and I both. What a visual!	3
I just came out of the restroom after crying from laughter watching that and my brother asked me if everything is okay	3
Hiya! 😃	3
How embarrassing.	4
Well I am happy you believe that.	3
Just curious...	5
This post is a waste of time and doesn't belong here.	0
You really don't allow children to come forward with bullying until they have video evidence? Lmfao	3
The double fist bump made me smile, her happiness was contagious	3
Glad we can take a win into Philly.	3
BNW is scarily accurate if you ask me.	3
Not the snowbank, though. That will end badly in spring.	0
I mean I dont think your wrong at all, but I would still be happy to fight you for funsies.	3
She refuses them by inhaling them [I'm sorry if that sounded bad plz no downvite]	4
I had someone do that to me on a delivery only order I was really upset it's another deceiving thing that we have to deal with on here	4
Scuba diving. I realized how truly precious and fragile nature is. I stopped eating seafood as well.	5
I don’t want my tax dollars going to some psycho who thinks he’s a girl trapped in a mans body	0
I regret that I understand that reference :(	4
All armed robbers, serial killers, rapists, swindlers all downplay the severity of their actions...	3
you still didn't answer the point....lol	3
No, but even if you did, you'll find nothing special.	3
Poor poor poor bastard	0
I just read this the other day for the first time since I was a kid. What an influential book.	3
BUT [RELIGION] MONKS DONT speak???	5
Which is weird because I can still get hours every week the day before if I wanted to.	0
Welcome to my world. fml	3
[NAME] forced [NAME] to give it up, leading to a steal, and then gets a steal himself on the next play. Love his tenacity.	3
This person is the smartest person to play town of salem literally 999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999991000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001234567898765432345676543345678987654345678909876543234567898765432345678909876543234567898765432345678987654323456787654345676543456543456434543434343434323456765434567654323454323456543345678987654323456789876565656565656565656565656565454545654565454323456765432345678765456 IQ	3
Ha ha. You can't define something into existence.	3
My fav frank songs are white Ferrari, super rich kids and bad religion, I know those are popular songs I just wanna get deeper into his music	3
Thanks friend, you have a good day! ([NAME] is fab btw just not quite [NAME] or [NAME] for me!)	3
You shot well. UVA's defense wasn't that bad that game in all honesty. People underestimate the amount of luck involved in basketball, bottom line.	3
Skiing is great but I haven’t been skiing yet this season rip	3
It is actually out on the steam store right now.	3
It still amazes how many people on this show and family by the ton can do perfect splits lol	3
Glucose guardian!!!! Salmonblue, you are doing amazing sweetie.	3
Alright, thanks. I appreciate you taking your time to explain that to me.	3
Am I out of touch? No, it's the [NAME] who are wrong!	0
well put yourself in his shoes though, it could make for a possible hostile working environment as well as be detrimental to his livelihood.	3
Cheers, I have some cheese left in the fridge that I can use here, thanks for the info.	3
It's a great side business. Great margins no returns	3
Thank you for your post. I will always treat him the same	3
Honestly, this would creep me out a bit.	1
He's been cheered for years now.	3
I would think: Thank [NAME] it's finally happening	3
Yeah Q was bad card I was just bloating the pot. I definitely feel this is one of the worst hands I’ve played.	4
History was written by the victors. Now we have history witten by the real truth agreed upon the everybody on the network	5
Nope, no deal far more likely to starve the country than U-boat blockade.	0
Don't tell me what to do. I'm not going to argue with someone who goes around calling everything bro science.	0
Yes, that might be a good thing	3
I honestly can't imagine [NAME] using any kind of profanity lol	3
Worst case scenario here is he dodged a psychopathic bullet.	1
Love how science doesn’t matter for human biology. What about climate change?	5
Well obviously not. Some people have higher tolerances than others. That’s a fact. I don’t know what else to tell you.	0
I friggin choked scrolling up to this	2
oooh yeah your comment makes sense now :)	5
One of his most underrated and nostalgic songs ever. This song has a special place in my heart.	3
do people actually dislike space cop or is that a meme?	5
There is so much I want to say. Keep [NAME] close. Don't judge others. Work in love. Take love there and bring love back.	3
I hope this is better than The Middle I mean it's [NAME] so it's going to be decent at worst.	1
yo STOP going on your roof on dxm man you don't want to fall and hurt yourself	3
Oh...this is the one time... Yes I can assure you none of those outlets print satire without labeling it as satire or opinion	3
I see. Thanks again.	3
Free market healthcare. Check out what countries like Denmark can achieve in healthcare through taxation. Must be communist propaganda.	3
[NAME] met and fell in love with her wines I see.	3
He looks like he has entered the ultimative stance of mind	3
Wait, so you uploaded a post in which you did something nice. That's a bit narcissistic.	3
I don't know what else to do. I have no transportation, personal phone, or money. And I live in a rural area.	5
I love this! Thanks for putting a smile on my face this morning.	3
Cool! My [NAME] was in the Maori Battalion, I always wonder if there’s any photos of him floating around out there.	5
i wish i could be an ex someone wanted to get back with.	3
"1.) Its not real socialism 2.) All government is socialism pick one ""socialists"" fire departments arent socialist "	0
Love [NAME] more.	3
My favorite [NAME] and she was awesome as [NAME]. I also loved her playing the opposite [NAME] to [NAME] in DS9.	3
I’ll bet the Phillies owner had a beer with [NAME] high school baseball coach.	3
Is he and his wife still together? I'm late on these things. 😭	5
Eh I kinda won't him less now. I like the chase	3
Agreed, my guy.	3
They're just misguided, useful idiots.	0
The school should make a list of sexual assaulters. The boys who engage in this should be shamed publicly.	4
Unexpected Funhaus?	5
Thanks. I didn't quite get it from the original. Appreciate the time.	3
Greasy bastards are getting part of what they deserve. Some fines just don’t seem to be enough sometimes	0
Truly. This is how family stays family. I admire this child so much.	3
I would be interested in some of this stuff. Would love to see if posted here	3
Boy I *sure hope* this isn't a weekly thread, how obnoxious, haha	3
You realize this is the university, right? Not the hospital. They're not the same entity.	5
Thanks for the resources!	3
I do this everyday... lol	3
The visual change is an underrated buff. The few times you could juke a legion as survivor were likely due to his blur that just got lessened.	0
Omg I love these kinds of dates. Who initiated ??	3
Eat the damn rich already!	0
Dream market is also down for me in the USA	0
Very true.	3
You look chunky	3
Oh wow. That sucks to hear about [NAME]. I guess not uncommon with a bad family life.	3
"Yes, after her long trip to the Swiss Alps or wherever she went to ""find herself"" lol"	3
Also dont have to worry about ramos and robles walking in runs to lose games	3
Thanks for the advice, but I think I'll stick around for a bit.	3
That's pretty subjective tbh. I loved [NAME] VA specially in the angry and intense scenes. [NAME] was pretty good too, but I prefer [NAME].	3
[NAME] had some pretty harsh words.	0
Sad face it is	4
For a long time he had no experience of going to the later rounds. Now that he has been there, he hopefully knows better than to be wasteful	3
Ugh, I have 2 cats as well and I wish for this every single day. I am, so far, constantly disappointed.	4
...holy crap.	5
I MEAN HE'S NOT WRONG	0
This team needs to tighten up in the third. Absolutely brutal.	1
You will love Happy People! Perfect to watch when you're snowed/iced in.	3
Turkey's situation is bad, but still nothing compared to Venezuela.	4
All the things you mentioned are basically aligned perfectly in 99% of cases.	3
[NAME] saved by the very compassion in society that he is trying to destroy.	1
So then what do I do? Should I tell priests? Will they kick me out?	5
No Greece is full of poverty, I understand the confusion though	5
I wasn't ready for the wholesomeness when I saw it.	0
They're wrong, it was due to their natural wetland habitats being degraded & drying out.	0
I love how much [NAME] winds up the tories and just shouts over them while they protest - great speaker	3
Thanks for finding out! That's cool	3
oh thats a good one ;)	3
Loved that shithole base! (not being sarcastic)	3
That's interesting. As an orthodox [NAME], I woulda either kept using the offending term or avoided the name altogether as you suggest.	5
Another episode of idiots with guns	0
"No, it was believed that the baby absorbed maternal traits because the mother was the ""soil"" the ""seed"" grew in. "	0
It continually amazes me how many people don't understand this.	5
She took the fucking kids, huh?	0
> Thank you president [NAME] for providing us with meme material that will last a week! I think you mean 5 more years.	3
Brain dead clearance. Honestly deserved lead. They have been better.	3
[NAME] giving us an iconic HUH! HUH! I'm acting moment LMAO.	3
I really don't like the way she says zombie. It sounds like she tryed to fill up space.	0
Do you not feel that there are numerous legitimate complaints about the CCP as well as quality of life in China?	5
Did you know the origin the first time? I don’t find it very funny in the absence of knowing that.	5
I um like your username	3
Oh, I haven't see you since my accident that I had when I fell- I fell into the pool of acid, eyes first.	5
"Who the fuck reads news *papers* anymore? Baby boomers. This kind of crap is totally written by a ""journalist"" in need of a safe place."	0
AYY! Anti-Semitism! Didn't expect that from AnCaps, but I'm not surprised.	4
That’s good to know- thank you!	3
This hurts to watch	4
Lol thats Why i lose my Games cuz i Play with bots like you. Do the World a favor and go back too minecraft Lol	4
After hearing weights drop - I can't imagine they're that good for the floor....	5
Stargazing with Vi is definitely my favorite moment of the season so far	3
First of all, that's not true in any sense of the terms. Second of all, I'm not a national socialist lmao	0
Thanks! I’m only traveling for a week So I will for sure have less than 30g.	3
Plus the idea of a choose your own adventure movie is absolutely exciting and brings more chances to go back through	3
Congratulations to your organization for having good management.	3
[RELIGION] is what produces these people, there are plenty of them and a beheading has even occured in the streets of LONDON.	4
Shame about him killing [NAME] on camera.	4
> I didn't know that. That's a perfect solution. Thank you!!	3
She must have a very boring life	4
You can't compare general economic losses to tax funded expenditures. It would only be fair if we lost 5 billion in tax revenue.	0
I wish this had sound so I could hear the crowd roaring in the background. This is so wholesome. Look how excited he gets.	3
Damn that sucks did you get a tip at least?	0
While I agree, that doesn't necessarily means we should take those 3 in the first 3 rounds. It really depends on the players available.	3
Yes it does	3
you have captured their ugliness perfectly . GREAT JOB	3
What should be the campaign is telling people that just because you find a child beautiful/pretty, it doesn't mean you're sexually attracted.	0
Assassins Creed Odyssey is awesome, as well as Shadow of War. Both great adventure games.	3
Wimbledon’s instagram posted about [NAME] and his relationship with the Open and I ended up crying. Not ready for him to hang it up	4
Cancel as soon as you can it’s far more enjoyable!!!!	3
That sounds like a lovely time :D	3
I feel fantastic	3
Good idea, thanks	3
The fucking worst game in the world.	0
I would love to find a like minded boyfriend but I given up on that already...	3
I got mine a few months ago and honestly apprehensive to wear it out to a game in fear of staining it.	2
Good luck my tw broskies :(	3
[NAME] a fucking creeper. Doesn't he have some weird ass relationship with that 14 year old girl from Stranger Things?	0
No he’s played his first season at center then finished as the starter at right tackle for every year after.	5
Why “cover the name” if you can literally see it right after lol	3
Well that sucks. The disconnect reconnect and keeping your bloodpoints I mean. The accidental vs purposeful disconnect seems fair.	0
You are nervous. Just focus on the other stuff my dude.	3
Cheers, I will do	3
I switched to Ally and love it. 2.2% interest is awesome	3
I love it when cats go all airplane ears	3
Sorry then?	4
"I like the ""filler"" episodes, believe it or not. I actually get bored by the battles "	3
Please just tell me [NAME] is in the top four	3
Awesome! You got this!	3
Cool have fun	3
"Links above suggest a ""polio-like"" outbreak occurred. Perhaps on this issue like many others she is a bit confused. "	5
People keep giving serious arguments but you keep replying “but mah happiness” Not worth it to lose time arguing with the likes of you	0
And when the 4th Quarter needed it most, it vanished!	5
These people seen so much in their lifetimes. So much wisdom in one pic	3
My favourite series are House Party and A Way Out. The Sonic comics episode is a golden too.	3
If you are as ugly as you say you are, you're already a statistical outlier.	1
What have I watched ?! My eyes!!! Mom!!!	5
Not my text lol? Im sorry dude your a weirdo and the downvotes have demonstrated that lol	3
Yeah those glimpses of the person I fell in love with too but unfortunately the glimpses are not enough which hurts :/	4
Oh man. GOOD one.	3
How disgusting. Those vile people can burn in hell!	1
im alright my dude, didn’t realize how dark this was i might take it down	5
I know she's literally only just been revealed, but I *love* the name [NAME]	3
Following ya for updates. I hope they catch them soon!	3
Great way to clarify! That's the whole point of talking about nebulous stuff like this.	3
Hey congrats man, you passed your limits, now keep on going Tekken only gets more fun the better you get	3
Pointless but fun	3
I wish this was on Betfair, I'd quite enjoy making some money from Remainers.	3
Okay but beware of top experts. You know what you need and what's right.	3
Now you’re reddit staking me? Don’t comment on my stuff dude.. gtfoh	0
Yea it's a tricky one, we need more buttons!!	3
What's worse is using self destruct without the pilot DLC. You just die :(	1
Bro he has always been a bully in the community. He is a pseudo scientist.	0
don’t doubt us, we really love [NAME]	3
"Yeah, I'm happy to help an actual friend in need, but not some distant acquaintance ""friend""."	3
Hi let’s not compare basketball to the man speaking out against a dictator and fearing for his life because of it thank you	3
Wow he is very gifted! I hope he continues to freeze more buffalos!	3
[NAME], I forgot about that. Eight seconds was more than long enough to murder everybody in sight.	5
I can see that. Ffs who the hell would expect a Dean to recognize 2 people out of 25,000 people lol.	3
Well you’ll have a lot more fun for these matchups. Can’t say much for the rest of the season	3
Wow. So I figure you two are both at least considerably older than me (24) and ...wow his response	5
> i dont want people to have bad lifes. Exactly, but apparently many people not only admit this but gloat about it.	0
Thank you :)	3
Such a disappointment	4
I miss him...	4
Appreciate the love! Maybe during the offseason, for sure! I'll pass it along	3
">""tanned"" Thank you BBC, very cool!"	3
Dogs are so dumb sometimes but always so good :) I love dem dumb ones	3
Good luck with that!	3
"I don't filter it out because I enjoy my daily cringe from the constant open letters. ""To the ____ who ____"""	3
[NAME] was their best player	3
I didnt realize belgium was behind on climate change.	5
[NAME] stated that Ethtrader polls will be used for important community decisions. So I can see people trying to buy influence through Donuts in these decisions.	3
[NAME] thank you. Someone with a rational mind.	3
The wolves have been bad for so long that I actually did completely give up watching basketball.	4
Absolutely true. Sit down to pee at home, the splashback is real. Especially if you're tall.	3
im here for blood only whether it comes via hostage situation or police chase. a peaceful ending doesnt do it for me anymore	0
"Thank you. I will try to learn fron these. So far i only have read ""models"" and some advices on net."	3
I bawled my eyes out, my best girl.	3
that's awesome!	3
Happy cake day !	3
Ahhh yes, the I can be making close to 6 figures job that no one will ever disclose. Highly doubt it bro.	5
That sucks. But you can find another SO. You can't unhave a kid.	4
That's because he played the end of the game when they were feeding [NAME] with no results.	3
Everyone makes the NREMT test sound like the devil. It really isn't that bad.	0
If only I could bake a cake...or do anything productive when I'm feeling low confidence. I just lay in my bed and stop moving.	3
General malaise is a favourite. I get a lot of general malaise.	3
As much as I would love this kind of support, I had beef with people over EVERYTHING	3
Feeling this so hard right now. Virtual hug.	3
It still seems dangerous	2
Maybe it's better to start telling the truth and start actually being a father.	5
Excuse you, rice is the best food. Rice is love, rice is life.	3
Tell her to stop being so fat, then. Edit: /s	0
[NAME] damn it	0
FUCKING DIN!!!	0
Sounds like how I brought in the new year. 3 arguments and counting.... thank [NAME] there is work tomorrow	3
This genuinely made me angry. He and his sociopath of a wife deserve each other.	0
Edited : Sorry meant to reply to a post	4
We all saw it, my American friend. Now go and fix your government.	0
I don’t know why but I watch that and just imagine how red barbecue [NAME] would get [NAME] belt out some of those notes	5
My thoughts exactly, now im laughing at the people responding to the headline	3
I'm working on it. But there is always the fear lurking around....	2
Bruh cake happy day	3
I mean, is that really a guilty pleasure? It sounds like the coolest thing I have ever heard.	3
He happily accepts the hugs. He hugs me now and again. He also has no problem accepting hugs from his mum.	3
this is a GANGSTER-ASS revelation!!!!. thanks mr. [NAME]!	3
That motto is awesome!	3
Generally, yes. That doesn’t make being attractive necessary criteria for being successful and it doesn’t detract from any of your positive qualities	3
Oh recently I’ve started working out and concentrating on myself. Has helped improved my mental strength as well as physical. I feel ready for anything.	3
My stress levels are really too high. Let Tuesday bring some good news...	3
Even a Ford dealer? Thanks for responding, I'll likely sell it privately.	3
Haha, small world, I live/work in the Twin Cities already! 😂	3
oh my [NAME]	5
At 45 I'm the youngest in my run of terraces by at least 15 years ago I can see how that would be disturbing.	5
Wow, I’m going to have to remember this one...	5
"The ""richest"" country in the worlds royal palace banquet hall filled with cheap mass produced junk food and they love it."	3
My favourite goes back to one of the first battles ever on YouTube:	3
You've been able to survive going in between tracks on multiple games in the franchise. I've always done it lol	3
Thx! Keep waiting for her to take over and say NERF THIS	3
That they wield to great effect to tell *you* why you’re crazy and how it’s totally not their fault	0
Is this a joke..?	5
Pensacola Florida 2018 not enough words to describe it. Simply amazing.	3
shut your deregulating lying mouth bill	0
That's a cute little theory	3
But what if that's the only job I would enjoy?	3
Wolf does have a pretty nice ass in ssbu	3
just awful I'm gonna throw a barbeque to get back at them	1
But did you see my friend sent me a picture of [NAME] trying to tell me he's having a baby	5
I was just thinking how normal his legs and feet look!	5
I hate when people down vote to hell when someone has a different (yet valid) opinion	0
Sad truth is you cant run away from who you are no matter how hard you try :(	4
[NAME] and [NAME] not being signed yet is getting on my nerves, am i alone in that?	5
To each their own. I enjoy it for what it is	3
There is irony in what you guys are saying.	0
The titles of her posts are somewhat dramatic and I have avoided her because of that	0
Kind of upsets me that people are so willing to just throw out some wild, baseless accusation like this for karma.	4
My parents are going to kill me when they find out.	2
thanks for the warning :)	3
You're a tenant if you lived there for months and that was an unlawful eviction.	0
Being alone isn't the problem. Being **forever** alone is the problem.	4
Yay, cold McDonald's. My favorite.	3
Yeah lets celebrate that only one guy (well maybe put dirk and [NAME] up with him) has come to play.	3
Excellent game tonight, let's get a new win streak going on this road trip!	3
Too late, you read it anyways. Ban me if you don't want to read more. Lmao!!	3
That’s [NAME]. One of the most famous and richest criminal defense attorneys in the world.	3
Luckily he is not.	3
Sorry, girl. You deserve better.	5
Outdoor cats have a lifespan of about 5 years so allowing them outside is basically a prolonged death sentence.	4
Good riddance. [NAME] needs to focus on a healthier mindset and lifestyle (not extreme veganism) and find some happiness.	3
I'm yet to see the 2nd protect the rest of the constitution.	3
Hopes we all get so sick of his messages we'll vote for him to outlaw them. Courageous strategy Mr [NAME]	3
I love Ashtray	3
Who cares, most people will be on their phone anyways.	0
I hope Dallas gets close and loses in heartbreak.	4
good guy kawhi	3
That's not fickle. That's insane and delusional. It's not some cute little quirk. It's a disconnect with reality.	0
The joke is that people still do this, so it is humorous that you are implying it's a thing of the past.	3
Tears of happiness rolls down the eyes	3
Wouldn't the bully be the Polygon employee?	5
It took me way too long to realize that was a claw and not just a smashy thing.	5
Police can amend docs, they can’t change them. Even if it’s a name	3
This is infuriating but what’s also infuriating is missing all of our chances and players being constantly in offsides positions	0
You think her being a [NAME] is the reason for the hatred? Really?	5
How do you know all this? It’s interesting and true and I’m curious how you know?	5
I just have never found that area very attractive. Also from what I understand there is a lot of contaminated burial sites around there.	0
That, plus they also store our info insecurely so it leaks out. Just another part of this dumb economics game I guess...	0
100% communication with an NT is awesome!	3
Looks like the next level of a horror character	2
I hate to say this but I love the drama around this all.... idk. My life is boring	0
his talk show is pretty great	3
What are you apologizing for? Vent bro, that’s why we are here	5
Reality: someone sees a pet outside and thinks it doesn't have a home, so they adopt it.	3
I love you tooooo!!	3
"""If you don't support no go zones, you are racist!"""	0
me as fuck	4
Makes me glad I'm almost 50, and all this is stuff I will never ever experience, and frankly can hardly fathom.	3
Great hand eye coordination and speed. Reads the plays in the D zone very well.	3
[NAME] and Resident Evil Biohazard, great afternoon.	3
At least there’s still more likes than dislikes	3
Let me calm you down a bit:	3
I love [NAME].	3
what a stupid opinion	0
Maybe hes changed i did when she left?	5
Here, you are among friends. I wish we all could meet you in real life and surround you with smiles and hugs. Are you in Utah?	3
[NAME] gotta fix his free throws this is ridiculous	0
I guess I’ll stay friends with her. Heck I’m a guy I can take a hit if she wouldn’t date	3
Her comments are disgusting. Reminds me of my mother. I'm so sorry.	1
The ending was awesome	3
Heels are fucking hot. Do you like the crop used on you, him, or both?	5
Obviously he has not adhered to his promises, however what I noticed is this is basically the same message that [NAME] had.	4
Long straight hair on the face is going to look quite odd I would guess.	1
Ah got it. Sounds like most CW shows (Smallville)..thanks for the heads up :)	3
I’d go at [NAME] every possession. He is so tired out there	3
Hooray! ...But I'll still never be able to afford a home.	4
Appreciate the reply, I'll look into these. Thank you!	3
[NAME] looked like he was having a heart attack the entire game... welcome to the madhouse lol	3
Did no one else notice your stroke?	5
Mrs.Frizzle has found herself on hard times.	4
MAD JOKE!	3
You were used as a weapon to inflict pain on your father. Glad you reconnected and found a good parent.	3
I’m glad you did	3
[NAME] said it best. Un-fuckin-believable bro	1
Gotta love jetpacking.	3
Before the ~~Empire~~ MousePire. ooo ooo Mouse Pyre ! lol	3
I think so. It’s one of my favorite [NAME] characters and a fun trilogy. At that price point I think it’s really worth it	3
Glad I could help!	3
It better not as I only bought the bloody thing last week! Sorry, guess i'm still in shock from the kettle dying.	4
Your welcome. Hope it all gets better.	3
> a new release is imminent. Hahahaha	3
Like I said, most loved and most hated for now. We'll all get over it eventually.	3
I'd love to hear a man explain why men do this	3
Sorry man, losing the championship after picking him up this year is a tough break	4
All good... I work alone. Thanks for the info!	3
Thank you !	3
Yeah she looks like a real [NAME]!	3
You really are this stupid aren’t you? Whatever buddy I don’t argue spastics.	0
Did they film Breaking Bad outside this home??	5
Grey socks and leather sandals, that hurts me through the screen.	4
You are so right. Reddit response of reading only the first few words. It's been a long damn week. My apologies.	4
You guys are so cute together! Good luck with the de-stressing!	3
"I can hear [NAME] now: ""Why don't I have a mic why don't I have a mic FUCK I need a mic"""	0
LOL how can anyone trust you when you pretend that you voted for [NAME] when your clearly racist against blacks. Your user name is strictly a lie.	3
Was there ever a PPV main event with [NAME] vs [NAME]?	5
Yeah Stupid Sexy groening	0
For as long as she’s been gone, I’m terrified to think why she was kept alive that long.	2
According to BluePundit you should delete that if you care about upvotes, lol.	3
Bishop [NAME] was talking about lawmakers rather than the women who seek abortions. Though the situation doesn't matter when it comes to dismembering a baby.	0
"Sports obsessions are basically religion to some people. And those same people make fun of the ""geeks"" at Comic Con... ERROR 404: Logic not found."	3
Just did that. He ignored me and didn't respond.	4
I did this a couple years back. Daily binged on Simpsons. So Good.	3
Eh I work oilfield so my sample of peoples opinions is probably pretty skewed. Still super embarrassing knowing this many people are so ignorant.	4
Style of play is overrated. We spent half of the season sticking to a style of play. We should play what gives wins.	3
Do you think the nude selfies story that came out a few weeks ago was about [NAME]? I do.	5
On the other hand, I'm pretty sure the Phoenix VA is actively trying to kill me lol.	3
I agree with you here but I don't see how he is a sexist?	5
Love me some Clash	3
Both consenting adults so nope not creepy	2
correct me if i’m wrong but when [NAME] eliminates [NAME], she technically has a better track record than [NAME]?? i’ll fucking cry	4
[NAME] is actually a terrible player	0
I want 10 - 0. This organization deserves the embarrassment.	4
Omg the hockey god’s actually helped us !?	5
[NAME] damn it I'm so tired of seeing Instagram between fights	0
We smart apes	3
Thank you. I’ve got till next week to find out then :)	3
No you don't, you love lies and liars.	0
I tried at a joke that relates to the post...	3
The arch is so cool. I love St Louis	3
Wish you could choose to just have two bottles of the Pinot Grigio.	3
I wonder how many tries it took to get the spacing right	5
Old Firm game also on the same day. Media won't care about the rugby.	0
[NAME] was the 4th best RB in the game, behind [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME]	3
Sorry to say it, but you will have to do that for now It sucks	4
Idk, I just need someone who cares but I always lose everyone and I’m sick of trying to be good enough.	4
Yes!!!!! THIS!!	3
Great job, now let's get two points.	3
We look like Hawks at this time. Good old days	5
was i replying to you, you fucking degenerate? off yourself ( in game ofc )	0
Did you look at the picture that spurred this entire conversation, genius?	3
Happy cake day!	3
Thanks, bud!	3
disappointing click of the day	4
"You're saying some surprisingly stupid things for someone named ""[NAME]."""	5
Then you realize it actually is the only way to feeling better, except having one or no friends make it tough.	5
I love HBK, but he never pulled these crazy spots off.	3
You’re right, my bad	3
You’re right. My biggest pet peeve is the lights, it washes out all the colors and textures, I hate that BGs use them	3
When that intro drops I get so into it and scare my cat	2
That is the end-all and be-all of the situation. if you feel upset or insecure you should definitely be creeped out as he's doing it.	3
If your dog is an arctic breed they will go crazy with joy and be sad that you don’t share in their happiness for the bitter cold.	3
Actually I love cooking and good burgers but if I don't love **you**, you'll have to pay me to make one.	3
Y'all ever try to ride a scooter with one hand before? Shit was dangerous.	5
Mom will get sad. [NAME] still good. Hanging out with friends still good. Money buying foodie exp is still good.	4
I love it when people have a background in STEM and the arts and manage to pursue both!	3
Watch the ignorance of a variety of topics manifest itself as word diarrhea just falling out of her dumb mouth.	0
Were minor children part of the divorce?	5
Thanks for cheering me up!?	3
oh got it😂😂😂😂	3
What I know is you seem perfectly comfortable being a hypocrite but utterly outraged at the idea of admitting to it.	0
Thanks for this!	3
Thanks <3	3
Lol! Great question	3
[NAME] always looks like he just got handed a test and he realized he studied all the wrong material.	5
For the night is dark and full of terrors!	2
"Can you update this 20th century ""meme""? I thought millenials were the ""entitled"" generation. "	5
Dont keep your mouth shut.	0
[NAME] damn what a comeback. I love this teams fight.	3
ahhh sorry its late and bourbon fuzz has set in. thanks for the fast reply !!!!	3
This is the technically correct answer, but it still sucks considering how much of society rides on women managing their menstrual cycles.	3
You wash your hands with hand sanitizer? 🤔	5
Is that proving Jewishness for Halakha or for the [RELIGION] Agency?	5
A fuckin men	1
I love the guy but can't see this working out well. That being said if he plays as the furthest forward of the midfield 3- who knows.	3
thank you so much please subscribe	3
And it tastes great because it was chilling in my refrigerator	3
Miami is supposed to have beautiful people, but these camera shots of the crowd sure as hell aren't showing them.	4
I think I had that thought years ago, but then I heard they were making a third trailer park boys movie, so I wanted to see that.	3
[NAME] is promised a valyrian steel sword by daenerys, which one will he get?	5
This is why I love baseball	3
Such a sad, angry person. Take a break from reddit and go take up cycling or something.	0
Thank you so much for your kind words, I didn’t think anyone would take the effort.	3
How cool is it?!?!	5
Thanks man. We had a taste of the storm Thursday. In South Central PA, we are all ready for the shit to fall.	3
🤣that is so cool	3
Phoenix and Orlando are teams I hear sniffing around [NAME] in free agency. Both make sense.	3
interesting, I'd like to see more about this (when available of course)	3
Terrible... children are innocent and precious. This is so barbaric.	0
Wow Donkey must be smaller than I remember	3
Thank you! It makes so much more sense	3
This is painfully fake	4
I dunno...it was used for a meme and it's very fun to look at	3
*and, sorry for the spelling mistake	4
Ahhh makes sense. They were being sarcastic but it went over my head haha. Thank you.	3
I'm sorry OP but this is all on you. Your parents played you like a $4000 fiddle.	4
They used the most terrible M form as well. Easily confused with an arc...	5
Seconded. 8 years and I never reached the final castle.	4
i cant i have asthma	0
[NAME]: I have a plan. Me: You’ve always got a damn plan ̶D̶u̶t̶c̶h̶ [NAME].	0
Do you have any hobbies? Potential hobbies that you're interested in?	5
Amazing. You will defend [NAME] no matter what huh?	3
[NAME] can stuff it, but I’ll take the disengagement from the Administration for what it is.	3
Probably. Government contracts are already terrible as they rarely pay on time	2
Does anyone have the quote in context (video or audio)? Based on the amount of Bigoteering going on the mainstream left-leaning press I'm sceptical.	5
I must be getting old. Much more likely to be horny at 2 pm.	4
I'm just trying to raise awareness at this point because I know it's not my system in particular.	3
Lol the guy in white who just leans back and looks away when he gets [NAME] ass in his face	3
Sorry to burst your bubble but [NAME] is more popular than [NAME]	4
He insisted on a monogamous break and I agreed.	3
Am I the only one who can't get the sound to work?	5
From what I remember, a lot of the leafs fans had [NAME] from 8.5-9.25. I can’t recall someone saying 10+	0
Jajaja (hahaha)	3
When there is 1 in 20 posts that is remotely serious and it gets 20 upvotes Vs 1200 of those that memes get...	0
Weird thing, but my cat will go HAM on my earhole if I let her.	0
[NAME] dammit I love wrestling	3
:) i like it	3
That is the first positive thing I’ve ever read about NJ transit.	3
No, princess, your body works the same way as everyone else's... You are not a mystery of physics.	3
Ehhh but as a survivor I hate noed and hex ruin why would I run them against someone else	0
Any man who won’t fight for his kids isn’t worth your time.	0
What an idiot.	0
The hair is super cool though	3
I will tell my NP he may have inspired pancakes in someone's future :)	3
This hit way too close to home. I’m suing for emotional damage.	4
Ah yes, taxes=Nazism. You [NAME] sure are a funny bunch.	3
Absolutely is, sorry. I just came by to say Howdy back until I saw all the hubbah. [NAME].	4
And a pretty bad [NAME] too.	0
I still rock my Casey Hampton pro bowl jersey!!	3
I was about to say the same lol.	3
Thank you sir, this has made me happy.	3
Thank you sir	3
This is really cute	3
I wanna hug my mom dead named me waking me up for school	3
Lol for the past 2 weeks I wondered if an unpopular opinions thread should go up and I was hesitant for the same reasons. Lol mind reader sis	3
Yes I was feeling bad that hes friends left him	4
Oof that hurt	4
No need for pity! It was a happy moment. Tears of joy not sadness	3
Also why we only get two Senators per state.	5
Can we ban posts about him now he's a predator? It just makes me sad now, Idk about anyone else	4
22 years to the day. It was uncanny.	5
I finally know where [NAME] is: drunk at a train station.	5
the fuck? I would do it in a heart beat. ya'll nuts if you think [NAME] will draft any better than [NAME]	0
Stop, your hurting me!	0
That’s on Canada. Sorry but I gotta give credit where credits due	4
I believe if under 6 months you'll get it all back in the end.	3
You can't control what happens around you. You can only control how you react to it.	3
Seriously! I'm on Xbox and all my crew and we have never had an issue!	0
But it literally had. Her name on it. Kids are so fucking stupid.	0
Very good! Now run along little boy. Shew! Fft!	3
Thanks. I though it was fooling a penquin.	3
Good luck going to jail.	0
Lmao. Thank God [NAME] lost and [NAME] crushed the souls of these lunatics in 2016	3
But was he wrong though?	5
Thank you so much! Having these few subs for the quality videos he's creating makes the channel a hidden gem.	3
She liked the picture too so it’s even better. Like she really does not give a shit hahaha	3
Wow, *only* 7 exes. You are definitely FA.	5
Cruelty free for animals anyway. 🤦	3
The truly sad thing is she's getting burned to legitimize Russiagate. It's a shame she wasn't a legit whistleblower.	4
"""While we've decided not to hire you for this postion mr. [NAME], we have an opening at the ticket window"""	4
What's up, man? I'm new to this but I will try my best	3
West Hartford, CT. Unfortunately it's not religious. Thank you for the response.	3
I eat crayons I shit crayons	1
I mainly play EDH. Did try standard at one point as well but lost interest	4
[NAME] is for real. This is gonna be his league in a few years imo. Great pick.	3
Eh, that can happen anywhere. It isn't exclusive to Dallas where that stuff happens. Good luck tho.	3
not having periods for sure	3
Ugh, I want to have his baby too...	3
I did not know Donuts could be so complicated.	5
A surprise to no one. Absolute stud.	3
Man, I can’t wait to buy cannabis from [NAME].	3
The more you wind me up the worse it gets for her later on	1
Sadly, it looks like there are a ton of [NAME] in this sub	4
What the hell. Poor [NAME]. Poor you. Wow.	5
I miss [NAME]	4
This is so aesthetically pleasing. Wow. And yum!	5
There has been a lot of talk about being so open about it was her problem more than actually doing it. I'd call that defending her actions.	5
Never let a fact get in the way of a bad argument apparently.	0
"""okay honey, either this is gonna fix my back problems or we're calling 911"""	3
i would not want to be they guy operating the reloader while 2000RPM of 30mm shells are firing	0
That first picture perfectly depicts the epitome of a punchable face.	3
Wrong. You tried to use a WW2 example and it backfired on you.	0
The Internet is a weird place.	1
Not trolling. Anger issues. I'm sorry for previous comments.	5
GIVE ME OTHER PEOPLES MONEY!!!!!	0
I think you responded to the wrong comment.	5
Watson is a great dog name! I think you just named my next dog!	3
Unfortunately for me you have to be 23 or older to drive for TMC	4
No stop. One Red and yellow team had to be sacrificed for the fortunes of the other. I’m sorry	4
Harsh, but true	3
> so I would never say that to someone *To* someone, or *about* someone?	5
I actually laughed my ass off so hard i had tears. Well done creator!!	3
[NAME] Wednesday’s 😎 Good to know he’s enjoying the retirement life.	3
Yep - did so for Jane the Virgin and Lost.	3
Sorry !! You’re real good at that!!	3
It was a nice one too! GO AHEAD [NAME], SLAP THAT HAM!	3
Soooooo Florida?	5
When I went on a first date I only took like 2 bite of my food. Felt pretty bad	4
Cus the left doesn't give a shit about people who fought for the USA!	3
Those other countries clearly exploited to shit? Dats cuz it's not mah [NAME]. -You with your big brain logic.	0
picked up a desk at a great price here. They have a good selection of furniture.	3
Don’t ever play poker! Lol	0
You know better. People will just ignore this and move on to their next talking point.	0
That’s gonna be a no from me, [NAME]!	0
Sure. We can back another vote if it's found out that remain was illegally funded by [NAME], constantly lied.	3
No! but they seem awesome!	3
I’m all for this, but is anyone staying in these hotels?	5
I don’t fucking care	0
Maybe we’ve been mishearing the word ‘starch’ as ‘staunch’	5
I want to date that guy (platonic date). He’s big and could give great hugs.	3
Yes, this! You are too young to wasting your time with this.	3
I live in a valley so it's effectively earlier than that for me.	3
What is it that you are posting twice all over the internet again?	5
Yea we’re actually pretty efficient on offense considering our personnel. Way better than I expected. The defense is just historically bad	4
Idk why you're surprised. [NAME] and [NAME] had identical philosophies. It's why the offense didn't change when he came back.	5
I'm sorry Mom, your child has autism, or this is a lie.	4
Same. Sometimes when people ask me the number to something I sing this to them and only get confused looks :(	5
That actually looks so fire	3
I have a moronphobia. I'm going to need to ask you to step away as I have an irrational fear and distaste of you.	2
Haven't listened to today's podcast yet, who did [NAME] kill?	5
Oh they can make numbers up too , good idea. Astroturfing starwars, this is the worst timeline.	3
I met her once and she ended up falling for me.	3
Wow random irrelevant internet person has the secret goods on [NAME]. Maybe we’ll finally get to the bottom of this birth certificate thing...	5
WHAT. It says due date 12/31/18. Did she have the kid yet? Oh [NAME] I feel so bad for her and that child...... nooooooo	4
And here I am, with no promotion after 3 years. Anyways, congrats for yours.	4
* Fuck [NAME] * Yes	0
No, of course, no one has ever had his best axedwarve decapitated in the first goblin fight.	0
Here’s hoping this ends soon lol	3
Right but even without the FPTA surely we could have found ourselves in the same situation from a legal perspective?	5
I wish that show would come back	3
Lol too funny	3
Can’t wait to try this out	3
I'll try to stay patient.	3
What do you mean strap around the bulls nuts?!,!? Sorry not into rodeo things	4
I was, and it's not. He's mad that someone posts articles he disagrees with. Pathetic and his fury is deranged	0
Facebook is currently under fire for allegedly inflating their user base statistics by up to 50%. I'm not surprised they are having issues tracking money.	5
I went to the exhibit in Chicago some years ago. It’s absolutely stunning	3
Hey- that's where I play tennis! No slapshots, pls.	0
I actually currently have a girlfriend and I love her. It's just that those past situations gave me trust issues for life I guess.	3
Coming from [NAME] even though it’s a hypothetical question it’s still gotta feel scary	2
Love it yeet	3
You’re looking at clocking out of work two hours after you should have been finished, lol.	3
"Maybe it needs to be ""Hall of Shame"" instead of a museum."	0
I'm curious, what words were used? I cannot for the life of me conjure up the Hindi sentence for this in my brain	5
Thanks very much. This is helpful	3
Lol religion is a crazy thing	3
well there is something you cant say on this sub consider this strike 1	0
That as absolutely insane.	0
Exactly hate when people try to spit facts when they don’t know if those facts are even right😂😂	0
I think it's even sadder to go through someone's Reddit account looking for stuff like this to post.	4
And [NAME] should go sell his wife's ketchup. He's good for nothing else besides selling out our country.	0
I don’t think anyone will miss me either aha	4
Their numbers seem large because they get so much publicity. But I suspect that even most young people find that ludicrous.	1
It's the worst when it's something you are passionate about	1
Yeah I mentioned this route and how we won because the other teams kept wasting chances.	3
Thank you.	3
The poor car.	4
why arent they all laying on the floor???	5
So happy for you, enjoy	3
That’s why I called them Turd Gen, haha. Getting a High Country/Denali with the 6.2 to replace it.	3
wow that's dark	3
My t levels are normal. Doctor thinks its my low carb diet but I dont buy that	0
Ur a dumbass	0
How to instantly look 20 years younger!	3
Sorry to be the bearer of bad news	4
oh, that's nice. welcome everyone!	3
Oh [NAME] how awful	1
Thanks [NAME], very cool.	3
I love PnR	3
I love polo shirts	3
Wow 😮 you really convinced me... like gtfo here	5
That does help a bit, thanks.	3
Damnit - I'm blind. It's 6am here - I should really go to sleep, but I want to see what happens next.	4
NCAA is a poor barometer for scoring. [NAME] was leading scorer in all NCAA for like 3 years running. Not even sure he got drafted.	4
I love how someone put a laughing emoji on that.	3
Ooh! Ooh! I want to lose more than 5-10 vanity pounds! (...wink wink)	3
Like always i will wait and see thanks for the post tho [NAME]	3
Don't see it at all, but she's cute with the freckles	3
It is not selfish to end a relationship that is causing you great stress and you feel is over despite loving them.	3
Same can be said for fragile liberals who can't handle cultural traditions and keep trying to push the envelope.	3
I can’t believe that’s real	5
B, I dont frink coffee anyways	0
Faceee, you see all those models, be it plus sized, underweight or fit, all have one thing in common , good facial features	3
Oi he got stabbed in the eye	4
Reason number 1523648856 PFF is trash no one should take seriously	0
I'm happy however those two don't get a ring. Would be overjoyed if it was at the hands of [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME].	3
Ever since I could squat, deadlift, and bench more than my father he never questioned my decision. haha	3
It's only 5 mins, but I hope this is the one. Sorry that happened to you friend.	4
But everybody got mad when Russia recognized [NAME] as US president. Go figure.	0
This is why I love Reddit.	3
I love the sense of humor on this sub. It gets me.	3
I’m so sorry. <3	4
Hot damn.	3
I mean he's still not wrong. A traitor did bring out the worst in him then.	3
She liked the bumper sticker so much she decided to get it for herself	3
So true it hurts.	4
I love snow! It means snow days!	3
this video made me feel like screaming	2
Honestly acid is fun with 4-6 friends and shrooms is fun with 1-3 friends	3
i didnt realize i was avoiding a question. i am afraid to talk to cops to be honest. even my own mother doesnt know what i saw	2
It looks like Livonia flipped light blue as well? That’s pretty impressive.	3
I’m in the same boat with anthropology. 8 months post graduation. Still no job prospects. Glad I’m not alone	3
My misunderstanding, I thought you were questioning why people thought we needed a change.	4
>It's always possible they will bring back an older villain that is behind [NAME] Ah yes. I can't wait for the [NAME] 3.0/Snoke 2.0	3
That makes sense, thanks	3
I laughed at this 4 years ago.	3
She was carrying all my burdens >:((	4
I was just about to comment this. Do people think throwing an lol at the end of everything will just make it fine and dandy. Ridiculous lol.	3
How dare u/Reijka92 disrespect [NAME] like that!	0
Who exactly are their ‘volunteers’? The IRA?	5
You bomb them and they come your way 'cause you're a real winner!/s	3
True but stranger things have happened.	3
I feel for you (at a title 1 middle school in lausd) I had a tough day today and reading this made me feel a little better ✊🏼	3
Never seen this. Thank you for sharing	3
This guy is a hack lmao	3
Yes, we no longer have the necessity to eat animal products. Thus the only difference is pleasure.	5
I think [NAME] has a pretty unconventional face, also [NAME]	3
I love when the subreddit shows [NAME] some love! We have so many people that keep an ear to the ground for quality [NAME] content.	3
I just want the last couple [NAME] nerfs rolled back, she's still good but not as fun.	3
$9?! Yeah you git ripped off, hope you kept the receipt pal r/sarcasm	3
Entire new coaching philosophy is needed. Enough wasted possessions, contested iso mid-range jumpers with 15 seconds left on the shot clock and terrible 3pt defense.	3
Why would there be? HOTS heroes always have been and always will be BLIZZARD heroes, not Activision	5
My bf uses profanity, and I don't care. There's no reason for misogyny though.	0
thank you, i dont get whats so hard to come to such an easy solution honestly	3
We're going to return to [NAME] and [NAME] being bffs again and talking shit about [NAME] or some other random shit.	0
Keep yourself occupied go play videogames or something that really occupies your attention	3
It is so good to hear from you. Stay safe!	3
Best! Episode! Ever! There is like a joke every 20 seconds.	3
Thank you for the correction. I'll make sure to be careful of that in the future.	3
I wouldn't volunteer a second honestly. That weather is not worth it, and neither are your coworkers.	0
Welp these were my happy tears of the days. :’)	3
Bold of you to assume just about everyone here wouldn't do this for you, you absolute gem	3
Thanks everybody!	3
Thank you!!	3
I always thought the swat was trash because I was looking at the MP TTK and only did I realise recently that MP guns and BO guns handle differently	5
Wow, I wasnt expecting that to be a real sub lol that's awesome	3
I meant to say provincial ban on smoking in it not law yet?	5
Haha, that's terrifying	3
Yep...and they regret it. I hope you stay together!	3
Listen to it while you're sad	3
That's false	0
I'm tired i'm wasted I LOVE YOU DARLING.	3
If I haven’t told you lately...I love you and you are my hero. ❤️❤️❤️	3
Oooh that's so sweet,she sounds like a good and caring mother. Does your dad know?	3
Love this - beautiful penmanship	3
Same, actually. Funny, just saw him in a local video doing the same bit.	3
LOL men don't have feelings ;)	3
my heart melted omg [NAME]	3
This game is actually worse than I was anticipating and I knew it was gonna be bad	1
If only someone would love the septuple-PhD in the galaxy for her mind.lol	3
It's showtime!!	3
Lol what are the odds, I’m also 6ft 1in around the 160s but I’m only 16 years old though	3
I’m so sorry you are going through this. Sounds like an awful experience.	4
[NAME] has an amazing track record. I think some people forget how innovative and unpredictable the [NAME] era offense was.	3
Finally, one win for the war on drugs!	3
Agreed, if you think about the animals it's sad. If you think about zerocarbers' blood profiles it gets amusing.	3
Hi, I just fix it, I just had to clear the cookies	3
This is the most adorable thing I've been made aware of. Possibly ever. You are being super sweet.	3
Thats fine as long as the creative director is still there.... Though the talent will be missed	3
Thanks for your recommendation! My guy loves board games and those sound like they'd scratch our itches.	3
Yep... I'd vote to oust these mavericks as well!	3
She could and should pursue modeling! It seemed like every time she was on screen, my sister and I were saying how effortlessly beautiful she is!!	3
Thanks man, likewise for you	3
You've been checking in on all us 3.8 billion females? That's impressive.	3
I’m *BEGGING* that they get it right by the time [NAME] shows up.	3
If you have bo toleramce you could feel it for a day	3
i want my nuggs mom!	3
I suppose. It was just weird how they went on a NASCAR tangent for like 3 minutes lol.	1
Ya got a good life... *ya got a good life...*	3
Wait, you have friends that love you? You're gonna be okay dude. I promise.	3
Nice try, bot!	3
Reddit culture is truly the worst.	1
After dating 2 of them, I can say I fully agree.	3
Sadly it happens randomly and I wouldn't want to lie to someone for money if the thoughts didn't appear.	4
A lawyer is not going to disclose anything to random users, you guys are delusional	0
Only thing TO know is that this motherfucker is obviously living his best birdy life and good for him. Fly high little buddy, fly high.	0
More like trash ass link. Wtf is “Apple Music”, probably some shitty limewire ripoff.	0
> Portland seems awesome from the outside, not so much once you're there. big fax here folks	3
I've heard of alligator boots, but I always thought that meant something else.	5
Ahhhh fond memories	3
Have to stay positive! I AM getting a new job I love in the field I want to work in!	3
Yes but iy also makes complete sense that morty woild want it gone too, so i hate how he instantly assumes it was rick	0
[NAME] is a cute woman, A Shyster, but cute.	3
Sounds painful man	4
"The sound ISN'T mixed terribly like in high school kids and a nice taxidermised bear in the USA, a beautiful day!""."	3
Is that the cobbler in the background of the family portrait? This is great.	3
Yeah, right. [NAME] can marry [NAME] for that matter, as it seems only his genius is keeping her on the throne.	3
As a kid, I was way more excited to see the [NAME] truck.	3
Right? I was kind of hoping [NAME] would get to take a crack at it.	3
You're right!	3
Sub... chill... I see what you did there...	3
It's not exactly hard to keep track.	0
This probably not a good file to keep on your phone if you are accessing this from within...	0
Middle guy doesn't look to fit to me. Looks like me, too many pounds.	0
Yes, I wouldn't have said it if it weren't true lol. It's owned by InBev which is a Belgian company.	3
my parents got engaged in the courtyard of [NAME] back in the 70s	3
I remember being three years old and feeling mortified and frustrated that my preschool teacher and classmates were freely dancing to ridiculous music.	4
No. We wouldn’t have enough room to play them all and each of them would add like 10-15 mill in luxury tax. EACH.	0
This sub is turning into r/childfree so fast. I actually love kids and want to adopt someday. I want to mod this sub smh	3
I was so scared, I thought the kid was going to backpedal into a street.	2
Hope she can do twice a week, that ought to be persuasive.	3
I would love if a double amputee walked in and have watched as they decline the poor fellar service	3
Apologies. My point still stands. A .8% lead is an insignificant majority at best. Saying one demograohic is most of the population is a bit misleading	4
Don't call this baby a jerk It just loves its humans too much	3
Thanks for sharing that info. I'll see how low I can go. Did you do a trade in?	3
I am confusion!	5
There has to be someone that loves you, you just may not see it right now.	3
The frankness of this comment made me giggle	3
A burned hand teaches best, after that advice about fire goes to the heart.	5
Yay let’s get nice and pissed	3
I would be more offended to be served cereal on a plate.	0
I'm going to Chicago in a few months. I hear Sbarro's is great for authentic Chicago style pizza.	3
Going from [NAME] to [NAME] on the PP is like going from tenderloin to convenience store hotdogs	0
Apart from the attempted basketball pass he's been great	3
I've never decided to have just one late night drunk egg	0
Thanks! You too!	3
Your girlfriend looks so Irish! You guys are cute as fuck.	3
Hey man, as a [NAME] living part time in South Africa, I really appreciate you making a beautiful version of our flag :)	3
I love this sub so much.	3
Wow, that's incredible. I love the 4 quadrants idea! But the name of the business is so misleading...	3
I'm sad we have you at home this year. I want to make a trip to see Allianz.	4
Eh, 3. I don't know why. I told him this but he's afraid his life is ruined.	5
If it’s a one hit kill like the regular crossbow, absolutely would be a fantastic crate weapon.	3
Turn off your phone, computer or even the internet. It is scary to do but just for now when the urges hits.	2
I like it	3
This guy fucking gets it.	0
Dude take the medicine. It helps.	3
Look what time it is. It's Fuck You, It's January!	5
This is awful.	1
Can confirm, girl asked my out on a second date and my comfort levels and confidence sky rocketed	3
Good to know, thanks for response	3
I wonder what was more painful, the stitches or the humiliation.	5
I'm convinced alcoholism is rife in Ireland because ourselves and friends are all shite craic sober. Apparently the Heineken fake beers are nice.	3
Why do the people there lose their jobs? Not doubting you, I just don't understand those rehab centers.	5
Maybe it’s a cultural thing? That’s the way we do it in (I assume from my experience) Canada.	5
BREAKING NEWS: The new girl had to shred/chip a 6lb entire chub of Kentucky Gold ham today. Poor girl's arm ached the rest of the day.	4
So you got a more expensive burger while following the rules?	5
[NAME] it’s ok the trumpet player can’t hurt you anymore	3
almost every single time i have a friend from out of state visit, they make a comment about how bumpy our roads are	0
get your ass to mars!	0
Ty. I confessed and they are being very nice to me. My kids are safe and me going to therapy is a plus now.	3
The lack of teabags is the only emergency here. You thwarted an attack on your child.	0
Looks fun up there	3
Thanks, came here for this	3
Congratulations! :)	3
Ah man great memories .. campaigns were soo memorable	3
Absolutely. That was an amazing set of games. Didn’t miss a beat	3
i love casual racism	3
Seeing as how someone was raping her, it doesn't surprise me that much that the facility would be so negligent that they wouldn't notice the pregnancy.	4
But if [NAME] wins... well, things might change.	3
I wish my nickname was [NAME]	3
Scotland aren’t the best team to compare against. On their day the could debatably beat NZ on a bad day they lose to America	4
Love hearing stories like this. [NAME] holy Priests are such a gift. We must always give thanks and pray for them.	3
thank you!!	3
"I think you missed a ""ba"""	4
How is recognizing a sovereign country as a country hate?	5
Go for it, it will be a new experience it may not go good but you'll learn someway	3
Sounds like some people could just be a bit confused and maybe not been to a drive thru before	5
i didn't know this could happen.	5
Glad to see [NAME] are finally admitting they are babies who are unable to take care of themselves.	3
That's incredible. There was 3000 last I checked just over 2 years ago.	3
You’re braver than me, thank you for your service O7	3
What will you gain from it	5
No but I will now. Thanks!	3
Wow you just disregarded his entire comment.	0
Yet, here we are, a whole sub full of people who seem interested in the stupid things incels say and do... 🤔 /s	0
Reddit hates women.	0
MTV loves Indiana	3
Not about my first name but I'm gonna change my last name.	3
Nope, try to keep up.	3
That’s another unfair accusation. I spent a lot of time trying to reach an understanding with you.	0
Her Twitter checks also clearly a fucking idiot.	0
Thank you for understanding. We don't want to be mean, but the rules must be enforced at all levels for all participants. Good luck with your endeavors!	3
How exciting.	3
Thank you. It happened suddenly. Near the end of the game.	3
So cool! Me and my sissy got the same but on our arms! On twitter!	3
I don't think this makes much sense for Sacramento.	0
I wonder what he's listening to...	5
What the fuckkkkk burn itt	0
Ah man this video has everything, drama, action, a tiddy poppin out	3
Excited for you guys to be there see you there [NAME]!	3
I live in Northern Ontario too, but damn that sounds rough. Where were you from?	5
Definitely my favorite reliever after Mo. loved his attitude and competitiveness.	3
Sorry, should've mentioned...	4
Why aren’t you using dark mode	5
No worries. Just giving you a hard time!	3
I considered becoming a teacher, but then I considered the little bastards would eat me alive.	0
Wow, after the past 2 seasons that seems like it was like 6 years ago.	3
Then the argument is entirely wrong. Democratic socialist are not communists. Conservatives aren't fascists.	0
The best part about this is that everyone was trolled from Fox to the Mary Shitbag	3
I'm so sorry	4
LOL to your family	3
I’ll take one [NAME] please	3
Fortnite is not a good game anymore smh my head	0
I hope he’s a hit for the contract he got. Looking forward to seeing him.	3
1.0mg is a high dose. My husband is an insomniac and can't take that dose without nightmares.	3
Is everybody forgetting that bills need to be signed by the president to become law, or get 2/3rds support in both chambers if not?	5
Ehhh I don’t know, I still find it kind of cringey with the “[NAME]” talk and all that stuff.	4
You deserve this	3
Had a stroke reading these.	5
Citation found, dumbass.	0
Welcome to The World of... Mobile MMOs. Where power can be yours, for a price.	3
I like [NAME] but she fucking sucks right now for the all star game haha.	3
>She was very normal LMAO This got me	3
At least the ice didnt break	3
As fun as that sounds, please just call the police.	3
How the hell do you get downvoted for a submission statement on /r/TrueReddit. Title or not it is still required.	0
I got the feeling too. It's possible, or the ground is just rough.	3
...to win the popular vote, which she easily did.	3
I used to work nights at a 24-hour Walmart, “interesting” is a damn tame word for it.	3
DAMN!!!	0
Anti-Vaxer mom: This isn’t supposed to happen, they weren’t supposed to live this long.	0
RNG gear is a solid no from me.	0
The capitalist countries have welfare for those that can cope. The other countries dont.	0
Good ol best available dasher	3
So you stay on your theft from auto waiting for them to dispatch the next shift to the backlog of calls.	0
Hopefully they won't try to blame the trucker.	3
And a hell of a lot better receivers. [NAME], [NAME], prime [NAME], [NAME].	0
Freakin cheers man, that looks delicious right now!	3
Might as well try though! Have a good day bro!	3
Oh, sweet. It's the gaming guy who hasn't uploaded any gaming videos yet! /s (I like him and am just poking fun)	3
[NAME] is the best character in cinematic history	3
Wait. Is this a parenting book with a typo? Because this seems to be a great approach to use with a toddler.	3
Ha that’s amazing you may know my little brother he graduated around that time name is [NAME]	3
Wow. No words. America, the land of opportunity!!!!!	3
Great advice here. Good sleep doesn’t “just happen” with kids. It’s our job as parents to guide them.	3
Thank you, that's very good to know!	3
Yeah, he's 8-1 in his last 9 games played. Pretty great if you ask me.	3
My 4 month old just got her second round of shots, so yeah, we feel you. Hope you're able to get a good rest!!	3
Yeah but shortly after got disinterested so i broke it to her lol	3
This grammar is horrible. Discovering something is a fixed single point in history which should have been simple past “was” instead of “had been.”	2
Well, I could already do that. But glad to have BCH as a pathway	3
"Can we change the ""haha"" one to when he was laughing about giving that scarecrow to [NAME] "	3
> So basically, if you're responsible with guns, you have nothing to worry about. I'm worried about *other people* not being responsible with guns.	2
If you think it's a real emergency don't waste too much time and try to call the police	3
ah Yuk!	1
Lemon cookies are the best	3
Have you actually found the last honest orthodontist out there?	5
So cute!!!!!!!!!!	3
Love the Cafe Zoetrope, such a charming place. Beautiful building too.	3
I wish that I could do this and have someone genuinely care, and have it not be a therapist cause I can't afford it.	3
I visited NYC 2 summers ago and I have the same exact feeling as you do. Glad you liked the city just as much as I did!	3
I'm saying put up or shut up. If you can't back up your point with evidence, your opinion is worthless.	0
That’s not munchausen. She has a diagnosed illness that’s a terrible, terrible one to suffer from. This is a pretty shitty reply.	2
I rly like trench coats Not not in that combination tho	3
Yeah, it’d be weird to have two green arrows running around.	1
You're a hero.	3
I guess the caveat is that is a world championship offyear where not all players are available due to playoffs	5
So. Much. Reality.Can’t. Take. Anymore. Reality. Not. Scripted.One.Bit. 🙃	0
I will check him out thank you :)	3
That’s one pissed off [NAME]	0
Read this while pooping. Laughed WAY too hard! Thank you for that.	3
I enjoy vintage cooking porn. A young [NAME] trussing a round roast, for example.	3
when my egg cracked I went through like every teen girl phase in the space of 2 months lol	3
The BrokenMachine has one of these videos but I'm definitely going to watch yours. Thank you for taking the time to do this.	3
That’s what makes this scene so timeless. every one of us simultaneously relates to both the nerd and to homer.	3
I watched that worm fish sauce thing. So gross, disgusting, bleh, NO,NO, and HELL NO!!	1
Doing nothing is the most tiring thing there is.	0
Be careful of ticks tho	3
So so good	3
you got me [NAME]	4
I did it. Lol.	3
Ok you're right, I amend my statement to give one to anyone who wants one and can meet certain qualifications. Just like getting a business permit.	3
No, no, Amazon! Ripping is painful! ‍♀️ Be *gentle* to your abby wabbies. *Gentle*. *pats you* ❤❤☺	0
A year is way too short. You won’t know the impact of Brexit till 2030 really.	0
I would agree, but at the same time if it pisses off [NAME] supporters enough to keep them home in 2020, I'm all for it.	3
Fuck you I was in the bed:/	0
Magic are a good team. They battle every game	3
But it does? Admittedly it does take a couple days and a few friendly reminders	5
> It’d make porn ~~awkward~~ awesome FTFY	4
because energy drinks are the most fucked up you can get while still being sober	0
Thanks for the insight. I guess I’m coming off a bit ignorant and maybe naive.	3
Is that a little poot at :09?	5
I’m sorry. It was nothing to be angry about	4
Thanks for laugh, I needed that.	3
She was sorry too, after I found out and ripped her a new one. LOL	3
Thanks bro means a lot	3
I'm with you!!!!!!	3
How is anyone so stupid to not vaccinate their child?	0
We need our damn OL coach...he was amazing this year.	3
Yeh your right a bitter parra fan, have fun with norms him a bell end will get on fine	3
And also, turning someone's hands into spaghetti is cruel and inhumane and not a reasonable punishment for theft.	0
It’s a really depressing show. Kinda like Mad Men.	4
Maybe people just don’t like it?	5
If you bake em you're gonna have a bad time	0
>Would I pull my gun if that were happening to me? >absolutely	3
This is so true cause I always think “are they just using me for sex?”	4
I don’t understand how college tuition has gone up 8 billion percent but Taco Bell still has a dollar menu...	5
Lmao good luck tryna convince anyone you’re not just a brain washed redpiller tryna start shit just for validation :/	0
Sounds like my kind of place.	3
I've had 1, 2, and 4 said to me. I'm completely done at this point.	3
And I'm sure grandmas in SC love the stereotype of the violent black man.	3
This guy has the charisma and sex appeal of overcooked noodles.	3
Dear [NAME], please help [NAME] be less disgusting. Amen.	1
Wish they'd update Trapper's and Wraith's. They're so boring.	4
Taking a blood thinner such as aspirin would keep it from clotting	3
She's fine but she's no [NAME].	3
I'm going to pretend this question was asked in all honesty, and upvote. Besides the answer below is great.	3
Cute. I hope it makes you feel empowered.	3
They've done this before. Look the Order of the White Feather up, it was worse.	4
Because idiots in this sub care too much about what other people have on their screen? It only tells me that too many people on here are narcissists.	0
Sorry, but [NAME] doesn’t even compare to [NAME].	4
Happy cake day	3
Lol ok. So saying a garbage clip doesn't belong at the top of a gaming subreddit makes me a [NAME].	3
[NAME] was not childfree. He just honored his wife's (who is childfree) desires because he loved her.	3
How early is everyone leaving tomorrow?	5
"My dad makes that joke ""I have to fight anorexia"", his BMI is 31..."	3
I killed them for the first time in my most recent playthrough and regretted it. The replacement council sucks just as hard.	4
> This isn't where I parked my car Seriously I can't find my car.	0
That sounds so terrible. I'm very sorry.	4
I'm French so I didn't know her, it's so cool that you have transgender politicians! I can't see it happen here.	5
Okay, this helps clarifies things more for me. Thank you!	3
Yes. Especially if I go to sneeze and I lose it, I just look up to a light and bam. Sneeze time!	3
People are gonna end up hating Deus Ex because of this, and that's just a travesty	0
Don't do #4 it's bullshit	0
I’m not sure what to make of any of this but stay strong, friend. You’ll get through this eventually!	3
nice ideas! looking good.	3
One of the 10 most expensive buildings ever constructed in the world - is that acceptable to you?	5
Wish I could vote this up 1,000!	3
Fuck your shitty ass title	0
It's become extraordinary, quite.	3
Because ridiculously attractive people also have self esteem issues and depression Guess what honey The world sucks for everyone There’s no escape We will all die in misery and alone	4
I love this man.	3
Oh I see. Thanks for letting me know. I fixed it now. The real link is HERE	3
Always go for someone you like and feel connected to.	3
Best picture of this I’ve seen so far!	3
I'm not confident in [NAME] but he may be the best option...	5
Sent. And I'll check with the mods. Thanks.	3
She is renowned for her versatility.	3
I hope marvel brings [NAME] on for star lords new love interest	3
I'm not conflating anything, I'm describing my experience. I'm curious, where are you from? I'm in the rural south.	5
Thank you xo	3
Most important!!! ALWAYS AIM THE HEAD! [NAME] arrows are pretty fat woodsticks, so keep aiming on the head on long distance. Thats it	3
Yea we need more good news to give other people hope, enough hope to give them a helpfull push to pursue what they really want.	3
Thank you. I'll definately be sure to pick up that book sometime.	3
Possible sad tyre	4
Happy cake day! :)	3
Lots, play store or apple store vpn. Nord is good	3
I actually choose to teach an extra class so I can avoid lunch duty. I hate it.	0
I used to think that too, before I got over Trump Derangement Syndrome and took the red pill.	5
thanks for the correction.	3
These aren’t /u/ These are just their nicknames. They’ll know who they are when they read it and that’s what matters.	0
[NAME] in Richardson gets my love.	3
I don't think you can afford a lawyer. If fact, I would not be surprised to learn you don't actually have anything on QCX.	0
felt that so hard too	4
> a GURPS game, inspired by anime and taking place in space yikes.jpg > I got pumped hahaha ok	3
*Rosa..Rosa..Rooosaa, Yeah! Beautiful Rosaa*	3
Damn this guy just had a bad day!	4
That’s ridiculous. I’ll read it, thanks.	3
That’s exactly me! Remembers all important conversations. Also me: what did I do yesterday?!	5
I know your not serious because your not looking whole corpus Here’s unique ones only found within [RELIGION] tradition	5
"You should see the absurd number of ""gays for [NAME]"" we have in my country, it's astounding"	3
I appreciate the honesty	3
did not know she speaks fluent Ukrainian.	5
I'm three months old and I love Queen and Metallica, not the crap my generstion listens too.	3
Some people just don't understand humor. Imagine living your life like that!	3
No, treating it like it’s obligatory just means it’s a standard I have. People are allowed to have standards.	3
I love it, I understand they can't just get rid of [NAME] for her, but I would be so angry watching [NAME] boss her around.	3
You are correct.	3
About as serious as my plans to marry a porn star and retire to the Bahamas.	3
What a trainwreck	5
I prefer the term window licker. The pub community loves the taste of windex.	3
A one-line whip is still whipping against, although it is a pretty disappointing decision.	4
I told their kid that it was okay to be upset. (He was anxious and I was validating his feelings.)	2
"""PETA approved"" I'm out. I hate PETA even more than I hate mlms"	0
I hope you everyone is serious about not being a bulls fan anymore. Get out of here if this is what ends your fandom.	3
Really? I only remember the one in the movie (which did kinda weird me out)	5
Then please post the story here. I don’t go to links I don’t know. 😐	5
To be fair he did apologize for that one after he learned what Pride was really about but I still wouldn’t recommend going near his Twitter anymore	0
Oh yeah. I love stepping out of the tub and putting my wet foot on COLD TILE. More like thanks I love this	3
Demeaning women is the same as mocking the clown president? Cool.	5
I hope so. Either [NAME] or [NAME] deserve it the most	3
Her promo's alone would be a great addition to the promotion.	3
So i'm intrigued how the fusion would be	5
I was already having doubts with how Olicity-heavy it suddenly became	5
Well he was horrible the first few months. Now he's playing better. Not sure what you are trying to accomplish with this post	5
Great subterfuge guys	3
I’m sorry Mr. [NAME]	4
Never understood the hype with the Beatles. All of their songs to me sound like unfinished demo tracks	0
LMFAO us going up 2-0 and losing the game name a more iconic duo I dare you	3
Your old enough to call the police. Don't let him put hands on you again.	3
That was a long read but it was worth it, good on you lot for sorting it out and winning the case	3
No lol it's just the sub's flair. Also I was joking about good as gold, that's a song of [NAME] lol	3
I've read the series through 4 times. There is literally zero reason to believe that.	4
But funny, and that absolves the sin!	3
So edgy.	2
Puppies in 95% of cases. Sorry but some dogs are ugly no matter how old they are.	1
Central Business District. Its where main shops are located normally in very close vicinity.	3
Thanks for calling me an idiot... was definitely necessary.	3
Thank [NAME] there wasn't a psychologist among the testers	3
Nutter is a great word for it. I haven't even gotten into her claim that she is psychic yet. That's a story for another day.	5
I think only Germany would have this kind of organization skills. Source: Know 2 Germans. Am therefore expert.	3
Hahaha. One of those rare moments when a reddit title makes me laugh out loud.	3
Wow so glad [NAME] is getting it done quicker. Better for later in tourney	3
Definitely the second to be frank. I just wanna get the best deal I can on a car I’m pretty in love with.	3
"And lo, for he took to Facebook and quoth righteousness, and the people were joyful, and gave unto him many ""likes."""	3
uh... you explore. Iv def been curious and just spent a bit jamming my fingers in there feeling it all	5
doesn’t mean you could assume you committed a crime	0
> I feel like we don't see those kinds of statements everyday. Just curious how many highly anticipated games DO restart development and DO NOT tell their customers	5
You are a delight upon this earth	3
Dude my brother just paid $300 for an ounce, can’t wait for legalisation	3
Fuck that. Anyone who makes a career out of spreading bullshit to morons is worthless trash.	0
He's eating cheese and watching football in the sky now. Rest in peace!	4
We don't deserves horses	0
Whoa, thanks for the in depth answer!	3
Do you have any original thoughts? ...or any at all? 18 days; going on 100! Happy New Year!!	5
It seems like good advice.	3
Good [NAME] we look horrible	1
Hahahahahahaha give me a piece of that kit Kat bar	3
Whhhattttt. That’s crazy!!!	3
Testing it out in creative it feels like the hunting rifle got a huge buff this patch, cant wait to bring out one of my favorite weapons	3
But milk is beta food! Who wants that girly ass shit from a boob? My child will drink bone broth and the tears of broken women!!	0
And now I regret not applying when they opened one in my town even more now. Good times.	4
If nothing was said and you can be engaged all day tomorrow then I wouldn’t worry.	2
Only until security finds it stuffed with coke.	5
Some wonderful pictures here, it's always cool to see what things actually looked like rather than just paintings/depictions in movies.	3
Not gonna happen, pure delusion I *aggressively* call this ridiculous bluff	0
[NAME], I hope your plot armor is strong enough to save [NAME] from a ship crash.	3
[NAME] [NAME] is like the 72hrs from console of course we like him wtf<3	3
Agree. Not a perfect coach but pretty, pretty good	3
I always wondered why that never happened with the “muscles from Brussels” in any of his movies.	5
Thank you for this very informative answer. I don't play the game but you really explained well why they put this system in place.	3
I am too but thank you for having it and I will try to think more about the points you raised.	3
He's alright, Avatar, The Happening and After Earth were genuinely terrible films.	3
I’m not crying. Nope, no tears over here!	0
Stop lying to me	0
im glad to hear that i won't just be carted off! and thanks, it's great to know that you guys have my back :)	3
The Button was amazingly fun. By far my favourite reddit memory.	3
What’s the chemical make up of a word? Yea thought so genius lmfaoooooo.	3
Suck my good behaviour!	0
And..the reality of it hurts	4
lovely! the real grass and metal roses compliment each other.	3
Keeping the stomach warm also helps. Holding the baby with their stomach against yours helps them fall asleep. But it doesn't work all the time unfortunately.	3
Yeah level 3 armor was so overwhelming and felt like you had no chance against it unless the player was really bad or you had more concussion grenades	3
Omg why does this sound like [NAME]?	5
I am so sorry. My kids are the only thing keeping me going. The loneliness is agony.	4
Nice try, officer.	3
It definitely doesn't work if you give up.	0
No, it's not. If they grow in the wrong way then they can become extremely painful and cause discomfort. People usually like chewing freely	0
I am already using ublock. Thank you for suggesting ghostery, didn't know it.	3
Yeah it seems more like a joke than someone Bible thumping	3
Of course! Happy cake day 🎂🎉	3
Thank you so much for this advice :) i'm just really worried about going through the process again	3
Thank you for helping me realize that p&r bloopers is exactly what i need right now	3
Isn't the swastika backwards? I just love how fucking stupid racists are Can't even draw their own shit right	3
Insurance covers stupid.	0
Maybe you should try watching it before commenting on it, otherwise your just posting from a position of ignorance.	0
The guilt of sin represses all	4
Yeah I'm a moderator there. I'll let you post anything there because I'm a nice mod.	3
No way, man. We're gonna keep on rockin' forever. Forever. Forever. Forever...	3
oh my gooooood	5
I have a feeling you're one of those far rightist trump supporters trying to use [NAME]. Your uncaring, almost sociopathic idealogies make me sick.	4
I was streaming on my laptop so I could watch the glorious win. Sadly hunting has been tough so far. Damn those Bison.	4
Ambien you are my new favortist person ever!	3
Yeah, it's disgusting & I'm so disturbed by everything going on. Never ever would I have believed this is where people were headed.	1
Rejection always hurts, even just a little. Sparing her feelings may mean she doesn't get the meaning. Be direct, kind, but direct.	4
Good. Stay the fuck away.	0
And whatever car he buys MUST have a strong Air Conditioning system. This is an absolute MUST here.	3
What's that thing you have pointed at your head, selloboy? Gun, forest, gun!	5
Fecking THANK YOU. -- One Foot on Each Side of The Pond	3
I love /r/LazyMan	3
Is it actually happening?	5
I miss [NAME]	4
Oh really? I didn’t know someone else posted it haha Edit: just looked and someone posted it right after me	5
Is that really a thing?	5
Hockey players are more brave than the US Marines. Have you seen how tough they are they are so tough	3
I can't believe he told that story. I'm sure the minister that released the water is now so totally regretting not asking for a bj!	5
Or it's awesome! It looks so nice out with the sunshine and all the new snow.	3
I'm glad you're feeling better! Keep smiling :)	3
But when you do, just remember that trick so you don’t have to take your break or get an RI.	3
I don’t know how to write odds for an event as certain as that.	5
Imagine the jockey explaining that to his boss and then cranking the legs to raise it while everyone looks on :)	3
Stranger things have happened.	5
Thank you. English is not my first langage.	3
There is a surprisingly large number of [NAME] who play.	5
She gets genuinely emotional sometimes too. I love it. So refreshing	3
Dragopolis was a less fun version of the free dinosaur game on Chrome when your internet goes out	0
You. I like you.	3
It’s so weird, I think it’s like excited/stressed?	5
No, you won the 23rd.	0
Oh hey that's pretty cool!	3
That has literally never happened.	0
That's got nothing to do with anything that's happened in this thread	0
this is just brother and sister but with extra steps	3
I'd say we should dump him somewhere at sea but the oceans are already pretty polluted... :(	4
Your right i will talk to him tonight	3
Man [NAME] played really fucking well I hope this game especially after [NAME] last game establishes him as the starter.	3
A little too nutty for me thx.	3
How did I miss that?	5
Same! Protect yourself as much as you can. I also clean the phone and the case :D	3
I'm not even surecwhat it is why do people hate it?	5
could be, I have a distant aunt that's like 6 foot (we're kashmiri-punjabi).	3
I enjoyed speaking to [NAME]	3
I brought my love a cherrrryyyyy....	3
You couldn't even figure those out? Wow. Speechless.	3
I’m sorry, I’m my opinion it isn’t sweet.	0
Oh I never knew you could do that	5
Heh I love this.	3
the pharma part killed me	3
I don't know you, but I am so proud of you. Hugs.	3
Omg she's gorgeous!	3
Its not better then PoE.....by a longshot.	0
Honestly why even make it about her, I was fascinated by his dedication!	3
Goosebumps had the same take on those too. Those books used to scare the shit out of me	2
That’s part of why I hate porn so much - other than the exploitation of women	1
This is a huge stretch, but I would enjoy seeing some tweets from her hubby about it...	3
She’s still living rent free inside your head if you’re looking her up Edit: thanks for the gold kind redditor tehehehehehehe 🤪🤩🤠	3
Intentionally frightening the Queen is an indictable offence. (Max 14 years) Criminal Code	2
Me too! So pumped! Enjoy the game, bud!	3
Thank you Burger King! Source	3
:-) Lunch with the wife on a weekday is such a special treat, even when one is under the weather.	3
"I'm more concerned that the kid's name is ""[NAME]""."	3
Uhh...weird flex but ok?	0
Might do that, thank you!	3
Maybe yes, maybe not. But in the end she still is an adult that choose to have sexual intercourse with a minor, regardless of the gender.	5
This time next year, this game will be praised. The current installation will be ridiculed in its place. Its been this way for years	3
I only meant it in kindness, I’ve loved this country so far. You’re all so damned friendly here	3
i agree to kill all children	3
It looks like someone screwed up.	4
Thanks for the info, I was thinking the same.	3
love you too.	3
You’re a melon my dude, that is not how it works at all, you have been brainwashed.	3
Gnarly ballsack is the technical term, I believe. Sadly, it's just a face beard.	4
No it hasn't.	0
Damn furries. We don't have animal ears!	0
Wow! You are close to me in age. I would never do that.	5
No joke. Physics or chemistry I can see but comp 101? I’m surprised he has the ability to find the internet	5
What's wrong with that? [NAME] scandal is funny but not something to focus on in 2020.	3
Well then outlive your enemy, get pass your old self that is the enemy and you can outlive the enemy	3
TY for the encouragement! ❤️	3
Lol posting It on my story? Ya I was expecting alot of hate from my post XD my friends know me tho lol	3
>zucchini Literally LOL! I'm trying not to wake my sleeping husband, but I can't stop laughing!	3
SKYRIM!! Hahaha	3
Shh don't spoil it for us	0
[NAME] shot that shot with confidence i like that	3
That’s about what ours is, but our rush hour traffic is horrible.	0
[NAME] speed RL 😂😂😂	3
Never underestimate the stupidity of people	0
Sometimes you gotta hate living to love life ya feel?	3
Well that's good. Now, where am I?	3
What did he get help with?	5
Same here! I was addicted to her and beaus stories during their trip to Europe right before filming this season. They are the best!	3
What a fucking cunt	0
2 is less user friendly but it can be fun. As long as you turn chat off. And hate yourself already.	3
Sweaty irritates me. But Its not exactly drag lingo. I've seen it on so many other subs too.	0
For art? I think it's kind of silly, but it's also fun. Let people live :P	3
Well that was disheartening.	4
That 2nd goal was all [NAME]. What a move, and against the best team in the league!	3
Omg yes. Could you imagine? Pepperoni rolls, peach schnapps in a mason jar and beer cheese at dinner parties. Love it	3
No clue I’m doing some digging if you find it before me please comment	5
I’m worried about [NAME] too	2
Surely it's *a* factor. It's just not sufficient. [NAME] had a good life before he went jihadi.	3
Reality is often disappointing -TPUSA, probably	4
Thanks. That's a handy resource. My question remains unanswered.	3
I’m curious as to how many people they’re going to interview for the OC job. Maybe 2-3?	5
What a hilarious joke... Comedy has basically become bashing.	3
[NAME], thank you, for being a friend.	3
I was more interested in seeing if anyone had quotes from him saying one way or another	5
Gotta love guarantee. You should come over to amtrak, at most crew bases it only takes two years to hold a job.	3
I hope you can get some relief soon, I can’t imagine how awful that must feel	3
They also have the best lemon bars!	3
I’m still waiting for two of mine as well. This gives me hope that it’s still on its way.. :)	3
No... There are many ways to prove you are [NAME]. I've heard of people that proved they are [NAME] by showing that their mother speaks Yidish.	0
In America this guy would have been shot before he entered the door	5
Did you say that the person getting the exact day did not mean anything because you had heard from someone else it was that day?	5
I'd be pissed off if I was a [NAME] who voted to remain in the UK & then got shafted by brexit..	0
If they're not spending this year on [NAME] or [NAME], I have no faith for them to spend on big free agents in the near future	4
I kind of want this win for [NAME] but I still hope we lose out hereafter	3
Exciting finish here.	3
It is. I mean official translation is coming every 7 days, but leaks go day before (Korean)	5
Stunning considering you have the exact same opinion.	5
I guess this is place where we are thankful for Microsoft complexity.	3
I think you have a terrible opinion. Now that we agree on something though this could be the start of a beautiful friendship!	3
Who could have thought that anti-semitism would have taken hold in feminism? Why would anyone think that animosity toward an entire group of people is welcome there?	5
And then expanded on! It's so good. Haha I still remember hours and hours spent on Friends of Mineral Town though...	3
Great album! 👊	3
president [NAME], what should we do? shut. down. everything!	5
We had fantastic spacing that possession. Clearing all the defenders to the left side of the court so that [NAME] had a completely open lane to the basket.	3
Sounds pretty optimistic... I'll believe it when I see it!	3
Officer [NAME] is the penultimate FA character. Apart from the fact he's attractive of course AAAAAAAAAAAAH	3
I’m sorry. But, keep your respectability politics to yourself	4
Being compared to [NAME] is a compliment because he’s funnier than I’ll ever be soooo	3
The stressors of the hotel industry are much the same as a restaurant. It doesn't appeal to me	5
Aw it’s the same user who was scared of breast feeding lmao	3
[NAME] damn you're toxic asf	1
Stranger things have happened, but still, good luck.	3
I watch it because I enjoy it	3
I actually really liked that you added in your personal interests. I like Korean boy bands too.	3
oh my [NAME] easily one of the worst sounds aaahhhhhh	5
I really hope you're joking	3
That feeling when you hire a really horny electrical engineer to make a comic...	3
I like Chick-Fil-A but I don't go because of their political stances against gay/trans people.	0
I am also interested in this link!	3
Not sensitive, just scared that a sub I enjoy will become divided and will have in-fighting.	3
My condolences.	4
I'm curious about this film but honestly I don't think I can stomach listening to or looking at this a-hole for more than a couple of minutes.	5
I'm in the opposite boat. Just make the nausea stop pls thx.	3
Considering most people voted for their candidate purely out of hate for the other candidate does that even matter?	5
I wish this was animated.	3
It’s never been good lol	3
Thank you for ruining the [NAME] joke.	3
I wish. Chalk it up to a brain fart	3
And go where? That McDonalds 😂	5
Had to have my knee drained after a meniscus injury. It remains the most pain I've ever felt. Hopefully hers wasn't that bad	3
Holy fuck youre pathetic. I hope you have insurance. Therapy is expensive I hear	3
I had that thought as well.	3
What? They all look entirely different. Yes, they are all handsome, masculine men, but that's it.	5
Thank you for your inspiration	3
This seems like an excessive amount of work that I don't think (maybe I just don't know any better?) adds any value.	0
Yeah usually there are the c-1 but this go around this is what was handed. I like them	3
Which is odd, he was terrible on Sunday	2
But that jumper looks hella cosy	3
Man, I could go for some veal soon.	5
Can you freak bitchhhhh	0
It's a situationally dependent call. Yes, I would call *it* again if I had another chance.	3
Fucking happy this jerk is still well and alive.	3
No they can't. Rent increases has to be given notice at least 30 days prior	0
Thank [NAME] this was said, I feel 100% the same way.	3
Nah, life is too short to drive boring car colors.	0
Of course not. Why admit their circle jerk was wrong? They'll only learn the lesson after the lawsuit ends.	0
Lol I need details!?	3
I mean, DC metro area has ***three times*** Pittsburgh's population, so. Again, relatively, Pittsburgh's is worse.	0
Japan edging out Canada? WTF? There's some bullshit going on there, man. And what rocketed Switzerland from obscurity to the top of the mountain in 2017?	5
Well they called and said there was a pricing discrepancy and they could not honor it. 😭 sad day.	4
As much as I like [NAME], losing [NAME] still has to hurt. He’s just so damn lovable	3
[NAME], give us the opera album we deserve	3
I ... I like you	3
Thank you so so so much. Best of luck to you. We deserve the kind of live we give others.	3
Ok good points but you didn't address the issues faced by [NAME]. So you agree with me that losing as [NAME] shouldn't result in lost elo?	5
Happy birthday! Drinking one for you tonight. When you get up tomorrow you can take the first step to making sure next years birthday will be better!	3
Guys it's a dril tweet, false alarm	0
Excellent as always	3
you'd have a point if the only use of a car was to kill people.	0
No, I was very interested in the game until this news broke. Now I’m a little disappointed. But at least I can opt-out.	4
Dude... are you okay?	3
This is how Dayz is meant to be, very nice story!	3
Worse. They told us to mind our own business	0
Didn’t know if you knew, so I was just trying to give context to your statement. Sorry.	4
I know, right? Our genocidal hatred should be targeted towards [NAME], where it belongs!	5
It's a really bad attempt to get attention and make people mad, that everyone in this thread has decided to indulge.	0
Oh a cat !	5
You might have better luck	3
Everyone calling you out but not if you’re right	5
This is damn sick. Has almost a vapor wave feel lol.	3
This is nasty NSFW	1
aha American Sniper, movie genuinely moved me.	3
I stan ❤️🧡💛💚💙💜	3
What's so special with 144hz?	5
That is so relatable! I used to be amazing at hearing whether a parent was coming upstairs.	3
For real. After I saw that, I just stopped reading. My eyes spun right out of my head.	4
The wonderful thing about ttigers, is ttigers are wonderful things!	3
It's not a shaving cream ad, it's razor blade ad, you dunce!	0
I guess. Thanks.	3
he dribbles softly and loosely I dont understand why nobody has fixed it.	5
Damn, you're good a parkour. That was a pretty giant leap to be made.	3
Fair, yes, [NAME] is against that, so a good transition on your part.	3
Best of luck	3
Alright thanks ill try, (but thats like dark souls on ng 100 XD)	3
They've actually gotten a bit worse :D Started with just a dry cough, now it's pain swallowing, stuffed nose, but the cough is now better	4
Just rephrased it into two sentences for you. It's a great story!	3
Everyone seems to forget how much he sucked as a quarterback, there’s a reason he was un drafted	0
Ah ok well I have completed my bachelors degree so I’ll look into subbing as well.	3
As an [NAME] I just want you to know that I appreciate you.	3
Nah, black bears are big scaredy cats Now brown ones on the other hand...	2
Thanks for the help but just went for the delete all option somehow still kept my ranks so idk what the fuck that all was evennabout	3
Your logo was amazing, your sushi was not.	3
Hahaha this is great! What episode/season is this?	3
It did put me off at first but after you get better with a weapon it becomes far less of an issue.	5
Oh, THAT. Yes I agree actually, I found that part rather malicious.	3
How he dropped that sheep, probably going to hell but i almost choked laughing.	3
The A.I. conundrum. What will the robot drivers choose?	5
I am the same way. I feel your pain! Therapy and meds are helping me!	3
You forgot our dear friends from Paris	4
[NAME] that is frightening...	2
Funny thing is he kind of said just that jokingly in the [NAME] interview yesterday	3
Lol. Go astroturf r/politics. We aint buying her leftist bs here	3
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **3rd Cakeday** somenbjorn! ^(hug)	5
Shitty cars made of plastic	0
No, that isn't possible. Discord hosts the call, which means any attempt at using wireshark would just show Discord's information, not yours.	0
Another great bit on identity politics...	3
Was just thinking that. Great tunes	3
I love [NAME], he’s literally the craziest couch in the nba lol! He could win couch of the year or be fired next week!	3
You're right! I linked the wrong one. Thank	3
It was a pretty shit joke that deserves it	0
Ah well hopefully they learn from this. You can never be overprepared for a live show.	3
There is nothing more disgusting than those who put children in danger unless it is the people who allow them to do more harm.	1
Living is exhausting.	4
I lovee mazzy star sm, Flowers in December is my favorite song rn	3
The title is a lie. I dislike what the APA is doing as much as anyone else, but how bout we dont sensationalize it.	0
How comes when Chinese companies help build infrastructure in Germany it's a terrible risk to their sovereignty yet this is fine	5
Same cinematographer, [NAME]. He's incredible	3
Thank you for such kind words.	3
Ok, for the low price of $27.97 I will help you out.	3
I think its absolutely wonderful : )	3
Thanks for actually reading and responding to the question...;) I’ll check those out	3
Aye but happy cake day mate.	3
That sounds great!	3
Thanks for the response.	3
thanks, i didn”t think of it that way but i guess it”s true	3
Why? He was always brilliant. It was such a shame he lost out to [NAME]. Things would have been very different today...	4
The real villains are those aware of the cruelty of life, but then reproduce anyway.	1
Ahhh [NAME] its in my eye.	2
That’s petty debateable, there’s disagreement in the ranks but not enough to change their names or policies.	3
That’s great of you :)	3
You may be harder on yourself than necessary. Keep praying and confessing your sins. No one is perfect	3
no way I have never heard of that! wow!	5
I agree with [NAME]. I'd read the mention of intimacy as just bait for rinsing.	3
I like your enthusiasm and yes it would be hilarious.	3
Character and emotions are not the reigning champion one year earlier...	0
The man in the picture is a legend since he is the only non toxic and not annoying mic person	3
I wanna see this line up... not cause I think we’ll win with them but i just want to see it. [NAME] [NAME] [NAME]	3
Love live [NAME]	3
i had all of those. checked myself with a GP and found out i had low iron, migraines and needed to visit the therapist re my anxiety.	2
"""It's your outfit, dude."""	3
Love it. Be well [NAME]	3
Also the least satisfying answer but probably true haha	3
I'm not looking forward to mine. Need to just do them though. I spent a lot last year on medical bills so hoping the deduction helps.	3
I was wrong about that one part. I've edited my comment to reflect my mistake. Thanks for posting the relevant bit of the bill.	3
You can't control if you're nervous or not, but just know that you will absolutely be judged for it. Consciously or subconsciously.	3
Unfortunately no one usually fights for their rights without a martyr	4
Bears are empathetic creatures? lol...	3
the sky, living a happy and amazing life in the clouds.	3
I still hate Catcher Eggman!	0
Don’t worry! I was never convicted of anything!	3
Completely correct. But he Might have lost control, blown a tire, etc., or maybe just panicked human error.	2
“Thrive has changed not just your life but mine as well.” 🙄 yeah, definitely a child’s sentence structure	3
😅 I wrote that to indicate tears of relief and happiness but what I was actually doing was laughing like a lunatic knowing that I wasn’t alone.	3
Aww so sweet. One of mind fights to lay under mine while it’s in my lap. She loves the heat from it 😂	3
I feel bad for house slaves, even if it's in their understandable self-interest.	4
You have no right to be there waiting to be nudged.	0
tyvm for this advice actually, i was totally bamboozled on this topic	3
She’s lovely! Cheers to your lives together	3
That's good to know, then. You can eliminate that possibility from your mind. But gosh. I'm so sorry you went through all that...	3
Our best hope is that [NAME] intends to outlast [NAME] and serve under President [NAME].	3
No, he doesn’t. But, the people who elect our officials do. I am appalled and embarrassed that she’s a [NAME].	4
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **7th Cakeday** Korrk! ^(hug)	3
I knew there is always an Orochi, even in a [NAME] vs [NAME] duel. Hiding, waiting...	3
Thank god. I thought he double jumped.	3
I'm not sure honestly. I think there's a fanmade audiobook but I've heard it's pretty bad. Sorry.	5
Thank you for your service.	3
Unfortunately I don't know how to read hangul. I'm still in the very early stages of planning so still lots of things to look at!	0
I did that in origins but now that theres mercenaries and its sooo annoying to deal with them so i stay as quiet as i can until im caught.	0
Thats too funny	3
NO I HAVE NOT EVER FIRED MY GUN IN THE AIR AND GONE AAAAGGHHH!	0
Oh, man. The whole story telling methodology was well done, and well paced.	3
I mean. Wtf is there to do online. GTAO had a shit economy but at least had things to do	0
Work like always, but grind that ironman on osrs in the meantime	3
I like him a lot but I assume he would be a prime piece in any trade for a LD.	3
Was that an inglorious basterds quote in there ?	5
Isn't it awesome. And then they get praised for their problem solving skills and dedication.	3
Can you believe that? I mean that, THAT is what I call posing. Missed a that	5
Be honest with her... or put her on a pedestal just high enough to see up her dress... ;)	3
And their cats. IT loves kittens.	3
Well being in the playoff picture for a couple months was fun. What does the draft look like this year?	5
What if I don't fully have feelings for her and just really like her cuteness	5
I think, call before you come and limit it to an hour is reasonable if you have relatives that need to be told that.	3
That woman on the left with red shirt and blue jeans looks really calm	3
[NAME] help us, if that's what she's saying about Catholicism 101 stuff, I shudder to think what other terrible information she's putting out	0
You're a freak, you dirty dog you.	0
Yes i hope things go well for them	3
Only 5 more years to go. Can’t wait!	5
bargaining chip for what? The 25% tariff increase is not big enough of a bargaining chip? lol	3
Well, I’ll be here when you fail!	3
Good idea. With the power of those two consoles combined we might be able to get the fps up into double digits	3
Wow thanks I gotta try this!	3
Also, they ruined Top Gear but that’s a whole other issue.	0
and I love him for that	3
Girl then DM me if you visit! It’s a great place to live. I moved from NY.	3
Lmao I feel you.	3
>Add in reduced physician compensation and the number of doctors will go down, Where is this info?	5
Oh she'll most probably die in that route for sure. I just hope she doesn't get a lame death, that's all	3
no your are disrespectful at least i pay my respects	0
Very very accurate.	3
Right on. Thanks!	3
Amen, block all immigration.	0
I'm curious - are you under the age of 30?	5
Oh come on! Stop posting this stuff. FFS will you think of my blood pressure!? You’re killing me (figuratively speaking).	0
I like hearing about these positive encounters.	3
Love seeing the guys have fun.	3
Omg. This is the real gem in this post. Thank you sir	3
I'll take that on board! I'm a mostly patient person. At least I hope so, lol. Thanks for the advice (:	3
Yeah, I just visited there and it seems more disordered than this sub... Strange	3
I’m an NA boy and Rival/Dig were my two favorite orgs. Glad to see at least one of them is returning.	3
Funny, the right only seems to say this about women and people of color 🤔🤔🤔	3
i communicate through morse code by constantly crouching and standing up. I generally prefer explaining how my oponent can improve when i beat them badly	3
Oh god, going to a social event with someone and never leaving their side is me at almost every social event I go to.	4
I'd give you a shovel so you could dig your head out of the sand, but I have a feeling you'd refuse.	0
With those pieces I’d be surprised 😒	5
Honest question, what happens to Red if they don't make the league ? They're in America and surely that can't be cheap	5
I don’t believe it is part of my credential program. I am going through the IMPACT Program of San Joaquin County Dep of Ed.	0
I think I can agree with you here, I kinda forgot about the military.	3
I’m sorry you were down voted. I am asking for real honesty, so thank you for telling yours.	3
Well, I'd love to see an MLS side defeat Liverpool like Red Star did in this years Champions League.	3
Yuuuuuuuuuup. It's horrible.	2
Because it's the one right that we hope to never need, at least in the sense of revolt or self defense.	3
It’s a pretty good guess for most college students in the south in my experience.	3
Photo critique? It's quite blurry. But the colours is great, as is the angle.	3
Umm that’s me. Thanks I am youngish in these hollowed halls. Mid 40’s	3
Here's a great essay by [NAME] regarding the Skripal farce that I've just run across:	3
I've come to the conclusion that TMoR's Snoo needs to be more orange.	3
Oh, apologies. Silly me didn’t think to check the sub first.	4
I’m going to say it. Those films are mostly over rated. Boring same old tame CGI stuff every time.	0
Yep first to go crying to the government but happy to bully single mums on the benefit	3
It's not much, but it's honest work.	3
Marijuana dispensary ask for thc ditalite cartridges and they might have different brands but all of them are good	3
Your LPT is to save money by not buying cords but instead stealing them from work?	5
I will pay to watch a garbage commercial if [NAME] in it, I don’t even care. He’s way too fine.	3
OMG, I thought the same	5
If I died I've always wondered who will be at my funeral. I imagine only my mom. Maybe one of these days I'll find out.	4
I would also like to know the answer to this. Thanks for posting!	3
Thanks, do hv a therapist. He doesn't think I am violnt. I want the thoughts to stop.	3
“I am so sorry! That was not my intention at all. My apologies” so charming. They do give you warning though	4
Next headline April comes around: sorry there is hold up and we won't be ready until early July.	4
Wow, hearing him swear, thats gonna be something	5
No different than people making a big deal about their team winning the super bowl. People find it interesting.	5
Ah brilliant, thanks for sharing that. It does indeed look promising. Shame no mention of Lethals possibly but oh well =]	3
Congrats mate.	3
*Googles what is the third leading cause of death* Google *updated*: Measles causes by stupid people not vaccinating their children	0
Possibly. I just couldn’t go any further with it. Not after that.	3
Why is step 1 make the thing so huge? I mean go slightly bigger and do a bangle?	5
Thanks for not declaring that in a karma whory way like so many of your fellow fans	3
That head pat and hug was the physical equivalent of “oh my sweet summer child.”	3
Ah yes three of my ~~best friends~~ worst enemies	0
thanks, just sold my house to go all in	3
figured it out	5
Brutal. I'm so sorry.	4
This is gross and sweet at the same time. Great parenting.	3
A family friend was just found to have made this comment, I am interested to hear your thoughts.	3
Same here, would love to help. Praying things get better for you and your family :)	3
Always. And on a shallower note, he is aging so well, the handsome devil.	3
What a legend.	3
u guys were a pretty good place to eat at :( ill miss it	3
digitally executed lol.	3
see im on here having fun meming on all yall basement dwellers, stay salty	3
I don't really know how to explain because English is not my first language, I'm sorry.	4
This is actually funny	3
YOU UNDERESTIMATE MY POWER!!!	0
You dodged a bullet. She sounds like she's easily manipulated and they're nightmare in laws. Bad combo	0
I know, pain in the asses.	4
i never liked any star trek but its great listening to them talk about this dumbster fire	3
When America decides to care that they aren’t paying one of the military branches. Which will be never.	3
Translation: you should see her vagina! She can't fight you off! The double entendre is more than a bit unsavory.	1
Crush. Big crush. Still have it.	3
"I'm missing the ""funny"" part. This is just someone killing himself."	4
Im so sorry	4
Well to be fair, playing the whole game would be a great start. Winning puck battles would also help.	3
Never would have thought about that	5
Outraged suburban white moms ranting about stupid things that don’t matter and making ridiculous comparisons are peak humor	0
Hey I hope you know you’re still important and loved even if you may not feel like it at times. You’ll be okay!	3
May your recovery be swift and your memory of her abuse soon be distant. Safe and happy travels.	3
You see, when a router and a hard drive love each other very much...	3
Gotta wonder how a fake BC could possibly result from a 'mixup'.	5
HAHA so sorry. I've had a very slow day at work. Been hitting F5 repeatedly. Was surprised it wasn't already posted.	5
good luck stay safe!💓	3
Winning is fun	3
That lone pube you forgot to take off in the corner lol	3
You're in the best place in Canada for outdoor activities.	3
That was a terrible pass regardless. Wasn’t close	2
Classic imperialism at its finest	3
Ooohh... [NAME] wouldn't like that!!	4
I was in Korea in July and August, it's hot as humid hell. Spring and autumn are better.	5
First season got a lot of attention. I didn’t like the second season as much	4
This face will not age well.	0
"""IT'S GET YOUR GAME ON! SAY IT RIGHT!"""	0
You win , I’m so wrong to think that anyone would take advantage	5
DoorDash will refund you if you didn’t receive it. Just contact their support.	3
Haha I've never seen a BritSovcit video but now I'm gonna have to check some out	3
I've been pinched a couple times by it's tiny brothers, would not recommend holding that! Damn! It's cute tho.	3
special for you my dude :)	3
Your dad is awesome	3
No but it would be weird if you masturbated to it like I did	0
Thank you for the solid advice 👍 I’ve had about a year of creative highs so maybe my brain just needs a break	3
Morocco sucks, I don’t blame you for not wanting to go	4
And the guy getting out of the front car acting like the car doesn’t know he’s trying to back up, unbelievable	0
Much appreciated, do you not play often?	5
Platinum is the best Pokemon	3
Every point you make is proven wrong lol. Just stop.	0
Ahhhhhh [NAME] had to finish that. But beautiful pass from [NAME]	3
I said stop though. What’s with right wingers and not understanding consent?	5
Agree with you there, no one has a strong enough argument as for why it shouldn't be legalised	3
so what are we now? 4-1 in our last 5?	5
I'm hoping he's just gonna psyche people out like [NAME] did with [NAME].	3
No one likes him enough to tell him he’s wearing women’s glasses	0
I just finished rewatching the film and let me tell you. [NAME] is a legend.	3
Because it was a terrible idea.	2
Software Engineering; had a knack for it at a young age and pretty much always knew that's what I was going to do. Yes. Extremely.	3
Aww, what a cute pair	3
It was understandable, but it was comically basic. He just wanted to take over Earth for Darkseid IIRC.	3
Funny thing, I work at a restaurant and it happened today, which is what pushed me to post this.	3
Yeah. I killed them both.	0
funny, your asking for proof of something the moderators actively remove and then say ShOw Me pRoOf Or ItS fAkE.	3
Watch it!! It's amazing	3
This is an awesome idea. I'm in with my coins when this is ready to roll.	3
i really like that! I'll start using it moving forward =)	3
A ray of light and a beacon of hope. Absolutely beautiful.	3
Jolex because [NAME] grated on my nerves so bad	4
HEY! NO OC IN r/ComedyCemetery	3
I guess they still have hopes to keep AD...	3
Damn kev I knew you love [NAME] but wow this is next level	3
Just be there for him in the best way you can. Look out for him but also keep yourself in mind. It's all you can do	3
Well. That's your belief. I know you and the next cant tell me how to raise mine so I'm not worried about all that.	3
And it should be drenched in blood. It’s supposed to be scary, that’s how you know [NAME] loves you!	5
i dream of making $7k	3
Dear down voter, go to your own sub and take your childish down voting with you.	0
I enjoyed the effort from your dad so I must downvote but I want the subreddit to see this so I’ll upvote	3
[NAME] and [NAME] made their own beds with their own actions. But I agree with this too .	3
In this view, you claim to wield power over them, and are clearly no anarchist. You are implicitly advocating for hierarchy.	0
Oh sorry on my phone auto correct. Which does jobs you focus on one person ensuring that they are ok	4
One of the gayest shirts I have ever seen...	3
You DO seem nice. And friendly!	3
Weird way to type YYYY-MM-DD	1
I like how submissive the coyote is being to this tiny little cat. Like, dude, you could just eat him.	3
I'm so surprised they haven't done it yet tbh!	5
> For the same reason it wouldn’t permit business with an expressly racist/sexist/etc. business But those practices are illegal at all levels already.	0
Splendorinthetrash is a genius, undoubtedly!	3
These are good ideas, thank you so much.	3
[NAME] screaming that to [NAME] was so funny to me	3
lol, I thought he might have been heading towards that direction with that too.	3
Fight me coward! I will never ne frego!	0
Baby cake!	3
Breaking bad all over again	4
Jokes about [NAME] hopefully being in MK11	3
Well attention whores are women(mostly) that always seek validation from other people, something that can really become very obnoxious and annoying.	0
I almost pissed myself waiting so long in the tunnel. Not a fun feeling	0
haha someone's gotta rep for our struggling sports programs	3
They’ve performed it live together so maybe you’ve heard that.	3
That's the theme of this excellent play:	3
With a lot of severe brain damage after being beat back to life with an ugly stick.	4
The real problem is the malicious prosecution engaged in by Monsanto against small farmers.	4
Nervously laughs in anxiety	2
How many attempts did that insane tech take to pull off?	5
> It almost feels like this is totally a shameless, contentless promo post for your YouTube channel and this book.	4
We did it guys! We’re the real heroes!	3
Bloody Peasant!	0
He looks like that one guy	3
“To put us all know who [NAME] laughed through it all.	3
I don't think that's true. Every major story I remember from the [NAME] investigation has been from court documents.	0
Very good points. Thank you for sharing that!	3
Of course. I'm glad you were able to revisit in a healthy manner.	3
It just feels like everything is so false. If I can't care about myself why would anyone else.	5
ive been looking at buying this exact knife for like 6 months.. how is it?	5
Stay strong brother - it's coming.	3
I would’ve LOVED to be a part of something like this as a kid!!	3
Love it when the wife goes lets it go retro. Also love it when she gets that puppy waxed.	3
You obviously have never seen those creepy videos with 10m+ views with kids. And those Elsagate videos.	0
[NAME] my friend and if he has new friends I’m ok with that.	3
That’s Wikipedia, isn’t it? So not quite official.	5
Good lord. > STATISTICS ARE BAD, WE MUST RELY ON ANECDOTES!	4
Truely the man we needed but do we deserve? We let him down by not spreading truth far and wide.	5
Oh sorry, i thought you were having a dig at him lol.	3
Mmmm looks like some delicious asbestos tile being rubbed there.	3
He already sucks. Let’s just nerf him some more.	0
Dont try to force her out of it. She will (probably) turn on you before she turns on him.	3
Yeah but scary brown people. Ever thought of that libtard? /s ^just ^^in ^^^case	2
Oh, well, you again I tried some stuff, people ignore me anyway	4
Holy shit.....just holy shit	0
Yes, but you don't need it to play.	0
mans got me excited	3
"Maybe I'm crazy but to me it looks like she's just giving a ""thank you"" nod"	3
Let's do it (if done smartly by SK) NK wants to go the path of Vietnam in how they developed	3
I came here to say your third paragraph. Yes OP, this is good advice and you can probably find a job pretty quickly.	3
Any [NAME] who are into this, hit me up! Love me some trance & techno. Can't wait for Transmission Sydney in March :)	3
Any time [NAME] is brought up is a good time for this:	3
This artwork is amazing! Only thing that bothers me a bit, is that [NAME] is wearing something that looks like Korean traditional wear as opposed to a kimono	3
With 8 million we could buy eight 1 million Brazilian/Argentinian players and hope 1 or 2 of them are good.	3
Idk why youre downvoted, executing a manequin seems fun	3
You are a disgrace to the species	0
take care!! <3	3
What a terrible list	2
Fellow [NAME] fan, reporting in. She's my favorite character in the series lol.	3
Is it weird that I was practically drooling while watching this	1
What a crybaby. Don’t drink and drive.	0
The Mets fans in me gets excited for [NAME] when I hear [NAME] theme.	3
best: buy flowers because you want to make you SO smile worst: keep going because love is what matters not the issues	3
HOLY MOTHER DUCKER	0
I don't think you understand that the average player can't aim like that on console	0
I wonder if the mapgen portion of the population will die in the first place. Dwarves just waste all their time working on the labyrinth it hits 30.	5
Not tryna plug or anything but i use InShot to crop my videos and it works fine It just makes me hurt inside seeing a screen record not cropped	0
Thats about how 10% of the US population are lol	3
Spending new years in bed hoping desperately not to wake up	3
Yup those are the two worst tasting out of my cocktail!	1
Depends on what's causing the hallucinations	3
Thanks friend. I will change everything around here I promise.	3
Tear all of it down - that place is such a horrific example of trash civil engineering	2
Sadly the same way know people who know people and being in public. Maybe an online game with chat like league or xbox	4
Another thing I always wondered: why doesn't Raddus have autopilot? Would have prevented Holdo's death.	5
Good to know! I should keep a lookout then.	3
Wow. It looks really good!	3
This is a good map though.... Just needs some minor QOL tweaks.	3
this made me stop subconsciously breathing and now I can't stop thinking about it	2
I hate Twitter	0
This is the kind of relationship i want to have,a warm soothing one....	3
I played for a decade+ on release, I'd be happy to help you or anyone else!	3
Like this?	5
I imagined a big last stand but it was just kind of a mess	0
Fair enough. I'm probably thinking of someone who still has some semblance of shame.	3
Picturing you sneezing and banging your head made me laugh so hard! THAT'S WHAT YOU GET! Now, pipe down.	3
Yes. What do you use? Geocities?	5
BUT I STILL HAD ALL THEEEEEESE	0
I did the Karl's Corner VIP package and it was great. There was a mini Weezer museum and I met [NAME]! And saw [NAME] from afar.	3
My favorite gusgasm	3
It's also about anyone else who feels down or attacked by misandrist social signals. Finding ways to counteract these signals and their effects is a worthwhile pursuit.	3
Would not put too much trust on the numbers, Canadian journalists did a test on couple of these services and got different results between two identical twins.	4
This is amazing dude, literally flawless work	3
They got ripped apart here (On Reddit) a few weeks ago for passing false information on aircraft videos and taking legit criticism poorly.	0
Yes what the fuck is going on here	0
RIP. Sad for his family and the bull riding community.	4
How would that fix the problem in this case?	5
He's becoming a more subtle [NAME]. I like it	3
My favorite one that you’ve made so far haha Great work	3
Lol do it.. then block him again	3
Have to love Billy's commitment. Absolutely hilarious.	3
Stop following me around you one hour old troll account.	0
My goal for the year is to delve deeper into GTO related play and how to better understand how to use that to play better myself and against others	3
I love being a mom. My little is almost 4 weeks old and I feel like I was made for this.	3
Lmao is this a bot?	3
[NAME] ignored [NAME] and I loved it	3
That's my plan!	3
You are very pretty. You also seen to have good taste in popsicles, that looks delicious.	3
It's nice for him to take time out of getting angry at people to lecture everyone.	0
Looks like you've never been to Paris! The worst toilet in UK is cleaner than Paris.	0
And you get a gold! and you get a gold!! and you get a gold!!!	3
I agree that you think that. Not sure myself.	3
This is great! [NAME] the legend	3
If I say 6:45 they tell me at 8:00 that they’re not coming :(	4
It is incredibly dangerous which is why there are professionals for this, also these professionals use a saber and not a kitchen knife	5
Wow! It's dead af here	5
Or that's just another terrible problem with the template	0
Ironic if an alt-right nutjob finally makes the alt-right nutjob mods finally mod. Maybe even cruelty can only take so much piss in its coffee.	5
I'm so sorry. She's a very lucky cat to have people who love her so much.	4
I wonder if we will get to actually see the demise of their relationship. I doubt they will do it on the show though.	5
I'm so sorry you're experiencing this. I hope the therapy brings you back your husband.	3
It's tasty. Had one on bone marrow once. I've had weirder things before	2
My mom does this all the time. I've always wondered why she feels the need to do it. Can you tell me why you do it?	5
You gotta make yourself happy when no one else does	3
" You're lecturing other people and you can't even spell ""Dwig***H***t""."	0
Damn! A 4-pack! That’s awesome.	3
Both [NAME] and [NAME] were broken up, so it wasnt cheating.	4
Why do you say this? I'm genuinely curious.	5
America v Necaxa Was postponed till March. America doesn't play until next Jornada 2	0
Excellent. [NAME] ([NAME] in particular) made me discover my love for DXM and other even weirder dex sounds.	3
Ahhh thank you! This is only my second scripted video. The rest are just me babbling into the mic about art	3
They're not. They're rolling super hard. And loving it!	3
Naw man Asain men have an easier time. Most of my asain friend are pretty boy. Fuckbois lol	3
True. I think the only way vegan lab-grown meat could be produced is via self-renewing stem cells which is still a very undeveloped technology	3
... with my stepmom. Haha. Erm.	3
For what it's worth, I hope you have a great year anyway.	3
As long as the stop watch on my iPhone is timing him, my kid will do almost any chore. Its crazy what kids find exciting	3
I mean you can want a break from something and still enjoy it.	3
Fuckin Finnish spitz out there bud	0
jokic with a couple dumb arm fouls already, he seems a tad unsettled	0
Nice, but everyone deserves the best.	3
Haha. Fucking banana stand. Didn’t realize people actually used them.	3
Seriously, I’ve never had rendering problems (External SSD) until now... Not even on the PTR	3
fantastic point!	3
Sure, but I don’t think those costs outweigh [NAME] getting caught in crossfire on Queen Street.	3
Disgusting, but fascinating.	1
That was my wish in writing this. We all need hope sometimes. Some enchanted evening comes for each of us in its own time I think.	3
Lmfao I'm not here to Google easy shit for morons.	0
FBI OPEN UP!!!!	0
Thanks for the gold	3
This is one of my favorite threads ever.	3
You’re the best grandmother a person could hope to have.	3
yikes, as someone who dislocates things often ([NAME]), this scares me!	2
Yes, sorry reddit told me 2 times a error occured while posting this :/ Looks like it got submitted fine tho :/	4
Oh no! I'll check into it; there are transcripts available, but it isn't really the same thing, is it?	0
I'm impressed! After childbirth, I'm lucky to make it twelve minutes without having to pee...	3
Wrong on so many levels. Just sit back and watch it implode. It will hurt at first, but guarantee, you will have the last laugh.	3
This is genius. The ultimate prank.	3
Agree! 60 new shoppers in Columbus I think is why. I removed Chillicothe and all those once but they came back. I am not going there!	3
I've been playing this game since release and didn't even know that!	4
I cried I was laughing so hard	3
You're not from America, are you? Bless your pure soul <3	5
Happy cocaine on a plate day!	3
I wish I could forget. Stop reminding me :(	4
Oh man, you got me there with the image	4
I love you [NAME], you is my only friend.	3
Much appreciated comrade!	3
I realized that. Why I jokingly said they were messing with you. Didn't think you actually spoke with them.	5
Crap company that old folks love cause of the name Only useful benefit is towing	3
Lmao I listen to stuff that doesn't fit in any of these categories Oh, and grandson	3
Yes. Exactly. Anything non [NAME] belongs in the trash. Glad you agree.	3
Yeah - we never had a fight. I'm glad we managed to end it in good terms. Thanks a lot for the sentiment, mate. Cheers!	3
You're a horrible person.	2
It's all out of love... We promise.	3
I can do the very first part, where he first jumps.	3
Hey nice rebuttal. I got some new information out of that, thanks for that. It's all about learning.	3
I guess learning French in school helped me for once	5
Used to be the November curse!	5
good job with being proactive with mental health.	3
Hilariously wrong and uncontroversial.	0
Thanks, dude. It means a lot : ) Hope you have a great week.	3
Yeeesss...... let the anger flow through you...	0
I would make sure I didn’t leave any soda cans anymore so I could have the high ground, and then hide all but one cup lol	3
Wait is this a euphemism for ditching your husband and finding a new partner or did you lose 179 pounds?!?!	4
Really!? I thought it had, or at least it should. Guess I'm better off leaving too	4
That's not how it works	0
> The headline writers are misrepresenting her words (second publication I have seen in minutes that has done so). Oh wow I wonder why	5
We'll try this... I love you man. Whoever you are I know you're good. Most of us are.	3
yeah, thanks	3
This is beautifully written.	3
> it’s a low f-ing bar lbr It is indeed. But I am glad that you found a man who doesn't want anal.	3
is [NAME] coming back?	5
"""I shouldn't have done that, it's not the honorable way."""	0
Hahaha I was gonna put one of those but I couldn’t remember what they were	3
This definitely sounds like bipolar mania or a schizophrenic episode. I hope he gets some help.	3
Plus she's probably going through some extreme grief, life insurance is a huge practical concern for her right now.	3
I had to mute cause the sound was making me cry.	4
Confirmed, word added to Oxford dictionary in 2022. Now to spread the word and get it into general circulation so that this can happen. [NAME].	3
I find both [NAME] and [NAME] annoying each in different style.	0
That's awesome!! Look forward to watching this kids progress in year 2	3
I would have tactically thrown dynamite and blown my self up about 2 seconds in.	2
The fact you can remember the games he blew shows how great he was and how few and far between they were.	3
All is well! Think I got one sorted out with one of her family members. Thanks for your help!	3
Honestly [NAME] is the best character on the show and the main reason it's worth watching, especially the later seasons.	3
XD lol yes. Ragnarok	3
Royals can be prosecuted. Princess [NAME] was charged under the dangerous dogs act many years back the monarch enjoys sovereign immunity.	3
I'm scared to do these cuz the S.A.G.E. told me I was a transvestite	2
I’m easy going, I take everything with a smile. People around me often comments how I’m always in a good mood.	3
Ah yes that makes sense - the gofundme for her and the workers seems to be taking off at least (if it’s legit)	3
I pray to [NAME] that we will be aware of people's sins in the afterlife when we watch them burn.	3
Cognitive Dissonance. Big problem in our society.	4
a butt ....hahahahahahaha ......every 4th grader ever	3
I’ve read this exact same story except the car was a red Porsche.	5
Yes, its completely normal. Everyone I know is better than everyone else.	3
It's very convenient!	3
Honestly- live your life as a person who can love what others hate- because that’s just a little more joy in your life versus their hate.	3
Wooah :o Didn't know [NAME] had a son xD	5
That's Great to Hear.	3
pretty ironic this was recorded	3
Reminds of kissing my first girlfriend. [NAME], we had no idea what we were doing.	5
This feeling is so bad	4
Don't worry dude. The ladies could never see it if you remain to be a virgin and keep your pants up.	3
Having read the entire article, and some of the other FAQ, the only thing this is telling is that [NAME] read the same book very differently.	3
Don't worry, you'll find love, I promise! I hope you love yourself as well. <3	3
...oh goddamn it, that's in my sales territory.	5
I, personally, am excited to have another agent to make the lab numbers look pretty while the patient dies.	3
Truly incredible work ;)	3
Celes represent well her talent tho	3
That's not a denial 🤔	0
I hate everything about this.	0
Fox News is generally not what I would call credible. Any other links?	5
Your driving makes me sick [NAME]	0
This makes me smile.	3
That's amazing! Did you have a zoom on the drone, or is the post effect?	3
It's gorgeous	3
Your loss. [NAME] is an excellent chef, and all of his restaurants are amazing.	3
You’re right	3
Honestly tho. Please stop posting this. We've been seeing this shit since at least 2003 and I was born in 02 ffs	0
Uh. Okay. I dont thats likely to happen. Even when people were eating babies it was not die moral reasona	0
Thank you! We’re currently shoveling ourselves out of the driveway, hopefully well be going there soon	3
The molcajete is my favorite type of Mexican food. I'm not with you on this one.	3
I never believe draft rumors of who teams are looking at or wanting, especially if its fan rumors.	0
Thank you. This is something I really needed to hear. Hugs, mama.	3
Honestly I wouldn’t mind. Glad he’s still in the NHL. Poor [NAME] was playing in the KHL last I heard.	3
The minute I heard about this this morning, I just knew [NAME] would use it for his benefit someway, somehow... lol. :/	3
Thank you. This is well-written and it’s really helpful.	3
SHE DESERVES TO BE TRULY HAPPY. LEAVE HER [NAME].	0
I don't know what that means, nor do I care.	5
oops, my bad.	4
Good tips. Will take into consideration everything you said. Thanks a lot !	3
And then attacking you as a person when you say you'd prefer not to be stalked and murdered. Sorry but your friend is a problem.	4
The original DayZ mod music was pretty intense.	3
Wasn't north and south Dakota one state at some point? Are they putting aside they're difference and getting back together?	5
I do! I buy 5-blade Dorcos. I'll never go back to razors marketed to women.	3
[NAME] steals the game! (and the puck for bouncing off of Detroit players)	3
Look I also love dragons, but this is just not a dragon, ok? Have some Toothless *hugs*.	3
That’s the nicest thing ever said to me. Thank you!	3
This picture is from before 2010. It was funny at the time.	3
Ayee it made it ! Enjoy	3
He’s still a handsome fella, imo. ‍♀️	3
Keep it simple. Do what makes the money so you can go do what you want.	3
I love that I’m smart, but not so smart that I’m socially awkward.	3
So he’s gonna swear at you in Klingon?	5
You made eye contact. Or flinched. Or were just alive and walking down the street.	5
Had a whole grilled lamb at an Indian restaurant once for a corporate event. It was amazing	3
I wish I could upvote this a thousand times	3
I don't think it's duping I think it probably loot cycling you can find almost the military gear from on the coast now.	0
This is hilarious	3
Not all. [NAME] is cool. If he ever runs again in the primaries he will get my vote.	3
Looks like the walk of shame. Heading home after a night of partying and to much drinking.	4
Very sure they are metal.	3
Crossposting is a terrific feature on Reddit. I'm happy if someone does it to me because it means more people will read one of my posts.	3
A buddy of mine took his exes ring and taped it to the top of a firework mortar then set it off. It was glorious	3
Wow, didn't expect this thread to get philosophical.	5
who was it I missed it	5
My girl [NAME]. Love that our names are the same bless	3
Because the universe is dumb and not fair, but we can make it less dumb	3
I'm nauseous	4
"[NAME] was the ""socialist"" freshman House Rep. I liked the most, but her recent [NAME] tweets are extremely concerning."	3
YES BOYS.	3
Yeah truly ugly people never post their pics on rateme subs.	3
What makes BDS anti-Semitic, as opposed to just anti-Israel? I see the two frequently conflated, which I think is a mistake.	0
Oh geez man... You posted this image to at least 600 subreddits.. Why And now made a new account for it...	0
awesome!!!! I believe in you!!!!!	3
This. This is the [NAME] I've been waiting on.	5
Florence, SC?? Bc if it is I wouldn’t be surprised at all 😂	5
I'd really like to see one of these red-striped zebras.	3
That was sexy	3
I love all the cast in the later seasons, but the [NAME] relationship in seasons 2-4 are prime.	3
you da real mvp!	3
If [NAME] hands the presidency to [NAME] do you really think the public will be more accepting of independent candidates?	5
I’m incredibly jealous of you and yours. Congratulations. Maybe someday I’ll have someone.. but I dream.	3
I appreciate this reference very much	3
Yeah but they actully had/have shit to be mad about. Their board is incapable.	0
Maybe, just this time, it's for the better.	3
Honestly- my period stopping is one of my favorite “old lady” things! Ha!	3
Nice try. That doesn’t work though.	0
This team is so untalented.	4
Just being impatient here before the execution information page updates, but if anyone's bought it could you tell me how much health [NAME] new execution gives?	5
Thank you for understanding <3	3
Can't even do that anymore :(	0
I scrolled past this and thought this was a title reveal and got so excited. Good GOOD theory though!	3
I care. How are you today?	3
[NAME] deserves to play for a proper club ffs.	3
You admit to discrimination based on your personal criteria. Say no more.	0
LOL where did you hear that?!	3
Fuck the cubs	0
I hate people using the [NAME] to look “deep” on instagram posts like that. It gets on my nerves so much	0
I feel like I'm in a yoghurt advertisement announcing how my digestive system is all rejuvenated. Its that wholesome.	3
Just learn from this and move on bro. Give yourself time to mourn.	3
i don't think we really need to sign anybody to replace [NAME] assuming that pulls through, we can go small ball with [NAME] at the 4 or [NAME]	0
because [NAME] awesome.	3
Oh my goodness it's like a happy little cloud! What breed is it? Either way, omg enjoy petting that super soft puppy coat for me!	3
It just seems extremely insensitive to say that. That’s the real problem. It invalidates the other person’s suffering.	4
I hate the marvel stuff. I do love stuff like murder mountain and you. So that’s a hit for me in the last month.	3
That escalated quickly.	3
“Real men”. [NAME] be more offensive.	0
Nice. Me too. I'm 2002. You?	3
As a household we deal with it by respecting each other's choices and opinions.	3
I love this so much	3
Finally somewhere where I'm just an average fucking person Fuck why am I crying	4
I want to give my peers money, so they can fight for my rights and privilges- see the bus pass discussion in this thread.	3
I would say you’ll be fine just drink water and maybe run/sweat a few times before your drug test!	3
Wait...does that mean they acknowledge the 100 million figure? 👀	5
Oh [NAME], someone did it already, and it was 3 DAYS AGO O.O	5
I'm high RN and can't understand this	5
Thank you. Let's see if it does :)	3
"My husband and I are expecting a little boy. We will refuse to do the whole ""man up"" thing. No toxic masculinity here hopefully lol"	3
"""Sigh"" I thought you were better than this I thought we were over this but no you just had to do it ""Upvotes angrily"""	0
It actually depends. Do you have PCOS? Because if you do, then that would explain the change as well.	3
"That ""Duff City"" belt is an amazing touch"	3
Yes I really miss his streams...the ONLY reason I chose adc as my main role was because of how chill chaox was.	4
The Grappler was fun to use, but way too strong.	3
I feel the guy did this only to correct his mistake and to pretend it never happened.	5
>I have, on multiple occasions, enjoyed sipping on my flask of scotch at Bowness	3
Ha at least you’re in on the joke.	3
I hope [NAME] does get a new devil trigger. I’m sorry but seeing the same one repeatedly has gotten old.	4
Ah well I still feel a bit bad for the parrot but at least he won‘t be harmed :)	4
Cuddling. God damn is it comforting to just snuggle up in my girlfriend's arms and sit there for a while	3
Unlucky, pricks.	4
Amazing. Professional athletes doing what they're paid to do.	3
[NAME] has broken his brain so bad he’s turning [NAME] into [NAME]	4
Yeah, apparently I missed the joke back there a bit Hahaha.	3
Thanks for the response!	3
Is that Riverside, CA? That’s where I’m from! Sadly I was barely a teen in 1993-first time I saw them was Dec. 1996	4
"""Highline poles""; I'll keep those in mind. Thanks. "	3
It’s such a good show tho	3
LMFAOOOOO that’s when family guy was still funny	3
Do you happen to know which movie/book he is talking about? Would love an interview link if you have it!	5
I thought the joke was going to be that there would be a kiwi (fruit), but this is way more wholesome	5
Thanks for posting this.	3
Are you really Belgian cause I love it	3
I do like how he instantly turns to the pilot. Like, dude, turn around, I dropped my phone!	3
We cant say dodgeball these days. It’s forbidden. Like how we call anal sex “Lawyer love” now.	0
Wow? Thanks so much for the knowledge, sir. We owe you one.	3
Hipsters love tapes tho.	3
Serving us Ornacia!!! Honestly though I love this look!	3
The internet never ceases to surprise	5
wat u fecker	0
I should say to you that it's ok but at the cancer thing my mind changed Asshole, also get help	0
I was never a [NAME] guy, though he was CERTAINLY my 2nd choice. But I deeply love and empathize with this...	3
Damn this is really uplifting.	3
This is a really lovely ends to a crappy means. I’m glad you enjoyed yourself and got something out of it.	3
Hahaha yes, exactly!	3
We don't lmao. Anything with humans will have the same problems.	3
The possibilities are fascinating. In other times, I'd be enjoying watching the lawyers argue...!	3
Hope you're havin a good trip my dude! Good vibes ✌🌈	3
This is my bestie's favorite song.	3
Removed and warned. R1	0
Now that you're saying it, it actually makes sense. I'll be really hurt, but if she makes him happy I can't stop him.	3
So we’re reposting stolen jokes now... cool	3
It’s ironically calling British people ugly as a meme i guess	4
People that choose to work for NGO's already make far less than their corporate counterparts, do you want them to work for free?	5
So..the head [NAME], is afraid of being rammed?	5
He's not wrong.	3
*price hike for [NAME] only. I dropped Netflix last month because of it.	4
I work from home but I still get up early for me time. House is nice and quiet at 6am.	3
Sorry, I would like your comment, but it's at 666. And I just can't bring myself to change that.	4
Yea ur right on that but that doesn't really negate my statement on the blitz.	3
[NAME] is pretty af	3
Has anyone actually read the terms of service. I haven’t...😔 Is this a valid reason to break the contract I signed?	5
But I love solids	3
Honestly i'm fine with any picture as long as it contains at least one dog	3
For crying out loud, all they had to do was use the smegging wipers!	4
I don’t believe so. I got it when the Dead Sea Scrolls exhibit was in my city.	0
Pretty terrifying. Imagine if you went on a school trip, did nothing, and came home to this.	2
[NAME] i've ever seen, nice to see that money doesn't ruin a good marriage	3
I wish someone were there to scream this at me every day.	3
The foul, smelly dump I just took > fallout 76	1
Wow! If they were to follow that logic, they would have to ask why on earth we were given doctors! Insanity.	3
I love how sly you are being	3
Aw Thank You.	3
Yeah thankfully I live in mass where it’s legal here too lol	3
[NAME] actually just released an awesome video on the self help industry and it's relationship to these folks!	3
Thanks! I'm going to Middlebury this fall but that's going on my resumé for the rest of my life tbh	3
[NAME] will be the 2nd best player in Juve team now.	3
Same thing happened to me last year ended horribly	2
And they are right. [NAME] ([NAME]) even shot the ball and missed after [NAME] made shot	3
"Without even talking about diabetes, you really must be an asshole to celebrate overeating and call it ""progress"""	0
Voting for someone to tax you to death makes no sense	0
So many? I’d be amazed if it was more than 0.1% of active players at any time	5
Quit being a crybaby. If this how you handle any criticism then it's no wonder you're alone and will be for quite some time	0
Is that good or bad?	5
Best of luck. Don't be afraid to come back if you want specific talking points if you get stuck. And take care!	3
21 year olds thriving for lower table clubs are usually interesting to bigger clubs. Will be interesting to see how he does.	5
*[NAME] (hopefully) wins roast	3
> Well maybe I dodged an argument with an idiot From the sounds of it I'm almost positive you did. Have a good one :)	0
I love how he does the [NAME] shirt-pull because he is captain.	3
This is terrible advice	0
Even after achieving 100% in this game, his performance still amazes me.	5
I still like beer.	3
I wonder if the school closures with MLK holiday reduce the priority to plow ...	5
Definitely didn’t give [NAME] a huge scar	3
I just learned about mukbang yesterday from a foreign exchange student. What luck, didn't realize they were popular outside of Asia.	5
Happy cake day!	3
Yep because running a blower for 5 minutes caused it. Not the millions of vehicles or factories we have.	0
Too ugly for love/romance/sex/dating	0
The one that just happened, at the blue line, practically a tackle	5
I am already so stoked for her eventual WATN episode, because she's going to keep kicking ass.	3
Yes officer, this one here	3
My point was that there is no good vote here. This is legislative battle over wall funding and any given vote makes sense only in that context.	0
Like I said, funny.	3
[NAME]. Who hurt you?	5
They didnt watch everton leicester yesterday. Pretty sure everyone was still drunk	3
So not a single MP wants Brexit to be canceled? You really believe that?	5
Hey look It's a Bernout from Potomac! Lol	3
Well in that case you should just tell other people I guess. And welcome to Reddit.	3
Hi from a former [NAME]! Enjoy all the snow this weekend, we're barely getting anything in Iowa, which is frankly ridiculous.	1
I look forward to finally trying the game out and helping you guys pump up those kill counts	3
9 to 4. That's pretty sorry.	4
That's how I used to feel but contracting oneitis added a heaping shitpile of loneliness and agony on top	4
I never watched any [NAME] films, so. That.	0
Well tell me what happened then	5
Females living on Recruit difficulty. Smh	4
Quit serving money and [NAME] will feed you.	5
Which is bizarre because [NAME] actually dubbed those scenes back in the day, but they apparently never used them ever.	5
It's the right sub but why did we even set-up so defensively in the first place? Utterly bizarre.	5
Well shit, time to talk to the wife. It appears she has two husbands.	0
Well, I say good luck to you !	3
OH MY GOD OH MY GOD CONGRATS!!!!	3
We're entitled to express our opinion that OP's opinion is shit.	0
Oh my [NAME] stop	5
put on some real filthy porn before running errands, that'll leave the parents with having to answer really awkward questions	4
Too bad =(	4
*tomorrow Thank you for this.	3
Google image him. Hes NEVER had a good haircut.	4
Yeah, hah.	3
CAN IT JUST BE OPENING DAY? I’m so sick of speculation. Let’s quit the foreplay and just fuck already.	0
Yeah because what we should do is continue to be an absolute embarrassment.	4
read that as 'Belly Racing' and tbh i'm a little underwhelmed	4
Right on. Hi from saskatoon canada. Take care buddy	3
It's funny to imagine that they're calling [NAME], a married man, an incel.	3
[NAME]. I love that this is the top comment.	3
This is actually kinda cool, I like it!!	3
Ah, well thank you. On an unrelated note, does “Benchys” mean boobs?	3
I don’t think his clothing was so tight when he purchased it..	0
Nice-full circle! Leaving [NAME] for dust- I love it.	3
I liked the Japandroids for that one year	3
"Ahhh a fellow atheist, I used that in the standard social meaning but no intention of meaning ""god"" would actually bless you lol but thx "	3
cheers to everyone who voted for me; i love all you guys!! here's to another great year of memes and laughs!	3
My boyfriend is transitioning and I hope he turns out as handsome as you!	3
I really hope this is what happens.	3
Couldn't have said it better myself	3
Drink off those hangovers boys, we have the best team in the universe to watch	3
I’m proud of you. First few days are among the toughest.	3
I think it was Volantis, but yeah I agree.	3
As every politics expert knows, there's an eternal struggle between The Holy Roman Empire and Nazis.	3
I dont think they were angry att them self. Its allways the kids fault./s	0
[NAME] ran out of her way to butt into the conversation with [NAME] and [NAME]. [NAME] . I can't stand [NAME]	0
RAIN was amazing Strange seeing [NAME] and [NAME] looking so much younger	3
I once was the 2001st like on a youtube comment. It felt really good to be able to constantly flip that like count between 2K and 2.1K.	3
Nyaw :) imagine all the nice things he’ll have to brag about you to his next target.	3
The ochils are the only plus side to living in Clackmannanshire. Plus easy travel to anywhere in scotland	3
I was surprised to see [NAME] towing the line on his show.	5
I’d say this is spot on. He’s not sorry he hurt me. He just wants me to shut up.	1
Lol I need to see this movie again.	3
I amlooking to adopt from there! This makes me happy!	3
Im curious what shirt [NAME] is getting for the dance dance stream after all that sub train.	5
Okay, that was actually shocking.	5
As someone who is Scandinavian, you have to admit that [NAME] are either short or VERY tall.	3
Most underrated subreddit.	0
happy early birthday OP! have fun !	3
This is it thank you so much	3
I'm disappointed [NAME] never plays guitar again.	4
No, go home	0
I like it that way :) My point is that you’re an attention seeker like [NAME]	3
Omg it’s like you’re taking the words from my mind.	5
Ah, my bad. Always mix em up. Thanks for the correction!	3
The nightmares I'm going to have tonight would like to thank you in advance.	3
I wouldn't be surprised if their confidence is so shot that they lose this control and lose 3-0	5
i see it in a different way, but i understand why you see it like that	3
Its a funny joke but it's delivered horribly	0
And in some US states, still that range just sets off weird vibes.	4
I'm so delighted that my boyfriend has found this community.	3
Good video, friend	3
This is very cool! I'll definetly be using this.	3
Thank you for being the only person here to choose, not to be offended. This is a good burn.	3
Actually i barely remember any threads about him getting to rank 1 in recent years. Most of them were about his insane winrates against gold-plat players.	3
The moral of the story is obviously you should only engage women with whom you have a prior business arrangement. I.e., whores.	5
I love your your moment, too many favs I but first that comes to mind is [NAME] finally suits up as [NAME]	3
Yeah, I really thought [NAME] would take his game to the next level coming here, not a big step back. Hopefully consistency will help him out.	3
Simply amazing.	3
I'd love for some kind of throwback jersey game with [NAME] wearing the old-style goalie cage mask ala [NAME].	3
i mean i hate these takes that because we turned the ball over 26 times, the rotations werent a problem. They clearly were	0
Hm why are there age restrictions on the sex toys? :P	5
lol..You're not getting [NAME] or any of the young core..	3
Kids are awesome	3
You’re good, no worries	3
My wife is going to hate me for laughing my ass of when I tell her this later. Worth it!	3
Thank you. Well said.	3
They laughed in our faces for a decade. Not to mention they were actually cheating (bountygate).	3
Pepsi tastes better in the UK than Coke but US/Canada coke is pure diabetes and Pepsi is disgusting.	1
Because this creep wanted to put his hands on the girl.	0
I know, that's why I said one of the reasons. The main reason is his uselessness when your team is bad	1
Who would have thought ! I'm glad he didn't shoot someone on his way down !	3
fuck the caps!	0
I wish there was videos of people like this figuring it out later organically and just feeling dumb lol	3
My 1 year old ate TWENTY TWO broccoli tots for lunch. And he still wanted a cookie afterwards. Like...what?!	5
Real class A asshole there	0
They probably got de-funded. I need to support them.	3
Alright. I’ll do that. I just don’t want to fail the cdcs you know thank you.	3
You just going into the posse menu and buy the persistent posse. It costs $200. Good luck ❤️	3
really? I tried last NYE during the day and it was dead	5
Absolutely love this song, up there as one of my favorite fav frank songs	3
[NAME] is garbage in every single game he plays. He needs to be traded	4
He's a garbage person. It's very disappointing. I liked him so much before.	4
I didn't realise	5
Oooooooooo that’s a sweet format, love it. Thanks!	3
Ah, alt right thinking. Afraid of people who have anything 'upstairs,' or 'between their ears.'	2
What have you censored?	5
Lol. Your dad made me laugh. Tell him thanks.	3
I hated doing group work. Unless groups were assigned I always went by myself.	0
I think transparency was the right move here. The guy ghosted you for a while anyway so it doesn't seem like much of a loss.	3
Um. Not sure what your point is here. Especially with that last paragraph...	5
I'm glad you're doing a bit better. Sorry about your grandma. Good luck.	4
So do I, but I don’t want them to be associated with government espionage and other shady shit either.	0
Yea but I hate existing, it’s nothing but sadness	4
I agree: most [NAME] are much better than Prophet [NAME], which directly contradicts [RELIGION] doctrine.	3
I'm ashamed that while trying to figure out what TKE stands for all I can come up with is Tau Kappa Epsilon.	4
In sorry but that seems like quite a shallow grave...	4
Let's us both hope you will be losing it come by the end of the September then... LOL It would be freaking awesome if it happens.	3
It sucks it didn’t work out good luck in cincy and thanks for that Alcs game	3
This is the most accurate representation of BO4 I have seen yet👍👍👍	3
Lol I felt like I was reading my own tinder story...	3
Lol hows that different then [NAME]	3
This is my favourite movie. Not enough can be said for [NAME] acting. One of the best things about it.	3
I hate to be the bearer of bad news but she is more than likely dead and will never get to say goodbye	4
What was their GDP then? You forgot that part.	5
"[NAME] was caught stealing his neighbors newspapers. He pockets all the money that is given to him and he does not use it effectively. [NAME] sad ""life"""	0
I wonder what was stopping that barber using the lightning network for payments?	5
I loved [NAME]. He didn't seem evil at all!	3
Lol, you guys are as popular in this thread as in real life!	3
The title made me laugh so much after reading this. Glad things are going great with your wife. Many more happy years to you three (:	3
.....I should have thought of this!	5
found it already but thank you	3
Well that has cleared up, but the damage is done and there is zero trust now, so it'll never end.	3
No one is getting jailed for cannabis that's the biggest fucking joke I've heard all week	3
Thanks! Do you think a skeleton fort shouldn’t be too hard for a 3 man crew of average players?	3
Sorry im a french guy	4
I wouldn’t expect anything less than those deplorable traitorous trumptards.	0
Good looking calamari.	3
Was impressed til I saw you main [NAME]	3
No I dont think I said that anywhere	0
Because killing people is wrong?	0
No telling I know is not eat it, I like eggs and I like cottage cheese but yuck no they can’t touch!	3
His! Watch out! That cars coming straight for you! Omg guys she’s arguing with ferrah, she can’t hear us help!	5
Are you sure? He's a rarity if he has never taken up the habit.	5
Haha, only one species. More the Cockatoos	3
"I didn't say ""do it for the children,"" but I understand if reading isn't a strong suit for you."	0
"This feels more like ""Lofi Rock"" if that exists, or even Jazz. Very interesting."	3
Can you provide any evidence to your claim that right wingers are using this to smear her?	5
U can still pour it out the lock holes. Hook it up	3
Baby, You get all the credit with your excellent research!	3
I'm guessing you jumped straight to being offended too fast to realize that this is ironic. that's all tongue in cheek.	5
He’s a great guy? Calm down lol	3
I’m gonna need a couple more checks before I trade down for a retarded kid.	3
Good demo	3
bless his heart	3
A video was just released showing this altercation. Within Syria is rarely wrong.	4
PNW represent! Southern Oregon. Our non-mono scene is....pretty sparse.	3
Are the ones playing now ready ? If so they are very terrible. Rather we play the players that are not ready	5
This post fucking sucks because it doesn't cater to my beliefs.	0
yay another let's keep nerfing survivors to the ground patch... fun	3
I came here for this. You and your fancy teeth filled with toxic PFAS can bite me!	0
First of all how DARE you plague this country with your USELESSNESS you degenerate smh	0
ahhh yes, that post from 2 years ago with 39 upvotes, remember it like it was yesterday.	3
[NAME] IS SO HAPPY AND SO AM I!! Edit: [NAME] I see you, relax	3
Ew yes I’m glad you brought that up.	3
Thank you. Its only applicable if its not in the customer's favor and if they follow other stipulations.	3
>So that was a **fucking** lie. FTFY.	0
Thanks for sharing, we have a new thread for today	3
Laziest team I've ever seen.	1
"""Oh, how DARE you discuss the disgustingly unhealthy and dangerous lifestyle I pursue!"" /s"	0
My man!	3
A better description would be she got a nasty fright rather than it being terrifying.	1
Great write up, you’ve sold me on Munchak being a good hire.	3
Yeah I'm gonna do that....Thank you...she just doesn't like the feeling of condoms but i dont care need to put my foot down	3
The scorpion one on the swing set looked so bad. I think I heard her back break/crack.	1
This is pretty funny. I’ve known dozens of people who fall into all of those stereotypes.	3
Glitter is awful for everything	1
Your idea of what a nice entre or nice wine cost at a restaurant are... Interesting....	3
> Am i missing something? Because it won't be repealed.	5
Velvet Taco, and it is amazing.	3
You're an awful human being.	1
I so remember that scene!!!!!	5
K. If you can't see that staffing and turnover are a contributing factor to quality of care then idk what to tell you. Cheers.	0
Thank you. It doesn't sound so bad, at least on paper.	3
Thanks! Will give them a call!	3
I'm very much like that, here's my face lol You're either interested or you're not	3
watching [NAME] play after quite some time. She has lost insane amount of weight! Did this happen after stabbing incident?	5
Because [NAME] was playing awful in the first two sets. Absolutely terrible.	1
So true.... hes my baby but I never expected his level of protectiveness, hes literally an ounce so it's pretty crazy to see	3
I love that you know this tidbit!	3
WHAT!? *I thought you were a local!?*	5
I'm not sure these guys are wingers, but other than that, I'm very happy so far	3
This actually happened but no one clapped	4
Good job Mr [NAME]. That is all	3
I don’t believe there’s a hell or heaven.	0
Great for domestic workers.	3
We both will be having a read at these links, thank you!	3
This comment has sent me on a several hour journey down the rabbit hole of [NAME]. Thank you	3
What is your career field? Maybe you should take a break or something? Beating your head against a wall every day has to be frustrating.	5
My imaginary friend is always busy. I never get to do anything with him eigher :(	4
Ah good ole no child left behind	3
> Basically tell them to screw off and realize their selfishness You mean my grandparents / aunt?	0
Yeah it's only been posted 30 times already	3
No problem. Glad you were able to take something away from that.	3
I cried more here than in Star Wars.	4
I see what you saw there.	3
Damn, good luck dude hope it goes well.	3
Did you see the Beauty News video about it? One of their Estee Lauder products turned out to have been expired before they even bought it 🤢	5
I was just in shock when she answered the door for devoin.	5
I had no idea! The art style just seemed similar to me. Looks like I’ve got a new show to watch.	5
I know right, im pre everything but sometimes i paint my nails and people will tell me how much they look like a womands hands.	3
that tease tonight lowered my hopes	4
Super Bowls are overrated anyways. s. I'm more angry about back-to-back seasons ending on a fade to Crabtree in the endzone.	0
Science has its role in a society. It should serve that role. It should not try to usurp morality, spirituality etc.	3
There is no quick fix to controlling it better. For pwBPD it tends to require a lot of therapy, often DBT.	0
yeah i misread billions as millions. my bad	4
False. Drop bears.	0
Thank you so much!	3
What are those baby blue thingies?	5
I watch almost every Bears game as I am in that market lol	3
Get in touch with a lawyer. No one in Reddit can answer this. Throwing her out really would be better.	0
Disney World/Land or NYE at Time's Square have always made me nervous.	2
Having high empathy is great, but I'm still trying to figure out what to do with it.	3
But they still go around the houses, 111 is long as fuck though.	0
He's played the best ball of his life the past few weeks. Didn't see this coming though	3
"I sure as sugarplums aint seen any ""gives"" around "	3
And still so few go to college): Such a broken system.	4
What is it that we don't know yet about the Rebellion, if you don't mind me asking?	5
I’m so glad I have my own car	3
I thought that too, but I was wrong. And I know that full health is 170.	3
Like, [NAME]?	5
I REALLY MISS GRIFFIN REINHART	4
Truly a beautiful story, 11/10 :')	3
I’m not guessing anything. I didn’t make any claims about her viability against trump. You did.	0
Disgusting amount of oil.	1
Doordash pays less than minimum wage, no money even to buy cheesecake from the cheesecake factory after paying rent and Bills 😥	4
I hope they don't do that just to please pissed off fans who want everything to be cliché.	3
Really takes ya by surprise anyway though, huh?	5
[NAME] has been injured for a while... No point in doing that comparison. Not sure if a troll or just new to football	5
Lol they were trying so hard to get that viral	3
[NAME] is on fire!!!	0
Pressing Q everytime garrosh tries to throw someone helps tho, if u wanna play support, play like one, thanks	3
This is so good!	3
Men, you're ought to love the first hour in hospital of a new father. They're a merge of emotions that flow over the ER.	3
Bestest boi.	3
Well, I don't agree, but I do appreciate having a real discussion rather than just name calling lol. Agree to disagree	0
Man, I remember when we were utter pish. Those were not happy memories.	0
Just another above average looking girl who works out for a year and gets a million followers for posting her ass. We live in a society	0
You will be fine.	3
Ah from what I understood you could barely read the biggest line on the chart. I thought this was a general statement.	5
I just wanna stick my hand in it and grab handfuls and stir it all around lol	3
I'm not sure why [NAME] would care about the backstop. Maybe he just wants to rile up the Tories.	5
fuck lacy evens, she has not been impressive at all	0
That's gorgeous!	3
My hair never scrunched and I was so jealous	4
Get some help with your decision. Maybe your church or some non-profit group in your area can talk you through it. Good luck! Keep us updated.	3
This post is SO HELPFUL. Thank you!!	3
Play something else and come back later. You’re burning yourself out	3
DWIGHT, NEVER YELL AT THE CUSTOMERS	0
... and no one seemed to care Except that lonely woman with white hair	4
shut up, [NAME]!	0
Australia... Nooooooooooo!	0
Thank you, that makes me feel better :)	3
I have a paper yardstick from IKEA in my purse. It has been very helpful for the craziest of reasons.	3
I got through it when I got home, thanks! :)	3
I've said it before, but yuck, kissing that bloody mouth... Watch out, [NAME], you don't know where that's been.	0
Haven’t watched much of his other stuff but I loved his debunking of [NAME].	3
As QA I can confirm that I have no idea what I'm doing	5
Better start believing in miracles then! LOL	3
"""Electricity scam""? ...and I'm pretty sure [NAME] is not an idiot."	3
I think that's a minority, not the majority there.	0
this actually made me LOL, thanks	3
Married to the love of my life. LOL	3
I’ll check out and see if is!! Thank you ☺️	3
Thank you, I'll try that. And yes I'll definitely thank her if I see her again.	3
So glad you left this note. This is the way it’s done! Newspaper (or similar) and everything.	3
True dat. I’m an AFC guy, but I’m even more an AFC West guy. Send the [NAME] home, Chefs!	3
If you really think a horror movie needs jump scares then I feel bad for you son.	4
hmm... it didnt work for me when i posted it but now it does... weird af	1
Then income is the right criteria for equality initiatives. That's the logical conclusion we should arrive at from my and your statement	3
they just dropped KAP45. Free for 2 amazing guns but a pistol costs money? What gives.	5
Hasn't he also lied about his height previously?	5
You forgot [NAME] and [NAME] as [NAME] and [NAME] in the 2003 *Battlestar Galactica*, which was spectacular.	5
Congratulations and by the way, you’re not fat, you are down to earth.	3
No, you said you think she deserves whatever she can afford. Can she afford housing?	5
Thank you u/closeteverything69, very cool!	3
loving the salah hate	3
I always flew out from Edinburgh. First time flying out from Glasgow and I was shocked at how small and... dingy it felt in comparison.	5
He should just give it to you right?	5
Is it... alive?	5
"This a very serious question but I will say what everyone else will: ""I want [NAME] out"""	3
i feel like this isn't being talked about enough.	4
Your funny, thanks	3
That damn FDR who America loved so much they had to write an amendment to the Constitution to keep anyone else from being elected that many times	0
When you dint know Anarchism at all so you think you can be anarchist and capitalist at the same time !	0
Hey bud, I’d honestly try to complain a little less and I promise you’ll slowly become a happier person	3
Now THIS IS shitposting	0
Medley? 🤮	5
I like both.	3
Nope, but I'm sure it was mostly sales, you can lose a lot of clients if they lose the salesperson they have a relationship with.	0
[NAME] 👩👩👩 this Is for real, this makeup 💄 💄💋 makes you glow 🌟✨ no 🚫🚫🚫🚫 filters needed 💯💯💯💯💯	3
Based on that cars wheels it is now very tired.	2
I am sorry for making fun of your username, I sincerely apologize.	4
That would be cool	3
Yeaaahhh... *blushes*	3
I noticed that too. Maybe it pumps them up too.	5
Honestly if I didn't have this many favorite characters not yet in the game, I would probably waste my 7 votes on Merlinus.	3
Ooh, that's interesting info actually (*heads to capfriendly to check how many years until [NAME] is a UFA*)	3
I got $10 on Anzac Day as the guy won money and 2 x $5 tips that’s all.	3
The shipping container are my friends, damnit	0
Oh, goodness!	3
4th generation representing!	3
If you have a bad memory, you have to train yourself to take notes	4
You poor poor fellow	4
The menzingers are sick, good luck out there bud	1
[NAME] has gotta he replaced or that was just terrible writing	2
If you’re going to be a psycho you might as well smile and make it look like you’re a happy one.	3
I wish for world peace!	3
I’m dying from your comment. I actually literally laughed out loud from it.	3
"When it gushed out I caught myself saying ""ooof"" out loud"	5
Its distasteful to complain about male-dominated space like stem? **pearl clutching intensifies**	0
Uh, you can’t see the grille?	5
Oh I know. I will never forget either of those scenes, poor kid.	4
If this is a medical situation the analogy still applies 🙄	3
This is very helpful, I'll dive into these links thanks	3
Too fast for me in the chat room. I'm on my phone and can't type that fast. Here is more relaxed and everyone is hilarious.	3
Right? If I worked 75 hour weeks I'd want more than a damn gift card to a coffee shop	3
Hah. Thanks!	3
Why do the Jets have players at the Pro Bowl and the Pats only have their mascot there?!	5
YOU WRITE LIKE A YOUNGER MAN, WITH NOTHING HELD BACK. ADMIRABLE, YET MISTAKEN.	3
No worries. Glad you like it	3
Exactly. He is doing a diet trend that just happens to be meat-free.	3
That was a great interview	3
"There's too much focus on ""our side Vs their side"" and things just seem to be getting worse"	0
Thank you. I needed to be told that. I knew it but needed affirmation I guess.	3
Man, I would cry tears of joy if my two-year-old cousin could just say my name, let alone say a coherent sentence.	3
what a dumb moment of faux outrage. can't wait to see what contrived outrage someone thinks up next.	3
Nah, share it then down vote it in to oblivion.	0
it looks like she took it in a totally different direction which i’m loving	3
Can't wait to see the corporate oligarchs that are *lucky* enough to *randomly* get picked.	3
Preach. The nuthuggers and happy go lucky blind sheep if the front office are nowhere to be found. So disappointed in this team.	4
So we are a theocracy?	5
There must be some awful things happening right at this second	1
He hates the Falcon because his dad would leave him all the time on it as a kid	0
omg pizza time with junko time	5
I'm honestly surprised you haven't been banned yet.	5
No I know. This group has been mostly helpful. And the rude comments were deleted by the mods.	3
Great point.	3
I love it. Probably my favorite game mode right now. Especially when playing with a buddy.	3
Woah, dude. That's some research! You should totally make video essays and earn some bucks on YouTube.	3
But seriously, you're probably going to feel very sick	3
Thanks [NAME]!	3
Is this Dragon Age style?	5
Wall St is scared of the 2020 Democratic primary.. Good!	2
*people’s ..this is awkward	4
"""THE SAMPLE SUCKS! THAT TOWN HALL MEETING WASN'T EVEN AS GOOD AS THE TLIC ONE"" "	0
I missed you [NAME] you're pretty cool	3
This moment always reminded me of being a kid and turning on Nickelodeon only to find Nick News with [NAME]. Ultimate disappointment.	4
It was pretty cool seeing him play all the horrible games based off his childhood stardom on AVGN’s YouTube channel. Fucking [NAME].... Bane of my childhood.	3
I guess you were hoping for love from someone who is not well enough to offer love.	3
And you don't take delight in seeing the person you love in pain. Amen my dear!	3
Remember the year “Song 2” was number 2? Good times.	3
I ended up with my kneecap dislocated like that back in the 80’s (it was a tragic hackysack accident). 12/10 would not recommend.	0
You’re not wrong, the red flags are there. You have every right to be concerned.	3
I am more of a dumbass for building a $2500 308 AR-10 for my first rifle... regret it but just not willing to sell it till this day	4
I can definitely see this one	3
This is my favorite wild memory	3
Both directions? They should all be arrested. This will cost the people of Edmonton a lot of time and money. Fuck these pricks.	0
Let's hope you've got the self control to not binge :) I know I didn't	3
Cop is stupid for upholding the law, I think most people here would beg to differ but wtfdik	0
Oh [NAME] lol the cringe is palpable	3
Well, I'm glad you're out of all that now. How awful. The way they act, they make you think healthy boundaries are you being hostile.	3
he did alledge collusion on the part of the owners and GMs against the players. this guy colludes.	0
I just got a $250 Bucca order, lets see what happens	3
Well that’s not what was said he said drugs that kill you sooner than your meant to die.. nicotine fits that description	4
what a shame that online sellers have made malls obsolete	1
Love it.	3
Except he does literally every game, but not everyone can watch them.	5
Hopefully but I don't think it's going to change anytime soon	3
that was absolutely beautiful	3
Love [NAME]! MAGA and [NAME]! [NAME]! But this is not helping....	3
Thank you. I hope things get better for you, and I believe in you, too.	3
Maybe but their fish tacos are really good.	3
I’m sorry I only have orange ones :(	4
I liked the charlie one more.	3
a partner of mine made it -- it's just about my favorite meme ever	3
You are grieving a hard loss, and might benefit from some grief therapy.	4
I didn’t say you should take my word for it. You’re not discussing this sincerely.	0
Out of curiosity, what is your profile pic/info?	5
and they are indeed made of gold. this seems like reasonable jewelry prices. or at least not out of left field for designer pieces.	3
You’re right to defend your property is more valuable than the person who’s trying to steal it.	3
I'd be happy to make a donation if you've got some left!	3
Yeah, right.	3
Who was the molester in the family cause the way you worded it confused me	5
Is that so bad?	5
I have a boobs but a penis, it’s quite the embarrassment.	4
Hey cool! I'm a cow. I love milk. Drink a litre a day at least. Love me some moo juice.	3
Oh damn, it’s gonna hunt me down.	0
I love that ammunition. I want to make 200 of them, but I think you may be limited?	3
Need to go middle of the road no [NAME] is going to vote for [NAME].	4
I will pray that she (or whoever may be pressuring her into making this decision) will have a change of heart and spare the baby's life.	3
Thank you! Yeah, she won't take bs.	3
Good layup [NAME] now just try not to get completely lost on defense haha	3
All those statistics are nonsense. There has never been “true” capitalism.	0
I disagree with you, therefore you must be an idiot. K.	0
You’ll just be throwing them up. Ain’t worth it.	0
This is awful and borderline abuse. I can't imagine thinking that's even slightly okay	4
I have no clue what that is, but I hope you have fun	3
i already gave away too much of the secret it's relevant save yourself before its too late	3
Wish the teacher has spelled inventors correctly before testing the students.	3
“hurrrr mumble crap sucks so much u cant understand what they saying wheres all the lyrical spiritual miracle individual biblical rhymes smh”	0
please don’t make me have to bring up fire emblem in trader joe’s again i can never go back	4
Sorry. Bad day.	4
That’s what we keep trying to tell TSCC!!! ;)	3
Crating your dog is also banned in some places, that doesn't make it cruel.	3
"THE IMAGE ASKS ""WOULD YOU VIOLENCE THIS BABY IF BABY WORE HAT"" THE ANSWER IS ""NEH"""	0
Lol, that actually sounds kinda like [NAME]' rallying cry!	3
When they touch my arm or shoulder while talking. Usually they do it with no sexual intent at all, but it still gives me butterflies.	3
my 3.5mm jack came with my iphone se and I can literally never lose it as long as I have my phone.	3
Humiliation on top of arrest!!!	4
This is my favorite [NAME] joke I've seen	3
I'm worried that even in the summer we're not going to have the funds necessary to do that.	4
You could have the sweetest peach in the world, and there is always someone who just doesn't like peaches.	0
Except it's the NFL an he can say fuck it an demand more money at anytime and I wouldn't put it past him.	0
The Iowa State Cyclones are my favorite college basketball team.	3
No, honestly. I’ve never had this problem until now and I’m not sure what’s happening	5
You look like 1 of those ISIS fighters got shot in the head	1
I agree with everything. Yet, society and its stupid outdated, conservative norms see it otherwise.	0
Thank you!!! /s	3
Rain and snow, the whitetail mountains would have looked so nice covered in snow	3
> The only concrete rule change was to limit underage players (usually students) total daily play time. Is that a good thing really?	5
That's the reason I am terrified to wear contacts on duty. I'm afraid it'll get stuck between my contacts and eyes and destroy my pupils.	2
Trust me, I my self wish it happened before this filming	3
Are you saying only corrupt companies make a profit? That doesn't sound right to me.	0
Ok. You’re just being silly now. Good night.	3
Gotta play the identity politics game. She’s black and a lady.	3
oh my [NAME] that first post 🤢🤢	1
I see, thanks for the clarification.	3
The face in the bottom photo is perfect!	3
I'm not in the loop of this storyline as college has consumed whatever free time I have, so can you explain this to me please	5
I'm okay with killing babies in general. I mean, mastification is the cornerstone of my diet.	3
Thank you for these advices can't wait to make them to the test ;)	3
Not sure if /s but he's referring to the Jericho siren on the stuka	5
That’s really cool of you to do man!	3
I thought [NAME] the apostle was *fantastic.* Seeing those early [NAME] suffering like that really drove home what a baby I am.	3
I wanna fight freely in a Da shitposting, but I want the bromance more.	3
That’s what they said when the provincial election for Ontario happened too Then [NAME] begged on tv, that low life. Good luck!	3
Yeah, it's too expensive to eat out all the time, even if its fast food.	3
Sorry I thought you called me dumb. Long story. A misunderstanding. Sorry	4
I wonder why you're sitting at -2 for that comment. Very strange.	5
The comment thread is a hot mess and wouldnt be out of place in 2016. How do things not change....	4
Of course not.	0
I hope the guys play 60 minutes tonight! Have a nice day everyone c:	3
5 1/2 years until the presidential next election... Let's hope [NAME] can figure something out in that time.	3
Yea just went yesterday and the woodhaven area didn’t seem too bad. Seems very country for being only 25min from downtown.	3
No, instant transmission is only to places you've been and people you know	0
This sounds like a great idea! Stop STUPIDITY Act	3
This mode is dead. Sorry :/	4
this is a thing? oh no	5
Wasn't hurtful at all. It felt comforting to me reading it. We're all good.	3
WE LIKE SPORTZ AND WE DON’T CARE WHO KNOWS	3
My exam is over and my winter break starts now 🎉🎉💃 I've been waiting for this omg	3
From his username I can tell he lives in a city close to me. I'm sorry everyone, Vermont has better to offer than the likes of him	4
I have a book that outlines why [NAME] reject [NAME] on the grounds of prophesies. Maybe you could work off of those?	5
That isn't the issue. The issue is shilling your channel.	0
Not anymore it seems.	0
OK, I think I can binge and rebinge the entire run 20 or 30 more times before then, PHEW!	3
Erin's is so precious	3
What something is missing? Curious on your thoughts	5
lol eat your own farts Trumpkin	3
Thank you kind internet stranger for listening to me. I feel a little less alone for the moment.	3
How is that relevant? The rules are simple, do not attack character.	5
Thanks now I gotta go listen to golden earring	3
Weather forecast for Minnesota area. Wednesday -15 to -33. Sunday 43 to 29 and rain. What the fuck?	0
Great concept but, there is going to be a Danganrompa 4	3
Too much sympathy in this thread for a creep who didn't get consent first. I'm glad he got humiliated on tv.	0
I can't believe that we've seen this ep before and missed the poster. Wish I could upvote y more than once.	3
now thats a good use for a glue gun	3
this is so unbelievably adorable	3
Wow, this is why I never want to become a parent.	5
So THIS is the Bad Place!	1
I'm impressed that you have little knowledge of the game, would you unsubscribe?	3
haha I'm guessing she doesn't spark joy for you, so you can let her go	3
I wish my mom was like you. Moms like her make us feel like our whole life has just been an identity crisis.	3
You're not a good person if you make the person that just let you inside their body feel bad and disrespected.	0
Why is the waitress posting here?	5
It wasn't any better 10 years ago if that offers any sense of relief.	5
Lol this pregame about players sucking and getting sent down and then coming back up later and doing better. A giant message to our facebook fans.	3
It’s got to be embarrassing at this point	4
I would love to be woken up by that	3
Damn have they not heard of shelters. Bro go adopt a pupper.	0
Many thanks!	3
Goodness, don't say that. But then, if that half is the one that survives I don't want to	0
Thanks for the lead. Ordered.	3
You can't be worse than [NAME], your hired!	1
He can’t do that! Shoot him, or something!	0
Would your 20s have been better?	5
I am just a guy who went to a normal school and I understood every single word	3
The thought that the armed forces of the US unironically use it is hilarious.	3
Watch your back u/Youareapooptard, [NAME] might hunt you down and burn you alive for that relatively minor insult	0
okay, enjoy living in ignorance and hatred	3
They're so scared	2
Thanks for the support	3
i read your first sentence laughed and stopped reading easily verified basic historical facts are not conjecture genius	3
Do you even TRY TRY TRY???	5
I heard rumors of this. From what I understand the plan is to set off nukes to get the core spinning again. Awesome Movie Reference BTW!	3
we roll tonight to the guitar bite. and for those about to rock, I salute you	3
Whats wrong with removing illegal immigrants?	5
This is beautiful and accurate	3
Sex with men is hotter Maybe because society says it’s wrong	3
Sounds like you have the situation firmly under control. Keep maintaining boundaries, focusing on the things that matter, and ignoring her need for drama.	3
If I ever feel like getting shot... I am going to use this line. Thanks!	3
I was thinking about the exact same thing before commenting, thanks for the clarification!	3
You can't simply shut a baby up, lol	3
Now I'm worried that cat will get salmonella :(	2
I hear lobsters are great	3
He's being serious but the man himself is a joke.	3
As someone who is about to be 29 this is the realest thing I’ve ever seen.	3
There's so much missing information that is hard to dissect. Did you initiate the divorce? What was the reason for the divorce?	0
I wish my family was a gov so I could charge random people on the street for my family's mess ups :/	3
I mean, me neither! Who would have thought?! We saved a girl's life. Cheers!	5
I love having a deep bench, and being able to have really solid players step in when we have injuries. [NAME] was solid.	3
Hopefully created a monster. Also, I killed the morning at work.	3
Such pretty kitties!	3
I would have laughed it off and walked away. Last thing I would do is ask the internet if I was right or wrong.	3
Oh man. Hardest lesson for me to learn as a new dm was that even with experienced players, combat with 7 PCs is brutally time consuming	0
Interesting, no denial about being an unwelcome individual. If my suspensions are public knowledge then prove it.	5
Agreed but I’ll still take kpins if they’re available	3
I love those moments	3
this guy is such a douchebag	0
Chia is this you?	5
There’s a special place in hell for u	0
Totally!! It was such a relief to see that I wasn't the only one (female HL in a DB).	3
That tiny shoulder pad is freaking adorable.	3
Just spitballing here, but im pretty sure he likes basketball. Really weird, i know.	3
He does look much better	3
I’ve reported her before I think that’s why she stopped pming me and started following my comment history instead.	5
“Start caring about Reddit downvotes” has to be the weirdest life advice I’ve received in years.	0
What a nice moment. Being in nature is super helpful to me for these moments :)	3
McDonalds without sauce is just sad... you take away my garlic mayo and my barbecue sauce and you take away my soul	4
I’m thinking it’s from when she was abused when she was pregnant and lost the baby.	4
That's if you make the smallest payments possible, but if you just need to float a payment, then they will work.	3
They’re so angry!	0
I can feel that man's feelings and I'm crying	4
I took a picture of a farmer treating his crops with roundup yesterday.. it was horrifying	2
That one pesky drop of water was in it for the long haul.	0
I wish it was only -25. -45 where i am.	3
kill me. lifes meaningless bc of this	4
biological gender isn't real. it's biological sex. do some research	0
Excuse me, I hate to bother you but could you please inform me what you find so aggravating about sea Lions?	5
My experience has been the opposite. Younger guys are sweeter and try harder- without trying to wife me down. We just have fun together	3
Write a reply by all means, but be gentle and respectful.	3
I really felt for this mother. You could tell how frustrated and exasperated she was. Glad she was there to stand up for her kids.	4
The cringe is just beautiful	3
You lost me again, I don't know what sex selective imprinting is. Let's not get off track. Still waiting on definition.	5
Victimless crime? Fuck you! Sounds like your unrepentant for being a crippling alchoholic.	0
My response would have been, If [NAME] sees me as unworthy, then I do believe that [NAME] would have more use for my tithings.	3
Yea the conversation went as expected and now I'm looking for a new job. Thanks to all for the help	3
It's annoying. You always gotta give the other guy a chance. That's how MMA works	0
Thank you anyway! I’m 30 and I don’t get a lot of these things.	3
Saw that on Scrubs, love that show.	3
Yeah, but the sound of a fork against the stainless would be absolutely unbearable.	0
There is a huge hormone dump around 48-72 hours after birth. Totally normal. Take care of yourself, eat well, and get some rest.	3
"I saw these in a cart and I was so confused why the tennis balls were so small...then I noticed the word ""gum""."	5
Some people enjoy their music and their fans for the sake of others opinions.	3
Yeah my guess at this point is either a 2 year bridge or 8x8.	5
Jeez. I don't understand how anyone thinks that's an acceptable way to treat another person, especially their spouse or partner.	5
I love you	3
< video does a good job explaining push/pull.	3
I would give r/momforaminute a visit, the people over there are fantastic and I think they can give you some comfort	3
Just woke up from one. Glad to know it's not just me. Hope you have a good return!	3
That's really interesting.	3
I forgot it’s Saturday r/trees :) If you read the rules you get this	5
Yes!! Im always horny when I am with my BF, but right around ovulation, I am super horny!	3
Happy New Year everyone! It’s 11:42 in CA 2019’s almost here	3
Don't hold your breath!	0
Wait u went to a hooker? I thought it was a massage person that was attracted to you	5
I don't believe you, but even if that were true it still harms nobody	0
They just shot up a mall. They’re complete fucking idiots.	0
Every time I see this it makes me so happy.	3
... the eagle was chosen as the emblem of US in 1782. How are your timelines this messed up?	5
I hate that myself	0
It was weird indeed, but I liked it too! (Maybe because I’m a musicals geek).	3
Good job, white truck! Don't use the damn shoulder to pass!	3
Konami?! They havent made a relevant or decent game since the 90s.	0
Pretty much lol	3
It may have been funny in 2010, but now it's completely unorginal and boring.	0
Kinda reminds me of Arctic Monkeys' 'Favourite Worst Nightmare' cover art	5
Oh, sorry	4
Are you being sarcastic for good news? lol	5
Imagine being born in 1987 and not having been invited to a party since your friend's birthday party in 1999 though :(	4
Good lord [NAME], just don’t buy it	3
>I think any progressive would be against laws that force anyone to say anything. You thought wrong.	0
wow great news . happy for him	3
Yay!!! Finally the fix we're all looking for after hours of endless scrolling.	3
This joke is disgusting and offensive. Dictionaries don't contain proper nouns!	1
You all are looking at this guy reading this book, but ARE YOU SEEING HOW HAIRY THIS GUYS ARM IS?!?	5
Nice try FBI.	3
The worst part is that neither party appears to have learned anything from this dumpster fire.	5
Lol what boyfriend	3
You are forgetting driving. Somehow the law is full of examples of this double standard.	0
Because Warlord actually has NO moveset at all and is literally the most boring videogame char to play.	0
If it’s weed I’m going to be disappointed. Can’t we all just go to the store and get it?	4
You were so close.	3
I'm not your buddy, friend. Btw, enjoy the rumble you nice dude.	3
I hope you're pregnant, I'm not doing this anymore... Gx	3
Oh no, her eyebrows	1
Good luck my friend!	3
I'm more than sure we [NAME] lovers feel the same way, her outfits are awful	1
I want to know them - so I can actually murder them. (With words, that is.)	0
It's a miracle! This is how religions start.	3
Yes, I filed for a protective order. Other than that, there is no happy ending with a narc.	3
Then keep your hands visible and fight the ticket in court. Don’t understand how this is such a complex issue.	0
All that interesting information and you get 3 upvotes , feels bad man	4
lmao im am using ALL of this money to pay my student loans! and starting with a $100 again, see if ill do it again :)	3
Good luck!	3
I have trouble even remembering what true happiness feels like	4
I hate that you've forced me to deal with a reality I've been blissfully ignoring.	0
Tell that to r/Polygrumps (very *VERY* NSFW) dude. They scare me more than this sub.	2
I just want to know how he got all that ice out of his bin	5
"""I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself."" Thank you [NAME]. "	3
The opposition need to come together, for the meanwhile, and put their differences aside and attack the real enemy, not each other.	5
I was guessing because you can use the HVAC in a Prius without running the engine. They're good vehicles to live in for that reason	3
Thanks, but I am most certainly broken.	3
That government was not democratically elected. But you knew that already.	0
[NAME] is a terrible writer, a raging narcissist, and not an actual friend to anyone.	1
also Appendix: i will explode whenever i feel like it to cause you pain	0
I’m that skinny and have so much trouble gaining weight	4
Have you found any of the students with you have common interests?	5
I now know what taking acid would feel like	5
I really like [NAME]. He has such a great personality and has great chemistry with the team.	3
EEEW as a strong manly man why would want any of that ^(^just ^push ^it ^down, ^push ^it ^down)	5
Unfortunately it isn’t available in my location. But thank you for trying to help me ☺️	3
Ok cheers. I’m banned from there	3
If you had to think of a way to survive this how the hell would you. Damn	0
And in the worst fashion possible.	1
I absolutely love how you can't read what's in yellow somehow it perfects this cringe	3
Directly tell me why you felt the need to threaten my life.	0
Wow, time to talk to the [NAME] about a FPTP alternative.	5
It's probably because your posts are extremely dumb and bigoted	0
Ah, as a fanatical supporter of the Alliance I've not done any of the Horde content, thanks for letting me know	3
lol that was just bad, [NAME]	3
I agree. She's a terrible model. I tried to get on board with her, but all her editorials in Vogue were so flat.	3
Thanks I needed that.	3
Reading this reminds me of the witch hunt scene in Holy Grail. Thanks Daily Beast!	3
It’s a substitute teacher. She should know to stay in her lane.	0
Awesome me too, can't wait.	3
[NAME] has filled a speech bubble with savage roasts, froze it, and bashed [NAME] over the head with it. [NAME] has fucking died.	0
This explains the recent uptick in bots.	5
[NAME] done fucked up.	0
I liked the slug :(	3
Hahaha, they are so lost	3
Much thanks!	3
You shut your mouth. shut it right now. *sobbing uncontrollably*	0
I’d love that luxury of time.	3
Oh boy this aged poorly	4
Oh my [NAME] that's so satisfying	3
You are right.. There something to be said after banging both your mom and gf while they are on the rages.	3
I’d tell her nothing, that freaking weirdo would just never see my kid. The End. Disgusting.	1
"Thank you for the tip. I've added it to my ""to read"" list."	3
Ugh thank you everyone 😭❤️	3
I love the enthusiasm inherent in the scream. I never saw anything wrong with it. Not to mention the most innocent, innocuous dancing video ever.	3
My girl [NAME]. She deserves the world.	3
Happy cake 🎂 day!	3
Agreed, even better	3
I kiss the shade all dude. His username was trewdat. I miss that guy.	4
Their Cinnamon Chip Bread is also quite good.	3
Always funny how one's income has to pay for others expensive lifestyles ;)	3
Woah, how manly.	3
Try reading up. Not going to play these stupid games with a butt hurt Meltzer fan boy.	0
No! Your the dumbass for leaving the keys in the car! Again DUMBASS!!!!!	0
Love the way his body just folds after the final smack on his head *oof*	3
Downside of city based police. State level policing is where it's at. Problem on the Gold Coast? Send police from Brisbane.	3
"PR is more than just ""optics"". It ain't a new term either. "	0
That might be the prettiest shot I've ever seen [NAME] make.	3
You can't be serious	0
This helped me when I was in my worst mental state. I'm glad	3
OP literally said guys like [NAME] are not unicorns and not hard to find. They never said [NAME] was the ultimate standard lol	3
Not at all! It’s my pleasure	3
Being so gullible is the frightening part. durr da durr he downvote me	2
very psychiatric of you nul points from me but the whole of reddit will be proud!	3
lmao she WHAT	3
Well, [NAME] definitely a better actor but [NAME] seems like a better match for [NAME]	3
What happened when [NAME] shutdown the government?	5
Empire was extremely popular at first. I think it gradually got worse after season 2. Those first two seasons were great though.	3
It's in my top 3 songs, with heard em say, and through the wire. Such great tracks	3
Baby mama was a comedy about this- but with a much happier ending	3
account got suspended lmao	3
[NAME] what an asshole.	0
It's vodka/tonic time for me buddy! I'm off work!!!! Hope all yaw be safe and have a great night!	3
ah fuck. From xbox to zullily? seriously!?	5
Congrats on approaching the situation with logic unlike most everyone else	3
So she goes to her little boy instead of doctor, I hope?...	3
Oh shit right. I forgot about that wonderfully horrible fact haha.	3
Oh interesting. I must have got in a while ago.	3
Even today, many years later that still gives me chills. RIP.	4
Happy cake day bot!!	3
That is an awesome idea and execution. Also a great example of an actual free market system working right.	3
You're not wrong	3
nope. not hers.	0
what's wrong with this guy's nose	5
Those are some nice guns	3
I would be unfulfilled and unhappy. I enjoy meat, thankfully I own my own plot of land and can hunt on it at will.	3
I watched a really bad horror movie she starred in but I think it predated VPR.	2
Ohhhh Thank you! I just found them!	3
Wasnt meant to be rude at all.. more like that everything is going to be alright soon	3
Saw this yesterday and it's way funnier with the whole joke spoiled by the /r/bestof title, for sure.	3
Religion is absolutely a problem. But to say the left doesn't have its own analogues is ridiculous.	3
Have you ever brought up your concern before? I understand if that is the only issue but if it doesn't change it could fester.	5
No hate TGR I love you	3
Hmmm to click or not to click... well goodbye SFW	5
Just added that information. Thanks	3
Wow I didn't know it changed your face so it doesn't break rule 1 and 2? /s	5
Haha. You are crazy. The world, and reddit world is filled with crazies and weirdos. You are a brave, brave soul.	3
[NAME] engagement photo shoot This is the best she has ever looked in my opinion. HAWT!	3
Haven't been able to watch tonight and just saw the score. What is happening?!	5
Wow!! very funny	3
im in love with this comment	3
Doesnt the bible have lovely passages about stoning hereticals as well? Moderate [NAME] are probably more common than you think.	5
Cursed image.	0
Well if you're moving to Dallas, it's basically the same thing as Oklahoma and California combined. You're totally safe there!	3
"""Welcome to the hydraulic press channel.."""	3
No, lots of people in that area do that. Hire someone to do your taxes because it'll be a nightmare and so will your commute	0
Is that even a debate anymore?	5
Oooo she has a crush on you that’s embarrassing!	4
Yes [NAME] are authoritarian. That’s why they’re always the ones advocating for bigger government and more government control over everything.	3
Good point. Personhood isn't officially granted until you become property/ a bond of the state.	0
I’m laughing more that I feel I should st this but I just lost my leg so...	3
Oh well, you can thank all the illegals coming into America illegally for that one.	3
I... uh... oh dear... ummm.... Please tell me you’re indulging 19th century race theory ironically.	5
I love you and your love for your dogs. You matter, and I hope that you're able to access and find treatment to improve your life.	3
That was jarring indeed. But why he wearing a mask?!?!?!	5
For me it’s the complete opposite. Complete dread in the morning and usually more hopeful in the evening.	3
Lol I get it	3
Gotcha. I'll do a little Google-fu and see what comes up. Thanks anyway!	3
genuinely surprised me, 0	5
Wendy’s sauce I hope lol	3
I agree. It seems the recruiter is a poor communicator and I think that is where some of my apprehension is coming from.	3
Is that the one that accuses [NAME] and [NAME] Rector as well?	5
no one loves me	4
We also turned the ball over about a million and 3 times. I'm over it honestly	3
I did not downvote Mate :) In fact I just gave you two upvotes :) Cheers :)	3
You’re absolutely right, I’m 61 and shouldn’t be at all surprised by the arrogance that ignorance can generate.	3
I appreciate you taking the time to at least justify your reasoning but I still very much disagree.	0
I have two and nothing has ever happened to me. The media doesn't want you to show your support because they want supporters to feel isolated.	0
I’m getting visions of bitcoin private all over again. Good luck guys.	3
I think only time will heal this pain that I’m going through. I hope I get over him soon, especially before school starts!!!	3
Definitely not lol You could probably find a better boogyman than that	3
Thank you! Does anyone actually if you'll be able to buy this (outside of Japan)?	3
Truth never changes. Maybe it's questionable to you, but...	3
Don't ask women for dating advice unless you are a woman. The answers you get will do you no good.	0
Raw, unfiltered athleticism...whoops wrong player *puts down [NAME] player card* A real hard worker...could date the coach's daughter	3
I'm very glad too. She has been with me for twenty years now, so basically all my life.	3
very long very messy i usually have it in a bun to keep it under control lol	3
Oh cannot do anything ... click pass so much fun:) Not yet pass all 3 lanes :)	3
Yes it is child abuse. It’s sexist too.	3
Keep spreading the word fellas. Wishing you all a great 2019, love you guys and the whole community.	3
I'll Google it, thanks again!	3
She probably knows but is ignoring it. Lol	3
U would be right. Oh yeah yeah	3
I watched a video about fake makeup having rat piss in it. No thank you	1
"""Then you leave me no choice but to call the police and have you charged with petty larceny""."	0
No I mean those long winded nonsensical blabbering. Like the one with 300 confirmed kills, gorilla warfare. It is usually just to troll or annoy.	0
It is his welcome, he can do with it as he wishes. Your misunderstanding is forgiven.	3
Oh the irony of the sweater she's wearing.	0
Also it looks like this person might have a mustache. They look like they shaved their upper lip kind of mustache. I'm very confused.	5
Welcome to non union states!	3
Wow. This would suck	3
"I still have no idea what ""died three times"" means..."	5
Why am I gonna do? Stop the ant? I’m scared of him too	2
Oh you're referencing my reply to another comment? I was mad at low effort comments and people who can't comprehend a simple point.	5
I’m so sorry to hear that! 😂😂😂	4
You are saying toxic people try to be the victim by calling you toxic.	0
I'm fairly sure alpro have what you're looking for	3
Your 17. End of conversation. You don’t love him	0
That looks amazing	3
Thank you, brother.	3
There are [NAME] fans on this subreddit. Awesome	3
Imagine that rattle.. all the way back to Michigan. Enough to drive you mad	3
It sure is! Thank you!!	3
Wow guns and ignorance. What else is wrong with her?	0
I perform nostril waxing. It is surprising hardly painful at all. Feels so much better too!	5
Easy, stop men from fucking them. Cant be a slut if no one fucking ya right?	0
[NAME] was a pleasant surprise. It might be something you'll enjoy.	5
My fav time to walk around the city. Everything looks nicer to me.	3
"Agreed. If anyone was ""murdered by words"" it was all the posts, including the top posts that make [NAME] look like an idiot."	3
Sounds good ya I'll have to listen to those. Thanks	3
Ahhhh [NAME], you’ve done it again.	3
Yep. Tough week for [NAME]. Not shooting well, first ejection and fine, ripping out jerseys, first triple double and the DSJ drama.	4
I don't think pairing [NAME] and [NAME] again is that bad an idea. Also love the [NAME] idea.	3
and everyone else is worried about themselves not paying attention to you	2
I don’t get it. Does r/sardonicast actually believe that BP is highly overrated?	5
He said some facts and you accused him for being 50c. From his tone you can't even tell he's a supporter of CPC.	0
Breaking news, husband borrows wife's car and should lose their job because of this	5
Wow, that was insane	5
That must be it? Or that people buy carbon dioxide as plant food? I'm terrible at science and even I know it's not that simple	5
Doesn't change the fact that they shadowbanned a subreddit. Just because YOU think it's stupid doesn't make that ok.	0
It’s nice to know that no one cares enough to send me either.	4
100%. Do NOT order from there. I have the same story. Don’t post that place on reddit anymore. They’re a scam	0
No worries! But I figure the written recipe should be handy for some folks.	3
“Why are you complaining, every team would’ve signed this guy”	0
My birthday is in March, so that MK11 Beta access is also going to be awesome.	3
I mean... it's horrible and all, but isn't it also a record high every year..?	5
I was scared of my room and even when I fell asleep in my bed I would sleep walk into my mom's room	2
"How about ""Your rich, you should use some of your wealth to seek professional help. I wish you the best of luck."""	3
My bad sorry, what I meant to say is ‘for our winning season’ not ‘in our’.	4
Yes! It's hard to believe that some people like warm toilet seats enough to pay for it as a feature.	3
Now all I’m imaging is [NAME] casted in the American pie movies as [NAME]. Thank you for this memory.	3
You really going to claim our foreign policy is equivalent to that of Iran and Russia?	5
Oh [NAME]. someone finally posted something I can't bring myself to finish reading, it's too much	5
Sexual frustration.	0
So excited for the mauve album	3
I am sure the men here who have Career [NAME] and Supermodel [NAME] fighting over him will appreciate this sage advice.	3
Edit: I realized I dont want my story publicized. Sorry yall. Too personal for me	5
YES FUCK THE LEAFS. MAY THEY CONTINUE TO CHOKE IN THE POST SEASON.	0
I will try to pay better attention. Its definatly not just ambient noise. I think you might be on to something with the packages.	3
I thought I could handle it but I was wrong. Good [NAME] was I wrong.	4
Walmart is a special kind of hell.	0
Your husband sounds both smart and kind. Good for you. (says she with a big smile)	3
At least it's decent pay. Lol.	3
I don’t think it was a freestyle? So not really comparable?	5
Was against Cal but yeah [NAME] had a cannon of a leg but was very inaccurate Also had terrible hair	0
Thanks for the breakdown [NAME].	3
Nailed it! I'm sorry you've had to deal with it. This whole mess sounds awful.	4
omg i cant believe that nifty is still a thing	5
Thanks for this detailed response, it's given me a good understanding of what I am dealing with	3
Fact: violins don't make music. And if you think they do, you're stupid.	0
You're an odd fellow, [NAME], but you steam a good ham.	3
Yeah, somebody needs to seek counseling immediately.	3
Yet I still feel lonely doing it...	4
I did too. A shame, because it looks to be a good movie otherwise.	4
Glad you got to see a good one!	3
Underrated joke... haha	3
Please don’t murder me	2
Agreed. 52k isn’t a high paying job, it’s average. He probably is just irresponsible with his money.	3
This world doesn't deserve baby sloths!	0
I understand why she is an ex now.	5
Oh sweet! I'm a bit farther but go into the city all the time. I'm around 50 min by train.	3
Haha, that’s meeee!	3
Yeah...itd make people's lives easier if I was dead but didn't work out so here we are	3
I tried doing this for my son but he was afraid of it.	2
oml I’m so sorry OP for all that	4
Imagine making a homophobic joke when your name is /u/Lebronlover23 OOF.	3
At the discretion of NI, which is currently lacking any Assembly or proper representation. Good luck with that.	3
Sort of a joke, but there are many reasons. DW says engineer jokes are not funny.	0
Look at it this way: it's the Millennium Falcon, everyone still loves it. It's part of it's charm.	3
You have great points. !delta	3
“I genuinely don’t want to lose you I love having you there for me” says it all really	3
That is incredibly disheartening.	4
> spending money I think you meant earning. Or they actually spent the money on the way home lol.	3
Seattle has both, and is building a huge extension to the existing light rail system. Traffic is still absolutely fucked.	0
Sorry, didn't realise I had to mollycoddle your feefees.	4
No she does not, not alone and not during sex(sadly)	4
[NAME] doesn’t use reddit, but I’ll bring it up with her. She might find some good support there. Cheers!	3
Cool post. I just wish the game had more enemies besides just the spartan and athens army (like harpies, giant snakes, something like that).	3
I had so many bad Supercuts haircuts that I cringe when I look at the place and go to a fancy schmancy salon exclusively.	0
I agree with this statement	3
Im glad you took that step. Sometimes its really hard making that decision, but im glad you didnt force yourself to be miserable	3
It's not like UK monetary policy massively diverges from the Euro	0
The last three words any redditor wants to hear lmao	3
Seeing something as beautiful as this just made my day today! Thanks for sharing :)	3
The people you know have silly opinions. Its their best album since black holes.	3
*Bud Light presents...real men of genius. 🎶 Mr Take Your Cat Up Tiger Mountain On Your Shooooulderrrrr* 🎶	3
> It's upsetting. What can be done? We'll have to take it to the high courts, let them decide!	4
Oh shit, yeah that's definitely shady.	0
I also got this on a different account, but I have no clue why! Does anyone know?	5
"I figured this story would end with her screaming, ""I DON'T CARE WHO YOU ARE... THIS IS A CAR.. TAKE ME HOME!!!"""	0
LOL, I suppose so. All I'm saying is that... you can have a person and make them appealing too.	3
Yeah he does give intense and memorable performances. He didn't get to speak in Mad Max for like half an hour but he was still riveting.	3
No way we would turn down [NAME] for [NAME]. BS	0
Maybe one day but I am very cultured*	3
French fried when he should have pizza'd and had a bad time.	4
I really enjoy my job but I get paid $62k I don't know if that's considered high paying but it's plenty for me.	3
What’s wrong with this	0
They make money to sit and talk to you there's no reason to feel like a burdon cause it's legit their job.	0
Surprised they aren't already doing this kind of stuff for Zion.	5
What do you mean?	5
I love this idea	3
That’d be amazing	3
She's so cute! Give her all the huggles	3
omg [NAME] is so pretty	3
And it keeps rumbling... now we know why no one had gone to jail yet!	5
This is horrific	2
I got to see some fish at a science museum not long ago and it really brightened my day, too.	3
This is why I clean my belly button every day. That’s disgusting	1
> If it was a nationalist reaction to globalism, it was English nationalism, not British. This was and is discussed way too little.	0
If you wanna spend thousands for every piece of furniture then sure but a lot of people don’t have the budget for this.	0
I hope you are getting your levels tested! You can do some damage to yourself if they're too high.	3
I see you've bought into the utter fantasy of UK house price fake news The average semi detached house price is £227,912	5
good start [NAME]. MORE! MORE TRADES! GET WHAT YOU CAN! SELL, SELL, SELL! #BurnItDown #NobodyIsSafe #ShapeUpOrShipOut	3
Yeah I just googled that, I still wouldn't call them my favourite restaurant but its cheap!	0
Same, there was no thanks or consideration that they’d just given her the ‘night off’.	4
That’s really cool! How did you do this?	3
I would make that face too if I just realized I was HC of the New York Jets	5
I hope so too, she deserves it.	3
So many of Pokimane’s fans are creepy 30+ year olds. I feel so bad for her.	4
Eastern European here. Very cool! We’re really all the same.	3
I would love to see an [NAME] cosplay!	3
I love my audio technica AR3BT	3
Kill him the sinner	0
Alas, Windows, so I'll go a-hunting. Thanks for the info, though!	3
Ahaha, a Jersey driver calling other drivers awful... that's adorable.	3
Cafe hopping today! At the third one now. Might be too much coffee for me in one span though.	3
Thank you for this. It sums up exactly what I wish I could send to all my TBM family	3
Yeah I've been finding it so hard to not eat everything in sight since Christmas. I'm still staying under my TDEE, but I feel nasty.	1
I still don’t understand what did [NAME] do? Lol	3
"I work at a salon and we have a ""no kids unless it's their appointment"" rule. It's amazing."	3
I made a severe and continuous lapse of judgement....	4
"Now you ruined the surprise!"""	0
[NAME] shitting the bed like a 4 year old with diarrhea	2
Omg I’d happily live in Cape Town instead of the US!! It’s literally one of my favorite cities on earth!!	3
I'd assume that the player is on the list as the king sense losing a king is losing the game, right?	5
What is he doing here without [NAME]?!	5
Sad/Sweet for her to put in the effort to fake it!	4
If it's not too late, I'd love to have one of the binders!	3
ALFBRUSHJANSBYSY SUCH A GOOD DOGGO	3
Thanks!	3
Over in r/texas we are coming up with slogans to ecourage people to switch to renewable.	3
I doubt [NAME] could do make up as well as a drag queen. He's not really good at anything.	0
I just don't want to see them shame themselves, and actually show their worth and virtue instead of showing themsleves to be a walking sexual object	4
I stuck a bit of glass up there. It was a pane in the ass.	4
[NAME] has turned into one of the NBA's great actors	3
That is genius.	3
Your not winning their hearts, your just torturing them and they end up hating you.	0
This type of discussion is exactly what I came to r/medicine for. Thanks guys!	3
I like your style.	3
Icing on a cake of sadness.	4
That’s great, thanks for the reply and info.	3
Ok that was a rude way to send him off. Can I have hot doctors again	4
I wouldnt mind seeig a few rushes with that NFL overhead cam.	3
> appreciation and celebrations From the sidebar: > For **anything** about the YouTube gaming channel Game Grumps	3
The Japanese and the British can do it well, but they probably get like 10x the funding per capita.	3
ooh boy that guy went off the deep end and drowned	4
Losing to cruz azul smh	4
Ah that's so cool!!	3
I remember a countdown for when the [NAME] twins turned 18 too. Thought it was pretty gross.	0
Because we didnt have two top 5 players on the team so the bench needed to be great	3
Nice of you to jump in for no reason, very cool.	3
That's cool! That's definitely one way to look at itl	3
That sucks Crescent City, I hope you get the guys....	3
When it’s read this way it’s way more badass. The way people normally quote it just sounds stupid.	1
Was your father a member? Or did you save a member? :o (very cool!)	5
Thanks for looking out but we will take our chances with this grave danger.	3
I was hoping this would be a case of r/maliciouscompliance It was close.	3
You're dad's favorite? No fair!	5
He’s better than [NAME].	3
I eagerly await [NAME] rush meta. >=)	3
“Okay [NAME] you’re doing great I love you. Later can I have some pets”	3
Just make a better game looool 4Head You shouldn't worry about valve stop working on artifact, at least for a year	3
Thank you, I've been looking for this forever.	3
Yes. He was. Fuck off with your bullshit double standards.	0
She went on a PR tour in Syria and met with him. I think it’s fair to say she’s pro-Assad.	3
Abstaining is dumb, she should’ve voted no	0
Holy shit.	0
It's the number one reason I refuse to exercise.	0
Lol. I was fan of that show and that line prior to becoming a fan of Arsenal and recently put the 2 together.	3
This meme describes how I feel about 2018 pretty accurately. Cheers to a golden 2019!	3
Ok, I guess I gotta show some commitment, thanks!	3
She got more votes tho... If popular vote determined the winner, you wouldn't say this. You sound like you just hate [NAME] for... reasons?	5
[NAME] is an arrogant schmuk but he’s good at what he does.	3
I mean, those are all true for people that aren't pregnant too aside from the swelling.	3
Oof, that was efficient	3
They will. The White House gave credit yeste day to Russia and Syria and saod they will finish the fight against ISIL.	3
[NAME] fuckin sucks	1
Gonna be at the game! Let's get this win boys!	3
😂😂 she really is. I can’t stop laughing. She’s a fruit loop!	3
In heaven that's the only thing that's going on. All the angels and human souls sing [NAME] praises forever.	3
[NAME] as if he wouldn't just cut the bullet in half	3
It’s sad that some parents can’t accept some simple mistakes.	4
I am so excited to vote for him! [NAME]	3
That sounds simple and good	3
I'm scared that they would turn out like me, even if I tried really hard to make them nice.	2
Those women's marches are honestly embarrasing. Most of the people there only seem to claim to be a feminist because it's trendy.	4
You would LOVE this big mutt. He's a doll.	3
> I'm genuinely curious Sure.	5
$100 says your boyfriend is miserable.	4
Your sacrifice will be remembered.	3
Don't do that i think its dangerous	2
Yeah that's what I meant but I wrote it stupidly. Did you start with really low weight? Like really low?	0
this is so sad Alexa play despacito	4
Thank you for being proud of me!	3
How is it racist? I fail to see how.	5
For the love of [NAME] do not ever link that again	3
"""Fake neeeeeews !"""	0
NFL level catch	3
I am annoyed by autoplay they added on hover - and commercials would make me drop the subscription instantly.	0
Good job...	3
oh okay gotcha! i was really baffled at that lol	3
so kids never go into a locker room and see adults nude?? i cant believe everyone is condemning this. this is nothing.	0
Nobody has been banned lol	3
Sir that is a popular opinion. I'm too afraid of what sort of trade will happen to want one.	2
You shifty leafs were too nice. Something had to be up.	3
You need HELP!	3
I’m surprised it was uploaded today, especially since he uploaded a video just a few hours ago	5
-_- GOOD FOR YOU.	3
Reminds me of Ross Lake WA	5
They do it way more often than you do and they give even less of a fuck. It's normal.	0
Damn it.	0
I actually enjoy watching this while eating	3
But the alt right love him! /s	3
I miss SFist's Apartment Sadness column.	4
Most of us think it’s just a conditioning thing right now, but we don’t really know	0
Doing a good job getting Dell involved.	3
a must win game if we have any ambitions for 8th seed, even with [NAME]. any news on him & jsimms?	5
Hopefully never, both the result of truly dreadful storylines.	3
So ya gonna do a pat down or just trust the dude?	5
This. I relate to this. So much. Almost too much.	3
I’m more worried about the dude getting pissed all over my shoes	2
> I hate how much I care. My feelings exactly.	0
😂😂👸👸👏🙌👏🙌❤❤❤💥💥👑👑💎💎💯💯♀️♀️♀️ Now that's emoji game on point.	3
you just use the word weird like that's all there is to it. weird isn't the issue. the issue is garbage	1
Burn it! er uh give it to your priest to burn it!	0
The article was about LEGAL delivery, you big dummy. I too love when people without knowledge of a situation respond like they know what’s what.	0
How dare you disrespect [NAME].	0
Lol they’re in for a big surprise.. does anyone know how TIMs will actually age?	3
ah, ok! i'm afraid i do, i just didn't realise that's what it meant (so old i am going stupid....)	2
Because it was funny and people liked it. They otherwise do a pretty job of preventing memery	3
"Or more aptly ""OHHHHH FUUUUUuuuck"" As you see me run away."	0
This guy's an idiot lol	3
I can't afford what I want. What now?	5
stop hurting my feelings	4
Just watching this happen upsets me ~_~	4
It was his time, even though I'm not complaining about how [NAME] should be avoided. thank you very much!	3
Thanks again.	3
Guys, are you really sure those are men?	5
[NAME] man hope your luck changes soon. I’m sure they’ll patch it up in the future	3
Society has once again falsely made men look cold and emotionless. You're normal.	0
Pretty	3
Hopefully it helps you keep your emotions in check rather than letting others control you, [NAME].	3
Show him how hilarious season 1 and 2 of Family Guy is. Then show him how incredibly stupid the rest of the series is.	0
Theres the link I use you stupid fuck get the fuck off my post you fucking shill	0
thank you! This is what I thought she said as well	3
A man of fine taste!	3
>Not all 70% of the filthy [NAME] money is gonna be taken. ...unfortunately.	0
I know they're probobly not good but I love charged hadoken into vskill combos/mixups. It makes her fireball more interesting than just a zoning tool.	3
For some reason I'm imagining a hauty, French snorting laugh.	3
For the love of [NAME] stop making him relevant. Please.	0
Yeah that’s a bit odd, wouldn’t be surprised to see that change come gametime unless [NAME] is shook or something.	5
[NAME] yer fucked.	0
I don’t think so honestly. He’s said I’m cute before last night. It wasn’t the first time.	0
Lol this match was like 1/3rd the time of what I expected	3
I'm painfully aware of that having bought a FreeSync monitor with my Nvidia graphics card.	4
I actually kinda like this bug because I like to get trippy	3
I hated him too, just keep watching. Every character has their own personal journey which is such an admirable aspect of this show.	0
we have a ghost who constantly knocks the ice bin off the top of the ice machine a few times a day everyday lol	3
please stop pointing your fingers in my face	0
Wow he wants people to donate so he can make a large profit off his atm? Lmao Good gig if you can get it I guess...	3
I’ve never heard of this website! Thanks for letting me know.	3
Oh damn it! I was just on my way to the post box	4
Ahh dammit I knew that was why I was getting the feels	5
Have you tried finding other communities to join? Now I know ex-[RELIGION] communities are not that common but just non-religious communities should be rather commen right?	5
Laughed. Out. Loud	3
My point is that they give him shit for legitimate reasons.	0
Shouldn't it be NAA?	5
can you give us a quick summary (no spoilers)?	5
OH [NAME] I CAN'T TELL ANYMORE!	0
Surprising you choose to believe things that aren’t true 🤔	5
Omw. When my man sends me that I get all warm and excited cuz I know I get to spends the next couple hours or days with him	3
I just don't like OP for not explaining it before using the abbreviation. So even though the TIFU was great I downvoted it.	3
How you ask? Simple answer, by voting.....or not hence the importance of voting	5
[NAME] is a madman and I love it.	3
Is it allowed be recast in other languages (like spanish)?	5
I just picked it back up after getting a pro controller for Christmas.. holy crap it's great!!	3
I played in the WSHL last year and this really isn’t a surprise. It’s crazy how unbalanced the competition is in that league	4
I’m wondering the same; something seems weird about that interpretation of the law	5
Withdrawal, psychic-shattering, and other activist groups, the principle is very sad.	4
Thank you so much!	3
Ugh gross. Don't suggest a PUA book to a kid.	0
I'm terrible sorry, /u/bookluvr83, but I'm afraid I must join up with the giving-you-crap-for-not-liking-brownies bandwagon. ^kidding ^^^kinda	2
What does adderrall do that makes you lose weight? Appetite suppressant?	5
Yeah, I'd definitely say you won this argument. Plenty of people love taking it up the bum and down the throat. Source. Am slut.	3
I’m sorry this happened to you. I’m glad you got out of it.	4
Also technically wrong, it would be last year but not a year ago.	0
I will definitely keep this is mind and thank you for the great comment!	3
Because it has rough areas. Which near enough every city/town in the central belt has.	3
Shouldnt you be attacking immigrants on the trains about now [NAME]?	5
Well good luck if you yourself help with that, i'm out of here, i can't be bothered fighting with USSR stans.	3
What the actual fuck?	0
did she actually drive one of those to school? my doubting-ass would've checked thru the windows to see what she left in.	5
Thanks dude! I do best with the ice, swat and maddox	3
"Some do, others say ""Thanks""..."	3
I explained exactly why they’re authoritarian. Businesses are literal plutocracies.	3
good cause i don’t want it!! haha.	3
Interesting, but I can't imagine it will be there long until someone steals or destroys it.	5
Thank you!	3
Thank you so much.	3
Yeah its too bad that there was someone at a university who wanted to research this and he got shut down.	4
Reality is often disappointing	4
Do you fucken mind	0
Pay couples to have kids. I'm not sure if the incentives apply to single moms.	5
I'm glad to see I'm not the only one who snorted at it!	3
u/-adamsmith perfect troll account name, but at least he united all of r/MLS. Thanks for teaming up, everyone.	3
I wish I could be as cute as that :c	3
wasn't aware of that sub, and wow ... that's one crazy racist cesspool!	5
So glad she died	4
[NAME] endorsed [NAME], for one epic fail in that regard. I prefer to make my own informed judgement call, thank you very much	3
That sounds a little paranoid	2
Ah, thank you :D	3
How so? Genuinely curious, I've yet to make a judgment here, as I'm not informed enough. Edit: typo	5
He was cut yesterday, unfortunately	4
This is amazing to think about and love that [NAME] is there. 10/10	3
Great idea! So he can get arrested or hospitalized or both.	3
Well damn wish I could use venom too.	3
I also love this decline in bch prices. Cheers.	3
I'm still confused about what a ginch is	5
Fascinating, can you please provide some more detail on the pre-KOOP origins of the phrase friend : )?	3
No you basically throwing him under the bus by posting him here.... fake natty suspicion 100%	0
> and [NAME] mentions that he's cold to the touch. you mean after he almost froze to dealth?	5
She has some really good dance moves honestly!	3
that day humanity received a grim reminder	2
Unless you're a conservative trying to protect yourself. In that case, good luck.	3
thats one proud daddy!	3
Missed opportunity to put [NAME]	4
Watch again. It's frosted white in the beginning and black (no window) after	3
happy to help	3
I haven't ever considered my dense moments could be hormonal! That sounds like something I'd do, haha.	3
"""Didn't know you can predict the future"""	5
I always loved fighting [NAME] in Arkham Origins, he was really fun to fight, I’m still mad they did him dirty in Arkham Knight	3
No, so it's not our kingdom	0
Honestly, it's a part of goth style to look unnatural/alien/ethereal.	3
I dont think it will happen cuz he will probs just stay in GS or go LA with/ against [NAME] but I do think he should look into it.	5
lol a milquetoast anarchist’s take on Marxism	3
God [NAME] is awful	1
But aren't they the only people? Also, that's a damn nice rack and it makes me feel kinda off. Idk why.	5
Gorgeous cats, poor babies	3
Nothing wrong with pasta or bread. Stop buying bleached flour products and get whole grain.	0
Why do people procreate, only to bring to earth a clone of themselves that's not attractive in any way.	5
Weird flex but okay	3
So can relate. Hot to the point I hated feeling good because it wouldn't last. Might as well enjoy the moment!	3
Nope. Sadly early 30s	4
3h late comment. have fun at school !	3
Do you have cash app?	5
I have a hunch that [NAME] is the mastermind of the whole operation.	3
I can see it, the wig/bodysuit is very kalorie but the makeup is still 100% India	3
Lmao this is hilarious not cringe	3
You’re ignorance would be excusable if you weren’t so douchey about it.	0
Lol it's a bit of both I think.	3
Nah, you’re pretty fucked given the amount of weed you smoke and the fact you’re planning on finishing your 1.5 grams before the test.	0
I hope your gaydar has leveled up enough to filter these out now	3
That’s beautiful	3
What a nice person helping the mentally disabled.	3
True! Remember the geocentric universe? Oh man, they even put [NAME] in jail. What a hoot!	5
This is the best thing I've ever seen on Reddit	3
I know!! That temp swing is going to be crazy. But thank [NAME]!!	3
British would annoy me more. Or being called British Isles	0
It's not his job to train you.	0
me, eating my sandwich, at 12:30 AM last night, after fasting all day.	3
one of them shotting 22lr if I recall? Heck most the worst used a pistol ether exclusively or with a shotty too	1
Thank you. I'm just so shocked that this is in Arizona. This looks like it belongs somewhere completely different.	3
Their album is awesome, too.	3
No, YOU’RE crying!!!!	4
Watch it in German but use English subtitles trust me	3
Wow, I had a cousin named [NAME] who ordered corn. Very nice lady, she died 2 years ago. Miss her xoxo	3
I also thought he was a she at first. Lol	3
Rip time wasted editing, its a shame that not many other people saw this	4
Happy cake day man	3
Leave me alone :(	4
I'd be ok with this former Israeli IDF general.	3
I’m sorry	4
You could weigh even more than 152 at 10% 6 ft tall! But yes, that is the goal physique for many gym rats.	3
[NAME]! You made me the happiest girl that could eva be!	3
Dont worry guys, its all sanitary. He hit the wrench with some WD40 before he started.	3
Would the OP care to explain what the thought was behind posting this here? A warning for justification for potential upcoming gun-control responses?	5
Is that too bad though?	5
I feel with him...	3
Always down for some Liverpool love	3
This comment is fucking cringey lol why the fuck do you talk like that	0
Nah, I like that they come here and tell on themselves.	0
He is so boring ....	0
Sweet, [NAME] 1 I assume?	5
"Oh, the ""Thomas the nuclear bomb""? That scarred me."	2
Are you serious?	5
I mean maybe I did too but as you said it was a decade ago or more.	5
[NAME], she really is my least favorite queen I drag race history. Boring, try-hard, and busted makeup.	4
Oh [NAME], tell me more I'm almost there..	5
I hope Thier friends now	3
I'm glad I decided to watch this. Intense, entertaining football with an expert demonstration of how-not-to-use-VAR thrown in for free.	3
Day one of new job official duties on the books. I survived! One day down, 35 years to go... :]	3
My heart is broken for this woman... I really hope she finds the strength to leave him	3
Meh, same branch of religion. Just opposing views on the sequel to the story.	0
What kind of soup? Hopefully he is okay. =D	3
depending on his age there might still be hope. brain development supposedly stops around age 25 so if he gets ample simulation and nutrients perhaps there can be hope	3
"It makes for awkward conversation when I ask ""What's your favorite song?"" And I get ""I just liked the shirt"" in response"	4
More like 11 feet up, but still painful.	4
I’m sorry, I don’t hear the excuses for harden post season success after he blew two 17 point leads in G6/7.	0
The forgotten [NAME]? He's pretty good on the Flash as [NAME].	3
I’m already close to 50. It should be getting really interesting about the time I die.	5
I thought this was going to be a fierce, competitive game... how wrong I was.	4
Woah... I'm shortsighted and I can get 2 pairs of glasses for €149. $500 is insane!	4
Love it.	3
doesn’t QCX work with them ?	5
No... that's literally our first rule.	0
Surprised there isn’t more of this lol	5
This was so helpful! Thank you. I really needed to hear something inspiring for once, instead of just hearing that I’m not doing enough.	3
Well, I bought cheese when I went, and was shocked at the great variety and lower prices. That probably skewed my view.	5
I hope thats true.	3
It’s amazing what can happen when they get a good nights sleep	3
Thank you for your time and effort! I'm going to actively focus on enabling my Rein and tracking enemy ults.	3
> [NAME] is a religion, not a race. In the Holocaust, did the NAZI's commit genocide against a religion? or a race of people?	5
Same. All other map on OG with SSD were fine. [NAME] drops and it's terrible.	1
I once looked for my phone with my phone flash light	4
You’re right :(	3
Oh to find someone who loves you enough to put a blanket over you when you’re sleepy. That’s the dream.	3
That'd be amazing! Heard about Newington's reno not long ago. Need to get over there.	3
You're right :) It's not all about aim though Anyways, [NAME] hard to hit lol D:	3
If [NAME] doesn't drop a [NAME] tribute tonight in his intro I'm going to be hella disappointed.	4
[NAME] supporters don’t see it as offensive.	0
Wish my life was this easy :’) Lets just hope she didn’t kill you	3
Thank you my friend	3
I wish it were. It would be funny to imply that [NAME] won [NAME] shirt!	3
I am. But I presume you are gonna tell me I'm wrong because it doesn't line up with your experiences - whatever.	0
You have social anxiety go see a doctor	3
Whiskey isn't going to help. She should pray to [NAME] that another man comes and brings purpose to her life.	3
I can barely remember when it was even possible to find shit that horrible	0
Hey, I’ve learnt something here today, so thanks!	3
And once NYC is finally underwater, ALBANY SHALL RISE!!! MORE COAL FOR THE FIRE JETHRO, OUR DESTINY AWAITS!!!	3
You're gullible enough to believe them.	0
I started the Kitty City Meowboys and I do those things. I have a mic but I don't use it because talking exhausts me	0
I love it. I love those melts they do that are croissants inside out and toasted	3
I call bullshit on this anon said they were “walking” ... you know they were in the scooter cart.	0
Me, it's too cute for words.	3
I'm upset that there's no sexual subtext between [NAME] and [NAME] in the new Super Mario game	4
Confused and triggered	5
That's exactly what I would expect [NAME] parents to look like lol	3
So his beef is about Footnote 1?	5
Mate, you're proving my point.	3
They look damn good for being in their late 40's/early 50's.	3
[NAME] has become the best houseguest ever in 24 hours. We aren’t worthy	3
dear [NAME] they're multiplying...	3
I really need to put my foot down. Thanks for the gentle nudge :)	3
Also the reason for last year, playing him as a cb was necessary but proven to be a terrible position to be in.	2
I’ll just take this as an apology and bid you farewell AM x	4
> a central bank that acts as a buffer between monetary policy and implementation. ... what?	5
>[NAME] One of the most horrifying stories I've ever heard of: the mom should be in psychiatric care and the doctor thrown in jail IMO.	2
Sadly this story has died down why is he bringing it back up. Just let it die.	4
I know, I know. I wish Reptile had a better fate.	3
His name also references UGA.	3
YEAH, YOU MOTHERFUCKER	0
Yeah, neither of them are communists. [NAME] is a left-leaning [NAME] and [NAME] is a [NAME]	3
What the fuck is that horrifying picture	2
[NAME] and [NAME] for [NAME] then sign [NAME] afraid this battle station is fully operational	2
thats cool to hear ... [NAME] really is laughable in this regard	3
Thanks. People need to calm down and give QCX a little time here.	3
This was beautifully written.	3
What's it matter?!?!	5
Stay strong [NAME]	3
"Except for ""fighting liberalism"". Happy cake day."	3
Are you claiming that the entire biology and geology communities have been lying for centuries?	5
...i love [NAME] for what she did/does for her [NAME]. ...also, would like to see some of the work that comes out of the collective	3
Thanks i really appreciate it.	3
Kinda like how he wants to “out” kids?	5
holy shit I got mad at those 4 points you made [NAME], playing [NAME] like that would be literally hell.	3
oddly enough, i really like it	3
Sweet, congrats!	3
Aha! This is my fear, that the gloss over key elements because they want to target a wider audience!	2
Create new holidays. We need a Ralsei day where we celebrate fluffy bois.	3
Thanks so much for the precious advice, that is very helpful!	3
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **5th Cakeday** gum_sticks! ^(hug)	5
The Square. The gross pretentious privilege in this film made me want to puke.	1
C-USA when it had [NAME] was pretty awesome.	3
So true, thank you for posting this.	3
Still curious if they try and trade [NAME]. One thing is for sure I’m not ruling anything out. [NAME] and the FO is getting very creative	5
Thank you. We’re seven months into reconciliation. We definitely had HB for the first couple weeks as well.	3
I've actually been teaching myself R lately for this exact purpose, I'm super excited to check out your book when you're done with it.	3
I guess when you marry as a virgin, you don't know what you're missing out on.	5
I met up with a woman who was 49. She reminded me of being old. That isn't attractive. Youth makes you feel alive.	0
Yep. Seriously painful to read	4
> Do you think Amazon reviews are don't mean anything? Yes because they are very easy to game.	3
Shithole universe i mean.	0
Very excited for what could come from his presidency, very much not excited for the primaries.	3
[NAME] died for our shins	3
And I'm loving it. It's driving the chuds mad.	3
if we follow this pannel she is non existent and you are just allucinating, im sorry to bring the sad news	4
I wasn’t considering potatoes in the discussion or else it’s a clear number 1. Are potatoes vegetables?	5
Wow....while I think I knew this already, I can't quite picture it. I'ma have to go rewatch those scenes.	3
Hope they don't pull another [NAME] on [NAME]. Good to hear [NAME] added muscle and is healthy. Hopefully he and [NAME] can play all 16 this season	3
Hello, Do you need a student ID for anywhere in the process? I have a valid email but can’t find my ID right now. Thanks	3
Me too dude. Nice video for what it was!	3
That's sad. You can be acquaintances with women. Not like you are driving them to the nail salon or something .	4
It's a beautiful video of family and [NAME] finally accepting [NAME] as a brother is one of the highlights of the show	3
Oh tell me about it. I'm INTJ	5
Lmao “9 times out of 10” okay	3
Thanks! But I was only offered one batch today, it was reallly slow.	3
Love it!	3
Happy's not a vehicle!!! He's my friend!!!	3
When mum comes home and I realise it's hug time	5
> Get used to it, the cons are back. I just wish that they were pros instead of cons	3
Yeah you're right. That's the problem. Not guys thinking it's ok to message someone they haven't matched with outside of Tinder.	3
"""Keep blowin'! Love always, [NAME]."""	3
Or maybe just don't have a family and you're financially secured for life.	3
Wow, way to disregard history completely.	3
That the [NAME] is [NAME] actual father?	5
Lmao everyone in this gif was absolutely clueless	3
True, it’s not like she’s the last girl on earth or something haha	3
It’s fine. Baby boomers are always angry	0
my mistake :(	4
Was blown away until I heard everyone speaking Spanish and realised it was Mexico. Not so shocking anymore.	5
Best decision of your life.	3
Oh I missed that part. So the cheeky poster was referring to that crash. ;0	5
You said an untrue thing. Own up to it, asshole.	0
Counter's clean, you're welcome!	3
That poor girl. She wants to run in the rain and her mean ole momma won't let her. LOL	3
Thanks the mental heath team at the hospital were good, I can always check in there, if it’s too much	3
Original with sound. I love the moms commentary	3
And Arsenal fans hated him as he left them for his boyhood club, which made his great performances against them all the sweeter	3
It gives me hope as well!	3
Haha I had to use an analogy that rang with the older generation as well as the connection it has to social media.	3
The parents are “retards” for not watching their kid near water.	0
That's totally my focus for today, just enjoy the day and being there for myself :) it's so liberating.	3
Are you sincerely saying that [NAME] are bad because they were in the minority?	5
Love the view. I would love to drink rum with a view like that. Have fun!	3
Umm, I don’t think empathy means what you think it means...🤷‍♀️	0
I kinda wish people memed him a lot more because he has so much comedy potential. I hope my words inspire to meme him more	3
Say it louder! I'm sick of these leeches, too.	4
we definitely don't need more people on this overcrowded planet.	0
I must go, my people need me	3
The 12 days of Christmas is a bizarre song. Don't use it as a gift giving guide, you crazy idiots.	0
Dude, there is nothing you can do against a team shooting like that, nothing. And out shooting is really good too.	3
> the fact that it is illegal Watch out, we've got a time traveler over here!	3
Hey, I share a birthday with a legend!	3
Ooooof, that’s annoying. I’m sorry.	4
Someone tell me why they are out passing us they taking the game to us when we should be controlling the tempo of the ball to keep the lead.	0
Of course he loves you! You’re his sugar momma. Seriously, ditch the bi*|€. You can and should do better.	3
No thanks, I would prefer to not get infested with malware.	0
So, [NAME] and [NAME] are over? Have to wonder why he thought marrying a 19 year old was the best thing to do!	5
Then let's go scythe and HAMMER!!! I've actually wanted scythe and hammer for the longest too	3
So sounds like she was raped, and she seriously needs to press charges, this bartender needs to be raped in prison big time.	0
Never seen stone abbreviated, so was a bit puzzled.	5
Well I'm glad the whole coffee vs beer exchange was the most accurate part of the episode. When it comes to accents, anyway...	3
Nice try..Hulu exec.	3
Are you replying to something in particular, because what you stated is so obvious I would hope it need not be said on a science thread.	0
People need to stop excusing bad behavior	3
Going to get hard for everyone after brexit	4
[NAME] “Good! It’s such a distraction to the team!”	3
And perfectly perfect.	3
[NAME] damit you got me! Take your upvote sir!	0
He is warped by porn. He's got a problem	4
Yes sir ! Cheers. I miss typed I get #120 20mg.	3
Lol stfu really	3
"he tried to motivate the team in the locker room but i think it was [NAME] who was like ""just sit down festus"""	0
rich people usually tip the worst lol	3
It would be okay if they will turn them into some old non-obtainable premiums. I mean limited edition	3
I would absolutely claim it and yell that my Auntie was looking for it.	0
You bottomed out, worked, and wanted more. Feels great, doesn't it?	3
Old people sure do love their cable news history	3
Looks like a long lost cousin of [NAME]	3
How many wins do you got like 200 lol	3
Nice, thanks man	3
Are ya completely sure that's not from that Thursday last summer?	3
Your username sort of checks out? Lol	3
I wish I could forget about the redesign. Sadly reddit is adamant about reminding me all the time it exists.	3
Israel is only demonized because they DEFEND themselves from their neighbors who OPENLY admit they are dedicated to the destruction of Israel and the [RELIGION] people.	0
One of my favorite porn sites ever. If you're looking for good incest porn, it's the place to go.	3
I hope she makes enough for therapy for her kid.	3
>Take a payday loan, smoke some meth, buy a shitload of guns. Tell me which ideology this is and I'm sold	5
I would love it as long as the art style was mature and well done	3
at least you found it	3
dude, thats grave danger for sure. thats terrifying. he was a predator for young men interested in sports cars. luring in for diabolic purposes!!	2
> 333 Brothers and sisters are here now So much cringe.	2
That looks like before Fox even owned it, I was surprised to see it's almost been 30 years	5
I'm just happy anybody's talking to me. I'll listen again :-)	3
If its affecting your mental health, you know what to do. You have a commitment to yourself first and foremost.	3
Omg I want this dog ❤️❤️❤️	3
Thank you. I have never seen the word typed in that way before.	3
This is why I love people posting pics in the LA sub, because I see perspectives of LA that I would never see otherwise. Love this pic	3
I think they mean the banker is being unethical, but I'm not 100% sure	5
Those women are the worst.	0
Oh yah for sure, I am on that page dude. I thought that’s what you meant.	3
My cat still loves me after I tripped over them in the dark on my way to the bathroom how are animals so amazing	3
That’s a very precious word from [NAME].	3
I would like a link as well, please. :)	3
Or maybe he does, and that’s why he scared of people thinking that; he’s afraid of people finding them out.	2
OH DARN IT, THANKS FOR THE REMINDER MFER!!!	3
Streamgate works fine for me and i'm not even late :3.	3
That's my wife ❤	3
Is that supposed to be outrageous? Assuming he met the requirements and earned them all, good on the guy for planning for his future.	3
i agree that far right are not our friends bur this seems fake af	3
22 points in 41 games with a pretty shitty Utica squad, first full year in NA... yeah I don’t want another Dahlen debacle	0
Oh thanks, ~~[NAME]~~ Mitt. We all know you won’t provide meaningful opposition to [NAME].	3
"Good lord, do you not remember ""Thanks Obama"" where everyone fake blamed [NAME] for everything bad?"	5
Sorry, wrong comment train. Just gonna sneak right by ya there.	4
Why you mad bro	5
"My daughter loves this! She's taking a bath rn singing ""fiire"""	3
"""We need to be careful about hiring this one"" "	5
This shark is so beautiful i thought it was one of those high quality animations	3
just get the paper that say it is real and see how shit it is.	0
pretty fukkin sure lmao, its over fam, doing another trumpdown would kill the gop so they wont let him do it	3
You just blew my mind. Why haven't I thought of that before. You think someone would have explored that far east.	5
I thought you were making a joke about AI not taking over while asking a bot to remind you ;)	5
The pistons are aggressively mediocre which sucks. [NAME] has been awesome but the rest of the team is horrid	3
My kids (and yes, I as well) love [NAME] metal version.	3
You should make your own listing to showcase exactly this. Should be easy if it's as rampant as you say it is.	3
I love this! And I find myself thinking the exact same things. Soon...	3
Anything on Netflix really	5
There is no way that happened, dialogue is too coherent to be Scottish.	0
Wow spongebob was right!	3
Wah wahooooo!	3
We should definitely ignore it and blame it on California.	0
I died a little inside watching all of that champagne go to waste.	4
Bomb on your chest Do not try this at home	0
Fuck I’m sitting in position 3 right now	0
I’m sorry for your loss bro ❤️	4
Not really. All pretty random injuries.	0
Holy shit I think I see cheekbones.	5
We can work on both. Ignore centrists who want to pretend that we have to choose.	3
A Mass Effect tarot deck would be awesome! That was exactly what I thought when I saw this.	3
Right?! That’s up there with falling and hitting your eye on a doorknob.	5
It took me a second to distinguish between whether it was [NAME] or [NAME]. I have officially been cursed by this subreddit.	5
This is one of my favorite of [NAME] songs although all of them are really good. Either beautiful of funny all of them	3
[NAME] is a comedian. Every monologue he does is based in humor -- extremely intelligent humor. He is also extremely observant.	3
[NAME]: I-I *love* what you’ve done with these poles.. [NAME]: *sniff* *sniff*	5
I wish I could cry...	3
If someone has tithed 10% their entire life, fuck off with requests like this.	0
Maybe one day we will be able to see that process. I wish. I love my pets so much 😍	3
Season 5 is the best IMO.	3
Damn that’s a big F from me :(	0
That's some creepy coincidence, then! Maybe I'll find my Donut twin on here one day! 😮 One can only hope...	3
Bruh, fake music was the fucking best, wish we could go back.	3
FaceTime with wifey!! Happy anniversary!	3
Yeah...it's difficult to have sympathy for someone like yourself	3
Looking at thngs that way can also help with confidence. Realizing that it doesn't matter can be quite freeing.	5
Um yea. You’re being creepy. Stop stalking her	0
Like I said, stunning. But not at all surprising you would reference [NAME].	3
[NAME] probably won’t like that lol	3
is there anything scientists not working on?	5
Stick around! Would love your input / POV!	3
I regret looking at his posts.	4
Heaven forbid you do some actual research.	0
He isn't unique to that. Every defensive metric disagrees 🤔	0
Yeah the non guarenteed packs are really the worst. I think I did 2/20 on those.	1
>Congratufuckinglations Good one! You got a good chuckle out of me.	3
Different region of same hellscape. Congrats, good luck!	3
Ah, that's a tryptan, that can have more pronounced effects indeed.	3
I'm confused what you're crying about. The situation has very little to do with us.	5
Ah. Yea, the classic loner looking for compliments. Seems pretty edgy	3
I love PragerU r/pragerurine	3
Aw crap you're right. Sorry I suck at names and shit	4
Currently [NAME], I just finished watching season 1 and I really like her. Bendelacreme is my all time favorite tho	3
Plz add ye and ksg. Thanks, ye	3
That is great insight. Once mom is against you, you’re done.	3
OH [NAME] THAT'S TERRIFYING SOMEBODY SAVE US ^/s	2
"I find that even when I wear a hat, I ""look [RELIGION]"" and get the same hate."	0
I don't know how accurate that is, pure nicotine is a lot different to nicotine in tobacco so I doubt vaping is that addictive	5
This is a pathetic grasp to hope where there is none, hoping for a top 15 pick isnt going to bring us out of the bottom Look at edmonton	3
[NAME] just has the runs. Don't worry, [NAME] is lacing up to replace him	3
The only thing keeping me warm in this subzero temperature is my fucking hate for [NAME].	0
I'm very sorry for u, they should treat you like royalty not a fleshlight	4
This is fantastic! What an incredible gesture. Given the current fears British [NAME] are currently living under, this is a very welcome bit of news.	3
I like [NAME] better	3
Lol! Nope. Any muscle in your body will shrink if yiu dont use it.	3
I’ve started the journal part! But I unfortunately need to wait until he gets more aggressive for them to act on it.	4
Would love to own a deck like this 😍	3
"That ""Hard work"" usually involved the junkrat pressing Q so I'm not about to shed tears"	4
Not sure what's cringe about this, even if you disagree with the political message	5
[NAME]. Instantly went to moving the goalpost. Looks like my bet was a winner.	3
I haven't listened to new music since 2006.	5
This girl looks STRONG!! I want her to be my goddess and I will please her on command!	3
[NAME] I hate Twitter	0
Any league that creates a system that makes a kicker more valuable than WR/RB/QB is a league I don’t want to play in.	0
You're so fucking original	3
I'm not really interested in collecting them but I do enjoy watching videos of people who restore old hotwheels.	3
Fuck her... don’t live to make your parents happy	0
"He looks great in ""Ideal Home""."	3
Unless wages for food service workers change you better keep tipping.	3
Looks delicious.	3
I've always hated the 610/45 interchange. Everyone slows to a crawl when there is no need to slow down.	0
Please don't ruin our self-deprecating-humor cope.	0
Locking a bunch in a kids in a room with their pedophile priest is fun af? You need help.	3
no, educate yourself like an anarchist.	0
Okay perfect! I'll definitely have that conversation with him then. Thanks for the help! :)	3
You two seem nice.	3
I’m a HR professional and deal with this all the time. You’d be surprised how ignorant most people are about their paychecks.	3
Too bad he endorses seiko, this wouldve been a great ad	0
That IS crazy!	0
She's doing so good!!! I'm rooting for her hardcore!! I like her.	3
Wow those fruit turnovers look delicious id defo pay 3$ to have one	3
5 months until parole	5
You conveniently ignored my response to this naivety when you said it before.	0
The best terror	3
Hear eagles fans are sending dude money. He'll need it. I'm hoping I hear of his unemployment momentarily.	3
Yup. I’m assuming cause it’s live crawfish and early in the season? Idk. I love crawfish cafe but not for that price.	3
Fuck your husband	0
> They are working on something new... TLWGAS. I'm not ashamed to admit that I'm too dumb to figure out what that stands for	0
Dude that looks like some sh*t out of a James Bond movie!	4
I’m genuinely curious as to how much Netflix is paying people to make memes about Bird Box.	5
Can these be made so in the future it could be made even higher? Like adding an additional 15 feet or so? Would be cool...	3
Considering I’m majoring in politics, that’s the plan!!! Thank you!	3
Yankees, Nets, and Giants, all the best!	3
That's a classic. You have good taste.	3
heyyy that’s my birthday as well!	3
Nope. I like looking at people.	0
True to the first, I hope to the second.	3
Feminists body-shaming and objectifying men	4
"Huh. Similar things happen to me. Just my big brother believe that I got the wrong diagnoses and Dad think I am ""cured""."	5
It's harder to find a decent picture of him	4
That would be really rough. However she is so incompetent I wouldn’t be surprised if she self immolates	4
Pretty cool.	3
definitly whining my dude	3
Reminds me of my favorite [NAME] post	3
Yep. The problem is definitely regulation and not wealth hoarding supported by corporate money controlling politics. Temporarily embarrassed millionaires unite!	4
Daaaaang I bet he had a headache after that	3
To be fair that would be a hella stiff drink.	0
43% on a one bedroom apartment (with a nice large balcony) in Potts Point. Sucks to be single.	4
Yeah. I heard that in my head aswell doing the last argument, and found myself back here posting.	5
Actually whoosh doesn't apply here because the criteria for whooshing is different.	0
Knife Fight used to be an awesome cooking comp show	3
I remember the Lions under [NAME]. Just no.	5
...What is that?	5
You have my support.	3
Thank you for your comment, I didn't know Phoenix had a subreddit so now I'm subbed.	3
I appreciate that. :)	3
[NAME] just ripped his jersey. He’s frustrated as hell right now	0
I will never understand why streaming is entertaining.	5
And how often do you hear about feminists fighting for these women’s rights? Never. Feminists are cowards.	0
Gratzy-Gratzy. You have a brought a great joy to this old Italian stereotype.	3
Haha hopefully, that'd be good for his morale. I just wanna beat the Knicks tonight honestly.	3
Desperation is unattractive, stop being so desperate. Love yourself before you can love someone else.	3
Exactly, or they thought he was saying it jokingly. The delusion these men live with continues to amaze me	5
I can’t translate /s to Texan speak well and forgot so my apologies y’all :)	4
Who is afraid of who here? The shower or you?	5
LOL, once in a lifetime. Sheesh, this sub is obsessed	3
I wasn't aware of that subreddit before. Thanks for reading and for the recommendation!	3
Thank you!	3
> I just don't see how this movie wouldn't get dull after about a half hour. then cut it at 90 min.	0
Occupation badges are dumb and I’m sad they made the transition to OCP.	4
Ha ha manu plays shit football amirite guys	3
I'm really proud of you for standing up yourself like that!	3
unrealistic, the little fuck didn't taunt post-kill	0
one of my all time favorite episodes i even love the closing animation of them crossing the bridge out of the	3
I’LL SEE YOU AGAIN NEXT TIME	3
Is there an all time favorite moment you can point to in your career?	5
It would be pretty epic if [NAME], the artist that did the San Bernadino '17 poster, did the cover art for the new album...	3
I wish you with all my heart to find a woman that will love you so much that will get you a bj bell.	3
It's weird. You might be right to worry.	2
I literally, like, hate people like that.	0
Don't judge our love	0
Is this season 7? I don't remember it.	5
This dude live near me. All my highschool classmates are big fans of his and look up to him.	3
You gonn give me one of dem?	5
Explaines Why I’m on the lookout for cats when I’m anxious! Thanks	3
Yes,on top of that feel like vomitting,can't breathe and thinking I will faint.	2
“So which one is she” “Uhhhhhhh.....”	3
shouldve just given him the sum you usually pay and transfer the burden of awkwardness onto him	3
For those who are wondering, that would leave you with about $1,000,000	5
Agreed. To add, we also need to see how coaching changes shake out when it's all done.	3
That's the point tho, they had lots of talent already, and just a couple of changes at the key spots changed everything	3
i prefer this	3
Hugs to you It will get better	3
Cool! Tell me more about yourself---PM me if you're more comfortable.	3
Crosspost from same community?	5
I wanna see [NAME] too at the ASG too!! He gotta show that [NAME] Magic with [NAME] as teammate	3
Umm... educated people who think that killing a fetus after viability is abhorrent?	5
Is this funny but sad? This just seems like a normal meme to me	5
You win one internet!	3
Not only does the overbooking hurt the customers financials and time, but violations like this one put lives in danger.	4
I'm seeing the error using Chrome both on MacOs Desktop and Android. I'm glad it seems to just be me though. Apologies for the snarkiness.	4
[NAME] !!!	3
Good loss for the tank. [NAME] and [NAME] played really well.	3
My childhood horse died due to twisted intestines. Very traumatizing, since he crawled over and put his head in my lap at the end.	4
I have the same question I had before- you didn't attempt to explain why US healthcare prices ought be higher than Canadian.	5
Wasn’t there a video of the exact same dude kicking down a fucking tree????	0
Dedicated agents will work without pay to see him hauled away in cuffs to visit his pal [NAME].	3
Yeah im sure the chinaman who made this in his tiny noodle house for one millionth of a yuan is super stoked about this.	3
Alright, thanks again	3
[NAME] you like picking and choosing. not how life works. not how fact works.	0
Anything to do with Iceland and Scandinavia has to be rad!	3
Grøh. Fast great moves and becomes insane during soul charge	3
This is amazing. You look like a video game character whose hair texture hasn't loaded in properly.	3
Wooow! [NAME] hitting [NAME] with that question! Can’t wait to see that!	3
It's amazing that things like this still exist, considering how much English-language education there is.	3
I'm glad you liked it :D	3
Now the 'fun' really starts. :(	3
Oy vey, [NAME] 🗑 is gonna be *pissed*!!!	0
So I'm not ugly I'm hideous	3
It's great, though kind of painful if you ever had dreams of writting/drawing/making a comic/game/novel it hurts a lot.	4
"This is not surprising at all. She's a fake trendy ""feminist"" with no perspective whatsoever."	0
Dear lord this woman is awful	1
Sorry, might have been the wrong command. Just checked my uplay for it. It's /nodinputpad	4
Wow that's so lit🔥🔥🔥😂😂💦💦💦 im so proud of your autistic son for making it LOL OUT LOUD 👏👏👏💦💦💦👏💦👏💦👏💦👏💦👏💦👏💦👏😘😘	3
Ok thank you!	3
[NAME] damn fruit booters.	0
Thanks for the recommendation! This goes straight to the top of my audible queue.	3
Hey, fbi guy... If you arent too busy. Its kinda cold outside and im out of bread. Would you mind?	5
Me and friends just got Vermintide 2, and it isn't an MMO but it solves a lot of MMO problems we had. Quite fun so far.	3
Shucks, that's 11am for me. I might drop in one day when I don't have work. Thanks!	3
"Saying ""don't come into this subreddit just to start arguments about politics"" isn't intolerance."	0
Arrow already did break this trend by having a mostly excellent S5, definitely much better than S3 and S4.	3
Posting Onion Boy here is basically cheating.	0
Have you told him you aren't 100% ok with it? It sounds like you're regretting this decision.	4
I refuse to accept that	0
Neither of them looked good in the grimes beef lol	3
Living his best life.	3
This is cursed	0
would give gold if I had it haha	3
And this is actually one of the nicer flats you can get in Boness too!	3
What?! What women power!?? Please elaborate. What part of her rambling constitutes as women power”?	5
Sad but true	4
Thanks for the tip, just got some FYH Caesar on sale, can’t wait to try it!	3
Definitely don’t rush. That’s how unfortunate decisions happen, and then you’re linked to that person for the rest of your life.	3
I'm scared for her. The Saudi government has proven to be very brazen in its disrespect for international law.	2
Oh that’s so sad that she thinks anyone cares about her opinion	4
A lot of things men do *isn't* sexual harassment no matter how you feel about it.	0
I just open mouth laughed so loud my kids came out of their bedrooms, phone in hand, but still...they came out!	3
[NAME] hoping he's [NAME] mum	3
I don’t really mind pickles, it’s just that they’re warm and soggy and there’s 1000 of them.	0
That has nothing whatsoever to do with what I was talking about.	0
Stranger than fiction. Can't even begin to comprehend what that poor [NAME] was going through.	5
Oops, forgot to translate from UK lingo	4
I laugh every god damn time.	3
Oops! The bottle was so oily it slipped outta my hand and into the trash!	4
That's why everyone loves you, you're a joke club.	3
That's the best catch I've ever seen	3
oh my [NAME] the hands... so small... but so powerful...	3
"Can you imagine if management was like ""Hey [NAME], we need you to fire the custodian. Thanks."""	3
good guy win	3
Yes the achilles gave out and so did my hopes. I miss brandon :(	4
Thanks. Some of the things just require a little tweaking so really I don’t think it’ll be too hard.	3
No! My furniture is floating!	0
I'm shocked, shocked, to find that redditors don't read sources and stay with the info they get from the misleading titles.	5
Yeah the question makes no sense without more context.	0
I am very thankful for that. And thankful I wasn’t totally brainwashed	3
Thanks! Sometimes you need an article in order to shake some sense into someone.	3
You just made me so happy.	3
Love the idea for the [NAME] skin but I think it might be too hard :/	3
I wonder the same thing. Where could I go where no one would ever find me. I usually come around to dropping myself in the millworks.	5
Don't tell yourself those lies. They only serve to keep that weight in place. We're all lucky to have you. You're a gem	3
My favorite thing about this is that OP doesn’t clarify which item he’s so excited about.	3
You have much to learn	3
That's crazy I just watched two of his movies last night. Unbreakable and split. Very interesting movies.	3
Any food shortages will be caused by these idiots each buying 38 tins of beans a few days before we leave.	0
My two favorite channels are Inner Integration and From Surviving to Thriving. Both have many videos, and they really get it.	3
You’re no welcome then. Get aff reddit.	0
[NAME] rolls with his kitties and is hard as fuck.	4
that would be so cool!!!!	3
I'm at 133 wins. I'll probably try to get 17 more since I'm so close and they eextendedthe season, but it seems kinda meh	3
You're willing to lie about anything to shill for [NAME].	0
The level of denial the top boys reached was astonishing.	5
I agree she’s not fat, but that is Photoshopped and posed into oblivion.	3
Hard to expect much when he has not been involved in the offense for most of the season.	0
its great that she takes care of you, but remember to let her know that she can lean on you	3
Anybody else feel super weird when you see your dad get hurt? It’s a weird thing to see	0
This is a good change. I've heard too many sad stories on Tinder about this sort of thing, looking for a way out.	3
I'm still a little surprised at how god awful that defense was. The Bengals definitely have some talent to work with.	5
Wow. AP should find that video and flag whoever did that...deep, scary issues at play	2
I felt a great disturbance in the Force, as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced.	2
I like [NAME]. Sue me.	3
Okay I can see why that is one glorious beard	3
It's hard to try to evaluate yourself, but I appreciate you trying.	3
Damn didn’t see it sorry	4
I like how she calls him racist, when he didn’t actually say anything racist.	3
I picked up some sea pods the other day for like $8 us online and I love them, zero leaks and great flavour!	3
You look like a failed attempt to gene splice [NAME] and [NAME] DNA	4
Buddy... Are you ok? Is there a teacher at your school that's strange? Kidding. Nice post as always.	3
I really wanted this to be a real sub.	3
It makes me super fucking nervous edit: was able to buy temple at +1 fuck it lets ride	2
Okogie looks like a freaking beast compared to the rest, maybe not Ayton. His shoulders are bigger than his head haha.	3
My thoughts EXACTLY [NAME] looks dead.	4
thank god your not on the dev team	3
Probably right, I could have mixed up the years or just misremembering	5
Good to know my paranoia has paid off haha, and same, sooo many snacks.	3
thank you it’s just odd it randomly showed up and hasn’t always been there	3
Agree she doesn't deserve happiness since she has taken it from you!!	3
That would be hilariously vicariously through the subterranean passages to the bottom of this post.	3
Stay strong.	3
Love it.	3
Awesome. Never get sick of hearing stories like that	3
They might trade for [NAME] or give France a chance. Still scratching my head at letting CV go.	5
“Enjoy your dinner”	3
OMG are you serious? Do you know what episode? That's horrendous! I'm really disappointed in [NAME] on that one.	4
And it’s super awkward with someone you barely know.	4
But it looks so cute	3
If my mom were still alive, she'd be so pissed at [NAME] being in this cast.	5
I really liked this but holy shit I miss my AR shots compared to like 1440 or even 1600	4
And then you got a little vacation from work too! :D	3
Aaahhh u got a spanking. Lol	3
Sorry, my phrasing was terrible. Not across the board, but eggs are definitely an example where OP was right.	4
Honestly, back then, seeing her squirm would have been perfect. I'm mildly curious to see if she's still scared of me, though.	5
Wow City all of a sudden not so invincible anymore, have as many defeats as us now...	5
Thank you, lightwaves. Very cool.	3
Grow up.	0
Yup. Lol	3
19??? Yikes slow down, enjoy yourselves and figure yourselves out. Not an age to make big decisions like that, I say at 24...	0
Doesn’t frustrate me at all. He’s not worth the asking price. Plain and simple.	0
Happy for you!	3
Because your very wise mother KNEW who the real wankers were and she couldn't be bothered... Smart lady.	3
"""Muscles? You mean blood balloons?"""	5
This is just too cute.	3
Happy cake day	3
I love how the dog is just happy the cat is giving him attention.	3
I tend to agree with you. They all have innocent blood on their hands.	3
ah i was also confused but i think they mean friends around the same age	5
That's beautiful.	3
"You did not say you thought you did you said ""they both blocked me"" and then went back and edited your comment. LOL."	3
I was waiting for the delayed explosion and holy cow! That was insane!	3
Nah, my comment stands. Poor effort.	0
Stop whatever you think is pushing you away. You are the one in control not [NAME].	3
I love that your drinking that out a tumbler	3
It does infuriate me.	0
You're right, it's not as bad as the crippling retardation you currently suffer from. I'm sorry dude	3
What happened that she was so pissed and did this live?	5
If they want the situation to escalate, they may just keep nagging me and wait for things to tip over.	0
DELETE THAT SCREEN SHOT! NOW!!!	0
Absolutely nothing! LOL	3
OMG I looked at this they're coming I can hear the boots.	5
I ASSURE YOU WE'RE OPEN	3
Until you realize immortal Trout is better...	5
I agree, not to say he would be a favourite but [NAME] is very hittable, one good headkick is all it takes	3
Thanks for the information!	3
if I told 11 year old me that brussell sprouts are a top 5 vegetables, he'd have laughed in my face	3
Oh, you play on Skelth too. Actually, my laptop almost died during that one))) But somehow I managed through that haha	3
"""These people didn't go to my church therefore they are demonic"""	0
Thanks for this 😂	3
check out victim of ritual he's one of the best [NAME] players around and he uses a pad. It's nothing you can't get used to	3
Thank you for those words. Your message made me feel better!	3
Socially it's completely unacceptable to pee your pants.	0
Wow. As much as I like pizza I would get sick of it if I were to eat it every single day.	5
Hate Hate Hate, feels so good.	3
The street drugs here are laced with fentanyl, i think I’ll do something else	5
6 months is not long term in my opinion. 2 years and up.	0
Safe to say we’re out of adjectives for him now	3
I can’t imagine choosing McD’s over Banh Mi, that’s just a complete lack of respect for your taste buds.	0
I am. He's the easy pick. Would be perfect for this franchise. I'm worried that he won't make it to us.	2
5’8ish my guess. The one thing that blew me away I went to a COD event was how short majority of pro’s are	4
[NAME] is bad & anyone who still supports him should feel bad for it.	0
How dare the russian government expose the DNC and its corrupt behavior!!!!!	0
This is the most perfect thing I've ever seen. So many layers	3
So...... SOOOOOOOOOO glad Atlanta came back and beat the Bucs. Because of it, my beloved [NAME] are coming to Tampa.	3
I think making fun of him will just piss him off.	0
Thanks alot [NAME] i will try to use these tips	3
*The Daily Wire.* Lol.	3
Many of them do love LEGAL ones.	3
"""Yeah look"" like a toddler being surprised by his own genitals"	5
I mean, she actually is a genius, so I really dont have a problem with her identifying herself as one	3
I feel bad for these guys. I'd like to be able to help ex-mos in trouble.	4
I'm so glad not to have Publix in my region when I see this bullshit...even though *I* miss their subs too... Lol	3
This is not a legal issue. Take it up with your school if you don't agree with it.	0
I dont get the joke	5
Thank you mate.	3
Weird flex but ok	1
She looks so FIERCE. I love it.	3
We have the problem and just started a group for couples without kids to make friends on Facebook this past weekend.	3
Great program, the wife and i have been able to pay down 10k in debt in 3 months since moving our daughter into the program	3
And ate it. No wonder he died.	5
Having long good chats with brother about stuff, got clear boundaries set, thanks all	3
I don’t know the whole story here, but would getting your tubes tied be an option?	5
So dumb it's genius.	3
Pretty convenient my drool hit the upvote!	3
This is the most fucking sensible comment I have seen in the this subbredit. Have the exact same opinion.	3
Beautiful stranger i don’t have to talk to them after	3
Congratulations!! Colorado is an amazing place! I just moved away a year ago and miss it terribly :) Best of luck to you!	3
I literally point out the same thing (along with everyone in the YouTube comments) and get downvoted to oblivion. Love it.	3
If I wasn't destitute I would give you gold. I humbly offer my upvote.	3
Not gonna lie, I LOVE pneumatic tubes. This is now my next vacation plan.	3
When people who know nothing about MLK besides their middle school education talk about MLK	0
That's an adorable horsie	3
Bless you.	3
What a unit	3
That actually looks super, super cool.	3
I’ve got bad news for you about NFL locker rooms if you’re offended by homophobic slurs....	4
You’re a women hating racist. That’s what you are. Stop talking shite and trying to pretend otherwise	0
Considering the century is only a touch over 19 years. Is this really news worthy?	5
[NAME] is a terrible defender, and as much as I like [NAME], I think it would be more beneficial to move his contract and sign another piece	3
They look so good together *praying for Disney ending*	3
so fucking beautiful. so subtle, but so necessary.	3
I love everything I have ever made in mine, but recently it's mostly used to hard boil eggs.	3
sending my thoughts and prayers LOL to your family!!! 😂 😂 😂	3
I'm surprised [NAME] hasn't had a chance to be called up	5
It’s deeply bizarre.	4
Boston Children’s Hospital has these!!! Love it!	3
Unreal. [NAME]- Expert level	3
i discourage a protest that tried to infringe upon free speech	0
Ah ok I thought by terrific you mean terrific at reducing speeding since (I think) that is the policy objective. Cheers!	3
That is absurd, man. I'm sorry you don't believe in the spirit realm.	4
It’s one of my worst nightmares to have skin like that...I hope that person gets actual help	4
Unsure if OP is serious or just being sarcastic. I can't decide?	5
You make soap? That's awesome.	3
I would tend to agree, but it’s also the crypto market. You never really know what it’s going to do lol	3
Hey guys. Just made some dinner. Came to see the game and check ohhhhh my god.	5
NOO HES SO ANGRY	0
Even on steroids of all kinds in high doses there is no way that this is done in 16 weeks	0
"A ""kicky switch""? I'm not sure where to use that, but I'll find a way."	5
out of curiosity, What are you watching?	5
"Wow....thank you...you just ""woke"" me up :) "	3
Riding your bicycle down Powell is *a stupid fucking idea*.	0
Damn straight! My folks only knew when I told them about it!	3
A surprise, but a welcome one	5
damn. Thanks!	3
I guess I'm just too nice to people and I gotta learn to start sayin no.	5
Congrats to you!! My husband went from being like your husband... to processing cannabis oil. There is hope.	3
No, there’s a ton of people like you in this thread who don’t seem to understand that head glitching does not equal taking cover.	0
New Title Idea : Man gets assaulted for voicing his (albeit awful and disgusting) opinion.	1
Did you get to try the bipod? I can't wait till I get home.	5
I’d love for [NAME] to turn into prime [NAME]	3
No, no. I love the ones where patients succeed. It’s not that. It just seemed like everyone phoned it in this time.	3
Poor fish :(	4
All good brother	3
I appreciate your optimism in saying just a few more years	3
I think you're pretty neat, but I respect your distance	3
They added it back for a short time but removed it shortly after.	4
You can slice it anyway. If it has sugar or heavy sugar than tax it or go for specific categories like soda and candy etc.	3
Just remember I love you	3
You're telling me you don't get excited when you see a big hit or players drop the gloves?	5
I don’t remember [NAME] saying that tbh	0
Just for recreational use? Glad you are having a change of mind though	3
I pirated this movie last night and can confirm: it's truly awful. Not just lacking in good, but *aggressively* bad.	1
username definitely checks out	3
Congrats! Vegan baking is still daunting to me but I will conquer it one day!	3
Which makes it even weirder that he hasn't played [NAME] yet. He seems born for that role.	3
Exactly! How dare we give those people shade!	3
Spurs gonna get two in a row over us. Embarrassing	4
"Can you clarify what you mean by ""transcendent moral order?"	5
Hulu is awful for this. The volume on their commercials is deafening.	1
Ngl the entire first order feels like a joke...	3
Why would we put a center at SF	5
Thank you!	3
I wasn't trying to counter your whole argument by objecting to a particular bit I found particularly silly	0
Wow. You basically found my dream woman and gave her up.	5
it’s starting to get weird	4
You know I’m sad the [NAME] hype is over because I actually think he’s been really good for us overall. I still trust him.	4
When the gov shut down under [NAME] many were calling for his resignation. This is similar, but people already hate [NAME] so obviously people are more angry.	0
He's back! I missed him. He is the most entertaining thing on this sub.	3
That is so creepy and scary. Imagine if he really was a Dr, and the only one available in your hmo.	2
Wow you could like hand out anarchist flyers while selling these balloons. Would probably attract a lot of people	3
You gotta love the process.	3
I love him!	3
I like how this story's problem is literally the opposite of the next oldest post on this subreddit	3
I unironically approve of this message. It is time for the French Revolution to end.	3
I’d be afraid to get high after that yo	2
Damn democrats, if they think they're caring for the children, why don't they just change the weather then, never thought about that one.	0
This is a person who has clearly danced a lot, I wonder what happened	5
My bad. Was half asleep while typing and couldn’t remember how to spell😂 I just let autocorrect take over, thanks! Lol	3
50 becoz I’ve used before and it’s A really intense high but after a bit of research I’m extremely hesitant to use it again	4
Where's the love button	5
>How do you know I didn't Because you posted this dumbass post. And only someone who didn't would say that	0
This made me laugh way harder than it should have	3
wrong place thats hilarious	3
love that yawn	3
That’s pretty damn good	3
yeah but like I’m highkey anxious about getting shocked and screw Apple for getting rid of the rainbow logo, it was so cool	3
ooh man I miss OutKast. brings me back to my childhood	4
Did the burglar win? It's fine and all that he tried sueing, if it actually worked is the important part.	3
Oh he'd be far too attractive lol He's southern anyway, would still need to put on an accent	3
> While less than 1% of DV accusations end up being unsubstantiated I find that incredible.	3
The rhyme scheme is amazing	3
[NAME] and [NAME], are hands down my favourite AC characters.	3
THANK YOU ROY! i was just about to say, how are they just discovering [NAME] being british.	3
Good luck to you! Also good job for standing up for yourself	3
He sounds like a stand up guy. I want his attitude in the clubhouse for sure	3
I was assaulted by my father once too. Please don’t hate yourself, it was not your fault. It was his doing.	4
>Federal minimum wage should be closer to $5 That's a horrifying thought.	0
A crime more sinister cannot be imagined!	0
SS: Collapse of the west, and re-birth, all in a beautiful video.	3
Getting jealous over exes is hard to overcome but they are EXES, he/she doesn’t want them, they want you.	5
My empathy to you.	3
For real my wife was like what the hell are you laughing so hard at... I couldnt even explain i just kept laughing.	3
Thank you very much my good sir! If no one else has sent me a picture by then I'll make sure to inform you. Thanks again!	3
The problem is that people cannot differentiate between a necessary and a sufficient condition.	0
Interesting, thanks for clarifying.	3
What if the meal didn’t consent to being cannibalised?	5
wtf i hate [NAME] now	0
[NAME]. And I’m not even trolling. I seriously love him.	3
Ah, that sounds frustrating! Thanks for sharing. I think I might steer clear of the teeth thing.	3
yes it does.	3
Interesting take there	3
Yup. If they're brazen enough to not give a damn about the law, they're brazen enough to not care about public opinion on them.	0
> super model strange Oh man	5
u/Mickster19 these are incredible! We gotta have this [NAME].	3
Only issue I have is that tiramisu is a beautifully layered cake and all of that is hidden by the container	0
You can't talk morality to psychopaths.	0
The fact that you put [NAME] above [NAME] is proof that you’re a troll or mentally handicapped.	0
Interesting!!	3
That’s my favorite insult ever	4
its disgusting where our society is. free tube sites need to be banned	1
Gotcha. Given how contentious even the top-tiers are, I wanted to play it safe.	3
I'm not lol I haven't touched ranked yet Edit: I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or what but I'm not	5
[NAME] was not aware that I had managed to diss the entire New Labour legacy in so few words but you read what you want to... hun?	3
I can take the Karma loss, I couldn't help but troll that other post a bit. Some will get it (like yourself).	3
I’m 27 and I’m still finding high schoolers who look older then me at times still. I feel your pain	3
You / he must be doing an excellent job, then. I've never encountered one.	3
Injury history alone makes him super unattractive.	0
They are dumb 43 / 37 year olds.	0
Thank you! Much appreciated, as promised.	3
I haven’t scrolled it down yet. I thought it was a woman then I saw the name.	5
This is so sweet 🖤	3
Dude, I'll be your friend any time. Especially if you got Steam/discord. I will link u to our friend group's server.	3
I actually do have a really good one who specializes in emp law. He serves multiple areas. Will pM	3
We need more people like you. We need a batman who specifically harasses fat people.	3
this made my day/night. thank you	3
[NAME] has played really well though. Arguably better than [NAME]	3
That does make sense. Thanks.	3
says the insecure idiot who just had to dig through my comment history to try to get back at me. lol creep	3
I like how they roll	3
You cant.Its the idiot civilian drivers fault for probably just staying behind him like a zombie. Unless they come out with heated trailers soon.	0
this is the perfect example of something that is a terrible combination without being outright disgusting.	1
This is as cool as it was burgers and fries and started the Omnibus to collect the first few pages were just so much to unpack there...	3
I like your honesty	3
that was an awful open shot....	1
Ah ha!	5
That was a joke? And a joke you've been waiting to use for 10+ years?	5
That's why the other half of people call me an asshole	0
This subs favorite game.	3
That is either very bad or very good.	5
damn it, you beat me to it.	0
All the centrist liberals in the comments are furious...	0
That's not true! Some of them are probably into watersports.	0
Welcome to CTH where everyone pretends that socialism will work, next time.	3
Great shot, from experience very difficult.	3
Taking a float plane is such a amazing experience - highly recommend!	3
Right... so true. I’m sorry you’re going through this too.	4
But realistically if you’re expecting fine dining at any airport you’re probably kidding yourself. Sustenance without food poisoning is about the best you can hope for.	0
I'm sorry but this sounds very much purposeful. How exactly is headbutting someone an accident?	4
yes the one place i can reinvent myself over and over without killing the bank account. i think the things there carry a certain personality with them too	3
Haha, this is awesome, this sub is usually full of terrible stories, it's great to hear a nice one once in a while.	3
I agree with the last part. Stop getting stopgaps and sign [NAME]...	3
I mean that’s a stupid rule that creates an echo chamber, but I don’t see how that belongs here.	0
ah, thanks!	3
[NAME] looks great	3
And that wig is awful	1
Such a shame. Her butt was pert, cute and perfect in her Vogue days. Yes, I am showing my age.	1
So if she tones down the intensity and controlling nature, would that change how you feel?	5
Only the fools would call Saigon the Pear of the Orient, haha. Stop sleeping on the past too much. And stop betraying your country	3
Like [NAME]?	5
hahahahahahahahaha that post history oh [NAME] mods please dont delete this its too good	3
This is awesome. nice!	3
[NAME] is going to love her!	3
Im always worried that League Pass won't be the Orlando Feed. Thank god today is [NAME] and [NAME]	3
You are right	3
Fuck no i wanna kill the living shit out of [NAME]	0
I have been saying this for a long time, he is way overpaid and the forward position is our main weakness since [NAME] left.	0
2013 was Dunk City, right? Because that was incredible	3
I see some text on dark background is mesmerising.	3
Im so glad that you have peace today :)	3
That glass woulda broken the truck ha	5
This is the most beautiful story I've ever heard.	3
Sorry guys, I went a little far... You can read my apology post here.	4
Sick comeback. Not really a dirty combo other than the unblockable.	0
Poor lady, she was the mother of a friend of my wife, and she went to school with my father in law :(	4
“…Don’t try it, [NAME]. I have the (moral) high ground!”	3
Wow your sister is in abusive relationship, cool.	1
I so remember that!	5
[NAME]. I just want you to have a great stat day.	3
Cool Thanks very much !	3
Damn man that’s a lot of progress. You willing to put forth another 2 and a half months getting your new character back up there?	3
This is just so beautiful, man!	3
Seems like you care way too much	3
Which sucks, because it's a *bitch* to find replacements for those.	0
I love him even though the newest season of t@gged kinda sucked.	3
It's not healthy though. It's processed. Lol, I see what you did there. Pun intended?	3
Omg. I hope she is ok! Poor [NAME].	3
He was trying to move the gun away so that it wouldn't hurt anyone!!!!.	3
Good. Can't wait for the lulz.	3
Careful, they scare away easily, but they will be back and in greater numbers.	3
I'm sorry that happened. Was her hospice nurse aware that she was suffering?	4
Your market sucks	0
Oh I see!	5
I cant stand [NAME]	0
No, this is not polyamory. It's assholery.	0
To be honest I miss the deep bomb on 3rd and 2. Watching the Browns game reminded me how I always love when it worked.	3
I couldn't agree more.	3
Man I really need to get back into this show	3
Yes, yes he did	3
old ladies are so wholesome	3
whachu mean? I dont understand what being turkish does to ones character	5
That was his scripted job. Fake.	0
His team is chasing away any hope at a playoff berth	3
**<3 I Love You <3** Welcome Home !!	3
Infatuation and love and really different and I've found our the hard way, wait a couple weeks before using the big L word Nice tho :)	0
I always walked in the grass, man. Am I weird?	5
None that I know of. Any mental health issue needs to be cared for like any other health issue. Doctors and medications can help.	3
[NAME] lmao	3
Shut up, don’t block the sanctimony train.	0
Where did the second biker come from?!?! Did be climb out of the truck bed?	5
yeah same issue with hockey short of places like [NAME]. 82 game schedule.	3
We gotta keep our hopes up sometime.	3
I'll miss the podcast	4
Lol idk how he messed them up but they were like eating rubber or gummy candies almost	3
Im so interested in learning more about the Garrison EU.	3
That's an interesting way to do it. I might come off as a little crazy, but this would definitely be an interesting experiment.	3
Ain't that the truth, lol	3
i was in that thread, but i can at least admit it ;)	3
I haven’t seen this format before. And I don’t even know if it’s original. But I like it.	3
I’m sorry. Your city blows.	4
Should be best right now. Speculating on what might happen in the future is pretty pointless.	3
- me when I’m definitely not fine but too embarrassed to admit it	4
Wow two shitty reactions out of order, judging by the way [NAME] looks at you the sweetest.	5
Especially since he did well last season outside of Yankee stadium.	3
but what about my insecurities.	5
Its whatever you make of it. No one can tell you what it feels like except you, this is a journey you’ll have to take alone	3
That’s awesome man!	3
It's right up there with sites trying sell you gold for the coming apocalypse	3
No problemo bro an another thing idk if this will affect you but you can't get your gun license if you get ur card	5
Extol is the band that introduced me to progressive metal in the first place, still my favorite genre.	3
This moment ALWAYS makes me think of the “hzuh” Walmart rat vine	5
Meh, the liga that we all knew and loved went away when [NAME] fled to Italy	4
And Meteor Man Edit: Hancock was a superhero movie too even though it was terrible.	1
I had a guy who just kept jumping off the bridge in Eichenwald to his death over and over.. in a placement match.. WHY!	5
Who the hell has reddit in anything other than dark mode ??	0
Glad you learned from it m8 and hopefully you are doing okay now	3
> my cat needs new braces, Thank you. This made me laugh.	3
I don’t think you understand the meaning of cute	5
People who WANT a border wall: idiots, racists.	0
that's horrifying	2
Thanks man!	3
My dad said, [NAME] was a pin Up girl from WWII. Not sure if that is true.	5
Okay then. It sounds like you have it all figured out. Good luck.	3
No means no? What does that mean between she and I though? When she's doing someone else	5
Seriously. A lot of small businesses especially rely on federal work. I hope this gets solved soon.	3
Poor wee thing is probably terrified somewhere.	2
I think you may be missing some of the public information posted by QCX employees over the past year but I think your posted information is mostly correct.	3
My vanity point for my love for SS is that it has a lance lord.	3
This offseason has been so upsetting	4
Thank you, too. It's nice knowing we're not alone. I hope you stay afloat.	3
I think the mushroom photos are a joke about his penis.......	3
My problem with history in school is we learned about American history every year, which meant we learned a lot of the same stuff over and over.	0
Same, nights are by far the hardest. My STBX and I are living together until June and it nights suck.	0
You're just lonely, dude. Don't mix that feeling with love.	4
I wanted Dallas to win today so they could lose next week. I don’t want LA anywhere near the Super Bowl.	3
I can’t tell who’s wooshing who but I’m afraid to ask by this point	2
"He gets criticized for being too ""showy"" in his dialogue because people dont actually talk like he writes. But I love it"	3
I can’t figure out how to PM you but I have a question about something on another post. Mom of 2 here. 😂	5
Actually pretty surprised that they made it fit as well as this.	5
Truth Yeah keep living in your reality lol Delusional idiot	3
For sure. Thank you.	3
Too hungry for that money.	5
I actually like the progression of the [NAME] story. I think he has a chance to have a fantastic arc between FC5 and New Dawn.	3
Ok but it's pretty cute too	3
I'm not sure if this is /r/titlegore or /r/nextfuckinglevel But I approve.	3
Former HUD secretary? I'll bet he'd make a hell of a brain surgeon.	5
Great point.	3
I am pleased to report that my 5 win streak was broken.	4
Still seems to exist. I'll check it out. Thanks!	3
Seeing [NAME] score on them was unbelievable. How embarrassing!	4
Man I love that flair.	3
That’s so cool! I can’t wait to see when it’s finished!	3
Or you have msdn	5
[NAME] is a moron. Why take the ball away from your best player and give arguably the best RB in the nation the chance to run it out.	0
I see. Thanks again for taking the time. I'm very isolated from the world so It's good to finally talk to someone about those things.	3
Me too. I have so much shit and I can’t imagine taking any of it into my car and piling it that high. Wtf?	0
Please kind sir may I have some more	3
the screw i need is different than what they sell. we tried.	5
it’s what i would have wanted if i was a parent so yeah i’m glad i did something	3
Then there you have it. From everything I have seen thus far, this game is doomed. I hate saying that.	1
This guy - you win.	3
Psychiatrists are MDs. Psychologists can’t prescribe. Not sure what you’re talking about here....	5
Sew up that cockholster son, no one gives a fuck.	0
I thought sex would be a great stress reliever.	3
Good luck! Also, your story cracked me up. I've been going through some interviews myself lately but fortunately they were over the phone 😅	3
But then you regret it because you realize you secretly liked the attention. Just bottom things.	4
Not a nice thing to call your lady friend.	0
Happy cake day brother!	3
I am serious, and don't call me [NAME].	0
"The true perk is ""knowing all the good local spots"""	3
Maybe you just don't like women that much...	0
I was considering making a post with the same sort of thing. Good luck with the hunt!	3
It’s simpler to prove that something exists than to prove that something has always existed, Occam is on my side lol	3
Iunno, I laughed.	3
I've started downvoting people for mentioning meat or animal products in their comments.	0
Imagine thinking you can learn what you need to about parenting from a paper lol	3
I’m just afraid of the reaction. But I know you’re right.	3
Where is the best place for me to sell belt buckles, expensive watches, rings etc	5
I think it’s a bit more complicated than that, it also would appear I may have been misunderstood.	5
Probably clipped wings too, judging by the way it went down. Idiots.	0
Break up? Lol you lost me right there. I thought you were a rational dude until the mourning your “break up”. Decent troll 6/10	3
Gotta cheat on taxes somehow LOL	3
He had better get 1st ballot. He's a legend.	3
Both me and my bf pee in the shower together hahahaha	3
Ah ok. Thank you!	3
Don't let your high expectations of government disappoint you.	4
i used to do this a lot when i was younger lmao glad to see my vision wasnt just mine	3
Wanting to feel sexy isn’t really a thing that applies to me tbh	0
Shit he gets too close to a girl and she's liable to hit him with roach spray.	0
It’s been 2 hours, OP died for a noble cause.	4
There's really no need to test for congenital defects with a mixed breed.	0
Your comment reminds me of that one satirical GTA V radio ad where the advertiser tries to encourage people to beat their kids. It's kinda funny.	3
Of course I have. It’s nothing, absolutely nothing like this. Its just a few much bigger pieces that break apart now.	0
Yes I’m in a 2 bedroom now with a lot more space and yes they live in Virginia but they live in the Hampton roads area	3
I apologize for my error. I'm not currently up to date on my regional flip flop styles.	4
How did [NAME] shave her hair with just scissors	5
awkward edit - aww are you a rangers fan, damnit	4
Boston sports doesn’t deserve anymore titles, fuck the pats	0
He’s just tired and needs to rest.	3
You will also be removed from a jury if you utter anything about it.	0
Call ambulance or police for a wellness check but make HER pay the ambulance fees/ callout fees, not OP. it should teach her real fast.	0
Thank you! Do you know what agency would be interested in this information?	3
"You are like 2 years away from being Mr [NAME].... ""eeeeexcellent"""	3
Could you explain please? I understand each word, but not the sentence.	5
Now I feel like an idiot calling it a beamer for the 15 years I played baseball.	4
Did we see the same scene? [NAME] takes it like a champ. You *gain* points for turning her down.	3
I mean my statement applied to more than just weed but sure...	3
My withdrawal was marked as complete. Likely doesn't matter now though with the servers being completely offline.	3
Had me worried for a bit. As a [NAME], I’ve always been impressed with [NAME] love of their country ( great anthem too).	3
Please, just open your heart with us and tell us your thoughts.	3
Oh go fuck yourself with your BS generalization.	0
You mean the festival up in the domain?	5
Most likely shock that had him so comatose.	5
Hmmm.. this is kind of interesting that our name was even thrown into this mix.	3
I mean some of that is probably true. What a weird situation.	3
Strong and handsome*	3
I love that	3
Wow, they charge you to sign in the delivery too? They don’t make us do that in PA.	5
Also thank you for the advice.	3
I repent. I repent. Oh [NAME] [NAME], I do repent.	4
They’re usually not great actually. I’m shocked at this post. Must have gotten pointers from the Bills social guy cause he’s great	3
Ha! Thanks for this.	3
I'm a danger to myself	4
She doesn’t want me to pay. She also doesn’t want me to have any input.	0
Awesome; two steps back then one forward; so many big devs these days.	3
QB Coach too? Shit..	0
Finally figured out who these two remind me of	5
I’ll miss you, [NAME] Today is a sad day for our high sock loving brethren [NAME]	4
> I miss frequent, monogamous sex enough that I miss a relationship very much. This is really the core of why I want a relationship.	3
Yessir. And I live in Dallas. Stop being salty freefreebradshaw.	0
It's sad, but yes, zero.	4
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **5th Cakeday** [NAME]! ^(hug)	3
Nice dude, aimheros just what I've used.never heard of kovaaks. Thanks for the tip, I'll give it a try tonight.	3
In reality the kid said: “fuck off noob, Genji grandmaster main here boiii”	0
Oh man, good luck man. Stay strong!	3
If we draft another late round QB this year I’ll probably have an aneurysm	3
Your hamstering is beyond entertaining. There are tons of posts, but you can't find any?	3
But [NAME] is fine	3
Wow 40 years at 18 wow how unfortunate.	5
That's my favorite! It smells so good without being overpowering.	3
Yeah that's funny. Girl who didn't like that is probably some [NAME] wannabe thot.	3
I realised that baby [NAME] looked like young [NAME] and it really upset me. So you all have to deal with that now too.	5
I am curious how much he will get	5
Burkina Faso is 1,000 miles of the Sahara away from Libya. Also, congratulations on embracing the sunk cost fallacy so completely.	3
Yeah that makes a lot of sense and I'm glad you looked passed all the negativity	3
It's funny to consider DMC2 had characterization	3
It won't matter how you explain it. He's cruel and insensitive and doesn't care about how you feel.	0
"""Do we need a GoFundMe for automated doors"" hahahah!"	3
Just wait until you're 36 and in a solid career so you can marry a used-up foid who only wants you for your betabux, bro.	3
I lived for your comment. I'm a goofy goober, yeah.	3
You’re right, 5 minutes won’t be enough, earlier could be 10 minutes. Weird how that works.	5
Can you blame us after the article?	5
I like the energy [NAME], [NAME], DFS put out.	3
Revolver is pretty beast tho, 2 shot close range	3
Oh ok! Thanks for the info.And oh [NAME] I can’t imagine what that would feel like	3
It's also cruel how noone is informed about the execution at all. Relatives are left completely in the dark and likely never find out about their execution.	1
no it is not the same. At the level of 3k in income then it may seem the same or trivial to bother with though.	0
Every Saturday for the foreseeable future will be spent studying for the LSAT. Fuck	0
Do you mean they will win 3 championships in 58 years? Otherwise I don’t understand your comment.	5
There’s a weird [NAME] version of this where the person falls and finds [NAME]	1
Good! We need him to serve bops so pop can win some more	3
You must be really slow. Life must be hard for you. You have my pity.	3
Oh nice, VB using him as their own populist tool to grab the attention of the overtly racist and scared of brown people.	3
The fact that 34 thousand people upvoted that painting truly blows my mind	3
"Knew [NAME] would go for it. Again, love that fake-worry shade he throws. Just add ""biting nails"" and he could star in movies!"	3
That's true, and I love pitbulls, but a poorly-trained Chihuahua isn't going to rip your face off, nor are they naturally disposed to aggression.	3
Her parents are all for it, I made a good first impression and they're just happy that she is. Thanks :)	3
Thank you alot, I'll link to it in the post	3
Thank you, LimbRetrieval-Bot!	3
1) I think my least favorite thing our kid has done would be spit up in my mouth. 2) Vomit is worse than spit up	1
bahaha! Love it! These additions are pretty *sweet*! Glucose Guardian has the best ring to it though! 💲💸	3
yes, i know that people think of me as some strange freak because i never talk to anyone and act so awkward in social situations	3
/r/nbastreams is now posting home/away on their feeds, super easy to use.	3
>For those of us who stay, there may be more unhappiness than happiness. Probably the saddest thing I ever heard.	4
Is it you, Mr. [NAME]?	5
Absolutely adore this	3
I don't care for [NAME] but I still love this. Like it or not, he represents us.	3
Yes, I had to drive about 2 miles to the restaurant but I only waited 5 minutes.	3
Thank you.	3
Damn, that was dirty.	1
I still want to know what happened with his ex. One minute they were talking babies and the next, [NAME] was engaged to [NAME]...?	5
We need more vowelled insults so you can spell an Acronym with them	3
I have, Just i cant talk with them now, ill try to as fast as possible, thank you for your advice!	3
I think we still have a decent shot at the playoffs because the hornets are also really bad but I would rather miss it and tank tbh	3
I feel personally attacked on this one. We're good people... : (	3
Which is exactly what ASIRT does...	3
How about breaking into tears whenever one of your friends tells you they trust you because you never understood what trust meant	4
"""We should be happy that we moved from 4th to 5th"""	3
This is his worst season since his rookie year	1
Ahahahahahaha!!	3
I wish I had been born there :(	3
Yeah....each state gets two senators regardless of population. None are favored. Population is represented in the House.	0
There are some amazingly cringey compilations of terrible dialogue from this show on yt	3
Quit talking about politics.	0
I’ve been banned twice there so I unsubscribed and joined this sub. This sub IS SO MUCH BETTER!	3
I don’t think anyone would be offended by calling a group guys. But idk	0
It really is. I didn't know a thing about the feud and it caught me off guard how brutal it was. Enjoyed it a lot though.	3
Look at all the REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE! Lol	3
[NAME]. When my ex and I discussed baby names, I feel in love with this combo	3
I really liked his answer to the QB success question. The Tebow part was also unintentionally hilarious.	3
True, the commonly affiliated ones are mostly just sheer ignorance or things like that.	3
And caressing your hair.. I’m not even a woman and that makes me shudder thinking about that	3
I'd love to hear the theme in the style of [NAME] or the Rolling Stones	3
That's great!	3
Shameless karma whoring.	1
I’ve literally done this when drunk before, I doubt it was you but my apologies nonetheless haha	3
Imagine wanting a crock-pot that cooks enough for one person. What's the point?	5
No. I wishm Why did I stop? Kids work and money. Not a minute to myself	5
Ew her text is touching her photo, what a slut	1
> Imagine the ~~nightmare of regulation~~ flood of unregulated money these guys are up for- congrats.	3
You’re not winning this one. Move along.	0
I'm fully erect tho and I still don't like them	0
Yes. Some things are simply not allowed.	0
*Super Dark Times* was awesome. Those kids were great actors. They really tuned in on the bleakness of the situation.	3
This is yummy. I hope mods dont remove it	3
From where I was it looked like the plane banked right past the 505 on its second pass through downtown. Crazy.	3
That’s a lazy argument. Racism can be defeated with good education and proper parenting but most people are too lazy to fight for it.	0
Yeah, all the stun cannonballs are horrible.	1
About as far as I got too, what a rude condescending wanker he is.	0
That was glorious.	3
you're welcome!	3
This, be yourself she likes you for who you are.	3
Thanks, that's what I was looking for!	3
Okay, thanks. Dont wanna get banned want my rewards from commendation thing.	3
No wonder I can not use my Visa card in China. [NAME] is doing the right things. China must stop its unfair business practices.	3
I hope it sticks for a while. I don’t have super even skin but I can’t stand wearing foundation.	3
I suppose you would take on somebody else's terminal illness if you could. That makes you the opposite of a coward.	3
[NAME] and [NAME] would be amazing, maybe [NAME] too.. The Rolling Stones, [NAME] and [NAME].	3
Do you want to see a picture of my diploma	5
Welcome to the new normal.	3
When you stop making garbage takes, I'll stop correcting them	3
Lmao y'all are in for a real rude awakening with [NAME] if y'all thought *those* were soft.	3
Very scary.	2
congratulations :o)	3
Optimism and emotions got us into this mess in the first place ffs. At least clarify why you are optimistic.	3
You’re the one who is stupid	0
Last time we played this well on January, we had an allstar center 👀	3
I’m a baptist and I laughed at this statement, have a nice day funny boi.	3
Could also be an overwhelming guilt in the heat of the moment. Probably hard to stay rational when you realize you've killed your own friend on accident.	4
Good luck. Netflix restricts known VPN IP ranges. Your best bet is a buddy with Open VPN server stateside and open vpn client app on your device.	3
If I remember correctly, you can't edit a title. I'm not on the official reddit app though.	0
People on reddit love trying to change the definition of words to suit their points	3
Would love it if [NAME] showed up as church lady and played a solo on it.	3
That edge just got fire polished.	3
They should fight to have Vans remove the [RELIGION] star from the back of their shoe.	0
Yeah thanks.	3
I'm so sorry but just do everything you can for you and daughter and of course mom.	4
> Men are. Women are. People are. > > Soon. I love you	3
Because I felt like it, just as you felt like announcing you basic grooming while trying to be insulting. 🙄😏🤷‍♀️	0
Thanks Mate. [NAME] is awesome	3
Wait there are more psychopaths in this world than are diagnosed? Color me shocked	5
fashion now wont age any better.. thats just the cycle of those things.	5
Trash pick up vehicle driver. Uh.. a garbage man?	5
You really think the Senate and then [NAME] will sign this lmao?	3
It's kinda sad knowing that ibises are only scavenging our bins & rubbish due to their natural habitats drying out.	4
The left has hurt itself in its confusion!	5
Bhahaha! I’m sorry, that sounds awful.	4
I prefer console and most of my friends play cod. I still enjoy gbs every year	3
I'm so happy that this worked for you! Go forth, and have unashamed sex in my honour.	3
He posted about white racists on a post that has nothing to do about racism. Pretty sure he is just racist.	0
Im turning 30 this year. We just cant get rowdy like we used to man, i mean we *can* but damn all these responsibilities	0
Keep going... 😏😏😏😏	3
"""Time heals all wounds. Give time time."" Best of luck to you."	3
I imagined as much, but I wasn’t sure, thanks for the clarification.	3
“I love food! Or “I’m a foodie!”	3
Today on someone flamed me in chat	0
Many great years in these jerseys, would love to see them come back as our 3rds with the 1970s originals for the 50th Anniversary season	3
Congrats! You have succeeded in your pathetic life.	3
I’m just waiting for the right director to actualize this subversion of our expectations.	3
fucking melb transport. I knew it would go to shit today because of the heat wave, and it did. the only bad thing about this city.	0
I wish. I got to revisit all the cringy things I liked in middle school. There were almost 1000 pictures and literally 700 of them were memes	3
It's a photograph with one of our greatest ever defender and captain. What's your problem?	0
Haha didn’t even notice. It’s staying.	3
It would be exciting I guess.	3
He’s my #1 pick for HC. Love this guy!	3
I'm pretty relaxed thanks for the concern though	3
That face is awesome!	3
Oh thank god, the TV is safe.	3
Omg I am so grateful for attending your TED Talk. (Not being sarcastic, btw. This is great)	3
It’s my favorite part of the whole week	3
[NAME]? He's an absolute fool. If we need a coach to destroy our organization from top to bottom, he's the man.	0
I really hope web design follows in fashion’s footsteps and starts emulating 90’s-00’s webpages. Such a nostalgic feeling seeing that site.	3
Maybe I’m out of touch, but I see 22-14-6 and think that is typically a playoff caliber record.	3
“Your” people are mentally ill and need help. Go get it ASAP!	3
i wish it was 2 hours :(	3
I wanted to bring to others' awareness here to the site and its absurd name. I've removed the link now above.	0
Lol, same! Except that I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder	3
Worst father ever award?	5
Stop it. You're giving me that warm fuzzies now.	3
This was last year. Didn't go, definitely should have. I'm fine though	3
Dirty secret. They retired the decks until they got a doozy.	1
I used to get messages from neck fetishists a lot because I have a long neck lmao I didn't even realize that was a thing	3
Yeah you're right, I mistyped it. Should have said after 1st and after the 2nd. There's none after the 3rd.	3
Absolutely. It's exhausting.	4
So is that like your opinion or a viewpoint you can back up with solid reasoning?	5
yup today hit me extra hard since im unemployed. i feel like im not meant to work, or meant to do anything really!	4
I'd understand if it was because of his conduct, but because of money? We're the Yankees, what the fuck man	0
Im so glad I grew up killing infants at hospitals instead of being on my nokia	3
I'd say British humor isn't for everyone. I think he was on point most of the time.	3
It is a great line though!	3
I wondered what'd happen if I was away for too long from camp. So cool this happens	5
Crisis centers are not only for battered women they are for abused women as well. From the looks of it, they are all abusing you.	0
It's hard to start over. I wish you happiness.	3
Wonder if her steel balls make the same sound, clanging together, when they're frozen?	5
We love our murder queen	3
Can't say that I do, no.	0
I like it. But I'm not the most fashionable fella out here.	3
At this point, LSC only exists to give socialists a bad name.	0
Is it wrong that I've been really disappointed that I haven't gotten to try out my new snowblower? :-/	4
Haha I've got a mild case of UC, maybe I should be more dramatic about it and use it!	3
It's like an instinct for idiots to downvote without even reading a comment first if they sense the word vegan in it haha	0
I've been a huge fan of them since the early days was wondering about this for so long! Glad they explained it/are alright now!	3
Your husband is a lucky man.	3
And sock puppets. Wow. Nothing out of you is in good faith.	3
Best email ever	3
[NAME] is in no way comparable to [NAME]. [NAME] is an imbecile.	0
Don’t forget sports gambling. THEN we’ll be happy.	3
I like it! It kinda feels like new territory, almost more real than old reality shows. It’s funnier and lighter too	3
Was that before or after the Sulphuric Sphincter show?	5
It's a hit headline from coin desk that has nothing to do with the article--which is glowingly positive for Ethereum and the Ethereum space.	3
Damn bro thats wack. But life has a way to with things she'll reap what she sows. Feel better	3
Omg yes lol	3
*All I want is to be left alone* *In my average home* *But why do I always feel* *Like I'm in the Twilight Zone?*	4
Ex-Marines are the best.	3
An online poll that the Berners didn't manage to swarm? Color me shocked.	5
Ya uh that's gen Z sorry	4
That’s awesome. Feed the gators while getting rid of Pits. Kill two birds with one stone.	3
Ah that makes sense, thanks for the quick reply. I'm new to the world of working so I have no idea what's what.	3
You don't have a Mrs do you?	5
[NAME] fast asleep is adorable. I love how the two blonde girls are asleep and with drool.	3
That's true.	3
They will most likely be branded as PKK symphatizers by Turkish media. Which sucks because next time something like this happens some of them might get shot	0
I imagine it would be helpful for little kids who cant reach the faucet.	3
Say thos: mom, dad, she's busted. Respect my wishes!	0
Did this a lot when I was a kid but never did it as bad as this	0
I actually want to die rn. I don't want to watch the SB but I know I'm going to.	4
No? Lol	3
I can try. That sounds interesting. Its hard for me to not be interrupted at my house too. But ill definitely try.	3
I love conspiracy theories with no shred of proof	3
Congrats on the mild success of your stolen story	3
Wait... so you do or don't have Cole Madison news? I heard he became a [NAME] and he's living in Thailand.	5
He’s legally blind... medical marijuana is a thing bro... got any on ya?	5
It's not hypocritical to find annoying behaviour annoying. The two situations aren't mutually exclusive.	3
Just wondering how they did it visually with all the fireworks going on	3
I was hoping - thank you.	3
That seems like an issue with you not him	0
[NAME] is [NAME].	3
Being the most hated team of the refs is fun huh guys?	3
The part where he carries her to the car had me howling! Poor guy was stumbling with the weight he obviously couldn’t handle	4
Lmaoooo alright sure you did hardo.	3
Breaking News: Man Write Op-Ed About What’s Bad For Women	5
No they aren't.	0
What do you mean if it's controlled?	5
Looks amazing! You've reminded me that I need to organise a good hill walk or two this summer.	3
Yeah, I don't think [NAME] supporters should use intelligence as a reason to talk down to people. I have watched [NAME] speak. Yikes.	3
Dont worry, they are the best surgeons in the hospital and they will remove the tumor in no time	3
I have seen this gif like once a week for a year, and I still cringe every time.	2
That was such a bad yellow, he had the height and positional advantage such a bad challenge	1
Yeah, not having a system that treats a kid that can't read as an emergency is a problem.	0
I hear the ruler's control is remote and is viewed with great reception.	3
Thank you! Not to yuck any yums, but this bloody grease stain looks like something a haunted doll would leave behind.	3
Now defeat your dragons and clean your room.	3
"Nevertheless, it amuses me that they mis-spelled ""literally"", and *only* ""literally""."	3
of course everyones for sure ML isles lose in the S/O lol	3
I love to watch [NAME] play tbh	3
Good luck to you all. You don't owe your dad anything, don't let anyone guilt you into seeing him.	3
Submit yourself to science to investigate this intriguing event.	3
Wow. You don't have any self control?	5
Thanks man I will check into it.	3
"I'm wondering how many players have ""PhD In Punishment"" -comment unironically."	5
I read this is the voice of [NAME]. Great job with the narration!	3
Ah, our primary investigator picks another hole with his salt mining tools. Well done.	3
I've learned everyone in this video is an idiot	0
Lol ratheists suck fedoras!	3
unbridled bigotry that started as a meme but ended... well, it hasn't yet but its not looking good	0
So [NAME] guided the process of canonization but then left?	5
Excellent, this is exactly what I was looking for. Thank you !!!	3
This is why we love Football!!!	3
Who is bored? I happily entertain myself.	3
Don’t laugh the way this game went I actually expected he will lay it in... then reality and [NAME] hit... thanks goodness	3
Were these the platforms they ran on.	5
The old driving range?	5
What then is a good outcome vs a bad? Never mind I get it I’m dumb....	5
Then you're saying its about looks, not the misogyny.	0
Not really the point I'm making, but thanks.	3
Lore wise, this makes sense and I hate/love it with the same energy	5
I feel personally attacked.	2
Pokemon Go has kind of helped me with depression, tbh.	3
I'm so proud to be british	3
He must really hate changing dies.	0
That’s...not even close to being an accurate comparison. What point are you offering by doing this?	5
this kid is really good	3
It's all so beautiful, right?	3
Does anyone have the video of [NAME] drawing the charge I didn't get to see it.	4
Why is this here?	5
The mosquito is my favorite plane, quite curious on how it can be set up.	5
How's the pp looking?	5
So cute! This lady thinks you're hot!	3
Thats not what i said but okay schlomo	0
YOU STOLE MY GODDAMN COMMENT! <3	0
Why is he wearing his little sisters jeans? Bc she stole his juice. That's why	5
So now it’s a habit to live in a country without a running government I guess!	3
Okay thats cool I was asking because I didn’t know y’all better stop downvoting me	0
It's a disturbing read. Have a good time 😂	3
I'll admit. I wanted to be upset because I don't identify as a feminist, but also that dress is super cute omg you are very talented	3
Not sure who to side with now	5
Wow, I wouldn’t doubt that at all. What a crazy situation! Poor woman!!	3
That's hilarious.	3
I can see why! I would totally be offended too!	0
My hero!	3
Oh nice I have that one	3
Oh god. The pages are still Packers though, right?!	5
You're welcome!	3
"But still, crying ""castrate all pedophiles"" because they could be potential rapists is like crying ""kill all men, they are all potential rapists."" "	4
Sex dolls/robots are gonna replace them any away. Funny that. 10 years ago nobody would have thought that sex workers would be replaced by robots.	3
No, I'm saying they are equally critical.	0
>an absolute cuck Only a cuck would use that unironically so yeah probably	3
Good advice right here and good things to think about.	3
Oh man. I had to do it last year. Hopefully my leaders think more highly of me this year.	3
I had this one! he was a precious little angel and I loved him.	3
There is no such thing as 'incel worldview'. Youve been indoctrinated by other subs, most likely [NAME]. Admit that you're wrong and move on.	5
Gave ya an upvote but sadly, by reading this thread its not going to help	4
[NAME] has weird ideas about everything.	0
I mean I still attend regular school, this is just a Saturday school. I'm just frustrated that I have to waste Saturday on this	0
Thats the second quickest way I know of to burn through $1,000...The first being: R/WallStreetBets 🤣	3
I reccomend the lego movie!	3
Dude wtf that was definitely off Brooklyn	0
I want [NAME] to bite me	3
Fry a egg with that bad boy. And you got yourself a nice breakfast.	0
Isnt this a sociopathic tendency? A total disregard to your danger	5
I really hate this family. Nothing but snake-oil salesmen who's negative influence will reverberate for a new generation of young women who deserve better role models.	0
Ever seen a lion limber up before it takes down a gazelle?	5
I did marry [NAME]	3
We all got our thing hun. Embrace it.	5
Oh no! He’s right!	3
Great, good to hear he was positive, so to speak, about it.	3
I did not even realize he was injured...	4
just looked at her instagram and in a video from 3 days ago she does look pretty skinny. skinnier than me and I'm bmi 18.9.	3
I love your writing style!	3
Search results are indeed based on personal search history. The first result I get searching Canadian Soldiers is [NAME], haha	3
That's absurd, people commit crimes blacked out on drugs/alcohol all the time. Also, they could just claim they don't remember it either way.	0
I'm still insisting he is not her dad...	0
Same, hopefully it’s there in 15 years so people have the opportunity to look at it and pick a different brand.	3
Yeah whether or not an animal is cute is pretty subjective, I was just in a bad mood when I wrote the post honestly.	3
How about ditching palm oil, too?	5
Watch your language, thanks bud	3
I cringed so much just reading that tweet, I didn't even make it to the comments. That's my fucking President. :(	0
yes. to the above number i provided :) hope it’s helpful!	3
Anyone else not like optics logo this year. The 2 greens look awful	1
WILL YOU TWO SHUT UP? PEOPLE ARE TRYING TO SLEEP	0
Oh thanks! The bot didn't link it so I didn't know	3
I Play on ps4 so thats a Little uncomfortable but thanks	3
I really like this play on words.	3
Sometimes i think i am cringe, but then i see these people and feel a little better	3
Nobody actually likes tiktok adverts	0
They should wear the Burger King too	3
could you link the course?	5
Ah, see that makes ALOT more sense to me, and how I believed prayer works. Thanks for that	3
Why the social anxiety? You are going on an adventure with friends and are excited not anxious	5
Don't you fucken do it	0
I've found multiple people who fulfill a specific need of mine, and I love them all!	3
You’re absolutely correct	3
It’s selfish to not want to march with people who believe you’re termites and [NAME] killers?	5
"Yes, absolutely. ""But woe to the one who betrays me. It would have been better for that man, if he had never been born."""	3
Absolutely this is the kind of absolute hypocrisy that made me leave the church!	0
Oof, somebody doesn’t like anyone to make jokes or enjoy anything. It least we’re not complete pricks, douche.	0
Oh my gooooooooood	5
Somebody reverse this please I would be so happy.	3
No. It’s not. This is disgusting behavior and anyone who supports it is a fool.	1
Ah the good old Russian Right Hook.	3
Such an ignorant comment, his reasoning is public information and is right	3
i think people who get up in a dizzy over an add that shames bullying and sexual harassment are probably special snowflakes.	0
Definitely not Mom’s favorite.	0
What song is playing? It's so familiar but I can't place my finger on it	5
Welcome back you two lol	3
Sweet. I can get by on beer. Cant sit through a comedy show without an adult beverage of some kind.	3
That kid has the face of a douchebag	4
A pencil skirt is tight around the hips with a slit in the back, not swishy. Does that make sense?	0
It’s not really a surprise that sick people consume more healthcare resources than people who aren’t sick, is it?	5
Holy fuck this thread is not worth it	0
"I read that as ""tarantula Mounting"" and was pleasantly surprised"	5
Geez. The guy had a bad day over a year ago. Let it go.	0
Not all atheists do this, but some do and it's a genuinely strange phenomenon.	3
They should have burned that shit to the ground and used the insurance money to buy another used one.	3
Yeah I think I'll just push her away, thank you.	3
I'd love to see a repo/recovery subreddit.	3
This is so amazing 😍	3
Not sure who they went to, but free in my state (Ohio).	5
The white thing high up in the yellow square is my uncle [NAME] glass eye. Wonder how it got there.	5
As someone who could totally eat three donuts in a row if I let myself, the amount of sugar this woman consumed still struck terror into my heart	0
Yeah buh idk. I’d have to be really horny too and I’m really shy and anxious around him.	3
i want the little polly pocket heart purse so bad but i ain't paying hot topic $40 for it	0
I wish the theme was still larger than life but their outfit prompt was fetish/bdsm wear and that they all posed next to giant sex toys	3
I didn't know [NAME] was a [NAME] Lord.	5
If anyone is interested, I did a play by play of my thoughts here!	5
Come back here and fight me m8	0
Oh I went balls to the wall and got SUPER SPECIFIC!!!	3
If you're smearing shit between your cheeks merely from standing might I suggest you take a wider stance when popping and maybe get some more fibre in your diet	3
they should just stop broadcasting road games	0
What a disgusting pair of human beings, if you can even call them that	1
Additionally, over the years I developed ED and PE... and it sucks. Just thought I would put that out there.	5
ye but that is fucking [NAME]... there is a diffrence between [NAME] and [NAME]. [NAME] is good but he is no [NAME] ;)	3
I don't see any shoes on his feet after he lands. Kid is fucking dead.	4
*[when your pet is still barking at you]* I'm done trying to convince you.	0
Honestly thought they were the same thing, thanks for the correction and the expansion of my terrible vocabulary.	3
I like [NAME]	3
effective java! It's a classic.	3
That is a valid question, I hope it can change, but admittedly that hope is pretty small.	3
Nice little train journey. Come on everyone, shower up before the tour	3
[NAME] black?	5
You're not kidding about the savage energy part. Just look at this man.	0
Apparently not successfully.	4
what’s your favorite music video?	5
Good luck!	3
What a garbage post	1
That's a succinct explanation thanks!	3
Ugh, this is so beautiful. The richness in those colors. It makes me wanna cry.	3
Here's my [NAME]. and [NAME] in front of our tree :)	3
I appreciate that there's correct number of YES in there. It's so rare.	3
[NAME] also slept with his dads mistress, [NAME] is weird	1
That's true, you'd imagine it'd have come up beforehand.	3
This is not helpful to OP who is going through some unbelievable trauma.	0
Same. You run a progressive or I will not vote	0
I think it's safe to say I've peaked. 16/25 on the second half wouldn't all that surprising but I probably whiffed on [NAME]	5
Careful, he's a hero	3
That was the chillest Sharks GDT against an Eastern Conference team in a while.	5
Oh, sorry bud. Didnt mean to be rude	4
ooh thems would be nice	3
At first I thought this was talking about physical piracy (like stealing cargo ships) but now I understand.	5
After awhile I didn’t see anything, just emptiness. Is this article online somewhere? Would very much like to give it a read.	5
Good luck! Hockey season still has a few months to go. Might wanna invest in a punching bag. Two birds with one stone	3
"Makeup existed in 2009 too. Whoever made this is stupid. I hate the whole ""milinials dumb"" shit."	0
I really can't imagine someone saying that if the gender was reversed.	5
[NAME] gets punched in the head and gets a penalty.	4
QP is either extremely depressing or absolutely amazing. There is no inbetween.	0
Nope...this master criminal knewe!	0
That was great, especially as your first video.	3
[NAME] has been a lot better since he stopped doing Xanax with [NAME]	3
Yes, definitely classy. <rolls eyes>	3
"Seriously. ""Haha british people pronounce something funny"" ""Yeah well your children are murdered in violent attacks and your healthcare system puts millions in crippling debt"" "	3
thanks, religious conservatism, for making lack of education chic.	3
I always suggest Laser Quest downtown, it's a blast!	3
No idea man. Go check that one “study” done thirty years ago where you got that 40% from.	5
What tickles me is how much you seem to dislike [NAME], despite being exactly like him lol	3
Well shit, then it's just like [NAME] wouldn't let me complete a maths degree just because I'm ideologically opposed to this 'algebra' thing!	3
I hope for his sake his name isn't on it. It would be much simpler legally if it isn't.	3
I think they're doing it so they can ignore the fact that [NAME] served [NAME] to champions at the White House lol	3
Thank you for your service in the military and your attempted service in the patrol. [NAME] bless you.	3
I can't believe you would call me that and act like nothing happened. Honestly, what's wrong with you	0
wow octane is pure garbage lmao	3
Thank you, next	3
I’d love a new Governor to do it. [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] are all talented orators.	3
Yeah, I don’t trust them either.	0
Totally and sorry for that	4
Nah, just gotta aim better.	3
You don't go to college to learn. You go to college to have sex with college girls.	0
Suck Fat Women.	0
It’s my birthday too! I’ve always love it!	3
not sure you understand what this sub is for	5
Yes, I did, not once...here is my full story: Story of my dead bedroom	3
[NAME] is a good basketball player	3
At least they didn’t destroy the shoes	3
As a non-immunocompromised person I like their stance.	3
Oh, I don’t know, maybe... Vaccinate?	5
I'd love for someone to pay a little attention to me	3
If loving the Falcons along side my Vikings is wrong, *than I don’t want to be right.*	0
All I'm saying is there is no way I would let one solo drop my whole team with a quad 0% chance	0
31/M/I don’t know, I’m blind.	0
That's amazing, wow! People can be so good.	3
That was awesome!	3
Wow, the menacing head shake...(shivers)	5
You’re an awful troll...	1
I just hope [NAME] isn't pulling the wagon. Would hate for her to throw up.	3
I enjoy cycling too much lol	3
Yes I prefer smaller boobs	3
Did you even read the article? It's 1 anecdote and she wants to return because she misses her family.	5
Y'all taking this way too seriously...the point is they're both fierce.	0
Thanks, never heard that one.	3
Mine too!! Always thought it was dyed from wearing mascara, but I haven't worn any in a while	5
Props to this guy, that was an amazing comment.	3
Any broncos fans out there that care to weigh in on this? Interested to hear your thoughts	5
This team + 2 lottery picks and another offseason for our young players will definitely be a playoff team next year.	3
If it's used as an excuse to fuck the onchain throughput, it is.	0
Hell's Kitchen. I bet that man could make [NAME] cry.	3
Where did you get that? Highest I’ve found is Donagal at 23%.	5
Ya shitty. But people cheat. I dont know what to tell you 🙃 the world sucks. Just live your life	0
Because a thought can qualify as racist without intention of effect in the same way that a thought can be transphobic without intention or effect.	5
From one eating disorder to another. That's not recovery that's just sad.	4
Lucky bastard the cool change came 5 minutes into the wedding	3
I love how he misses that last punch when he goes down lol. Like, thats when the liver shot really sunk in	3
Guys have been asking this throughout history. Trying to get laid without commitment is not okay. Marriage is important and so is the paperwork.	3
Yes! And the one who embarrasses you by dancing and singing in the car while she's driving you and your friends home.	4
It was a good sub before the porn took over	3
Ya know... a helmet never hurt anyone	3
I'm curious where this girl ended up today. She'd be around 33	5
Oooooffff. That's real awkward, but I mean that somehow still ended better than I expected so.. Kudos ig??	4
Thank you. Give her and your other doggie extra kisses for me. ❤️	3
I still miss the north hills bottom dollar :(	4
I care too much about what others think. Constantly trying to cater to their feelings or worrying about their opinions.	3
I mean if my wife looks like that when I get married then I’ll be quite happy.	3
I had a friend who got cussed out hardcore because his last name was [NAME] “koons”...and that was his exact response lol	3
I really wish my husband could get his sleeping disorder under control.	3
I stopped worrying about showing vulnerability years ago but there's still nobody there.	4
Holy crap! A stunning play by mentally ill newcomer u/justforyouthlogic	3
Omg [NAME] he’s there because you don’t listen. You ass!	0
Sorry, should have searched for the artist's name. Karma Decay is a lot less reliable than I thought it was.	4
Doesn't suck nearly as bad as Metropolitan Grill. I'm surprised that place is still open.	5
Yes! Love me rotties!	3
Skin starvation is a real thing. People can actually go crazy without social physical contact. Take care of yourself OP. *hugs*	3
I dont even try to land it, half the time if I am flying low a building or the ground will suck me up and destroy the plane	0
Thanks! I’ll take that into account in the future!	3
What the fuck is this doing in a cryptocurrency sub	0
This video was close to being the most famous video in history	3
literally everyone until there is not a single potential enemy left on this earth that's how fascism works, buddy.	3
Yens are worthless. That's like, wait £10? For pants? Jfc you have a point.	3
You’re better off going to University	3
Sorry, there was a little bitterness in my voice from how my father treated me. Not directed at OP. I am in the wrong.	4
I love the jab berto. It’s literally in thin air.	3
This is how I know I'll have a good time!	3
They mean staged. This video is portrayed as a real occurrence. It might be, might not be. Don't really care.	5
I'm all for not getting too crazy because we've had a rough stretch, but [NAME] scoring twice hurt. A lot.	4
Love that car	3
That’s cute wth	3
The finest example of an egotistical, ignorant and racist piece of trash. Humans like this disgust me.	1
Better to spend the weekend in jail than get convicted of something you didn't do.	0
You have just been r/woooshed	3
Take some time to ponder why you fancy yourself intelligent when you revel in pedantry and can't even understand such a simple point.	0
Hence what I said, it is just as illegal yesterday as it is today ... literally nothing changed	0
It took me 14 years to secure my AA 🐢	5
So it may be occasionally a little more time, I heard their juice is A+ quality at a great price.	3
Trolls are okay in this sub but let's be more serious here	3
As someone who just drunkenly told his boss what everyone else said about him behind his back, I can agree.	3
Yeah I was super surprised by how good Trench was, probably my top album from last year	5
Fortunately, those defibs only require being able to read to operate, so that means a good 5% of most corporate drones could run one.	3
Oh sorry, I forgot there isn’t any paperwork involved in getting a gun.	4
Turns out you can polish a turd. The trouble is, it's still just shit.	0
Therapists hate this trick!	0
I’d love some actual lore relating to OW as a whole not just slapping names on single characters once every 6 months	3
Thanks. I was leaning towards the 11:05 tourney at MGM since it's deeper stack and slightly longer blind levels.	3
Just don't stop with the damn good cooking though please lol.	3
It's fucking incredible how many people would like you if you would just make eye contact and smile at them. Fucking incredible	3
Why did you get it in the first place?	5
You’re not going to win, so you have nothing to worry about.	4
Where did they film it?! Is it at real Pine Gap? Love the show, binged first season one eve😍	5
Jokes on you I have one of those fancy electric toothbrush stands!	3
I started out by being sick.. and the realization that no one is going to help me... Not even my family not friends.	5
Can someone explain to me what's stopping [NAME] from pardoning everything [NAME] even gazes at?	5
So does he want to go back to being hunters and gatherers? How can humanity improve with no governments.	5
"Really love the ""Midtown Yards"" greenspace in the Mikyoung Kim design and also the Agence Ter design. "	3
Lol love that [NAME] and [NAME] are both [NAME]. And [NAME] as [NAME] is best choice. Should have brought puddy in though. Hah	3
That didn't go the way I thought it would	4
Not cameo, reference sorry	4
If you've got a problem with [NAME], then you've got a problem with me and I suggest you let that one marinate	3
You would be better off to do some makeup tutorials. Save yourself the headache of dealing with hormones that you don't actually need.	3
First and foremost you have to Love YOURSELF!!	3
No, thankfully.	3
Don’t worry, he’s more afraid of you than you are of him. Just act tough, it’ll work...maybe...	2
Full schedules have been The end for us before but This time I have hope	3
I hope not, i was just sharing what happened to my bud. GL man, hope you get it figured out	3
He looks pretty fresh in most everything. Yes homo.	3
[NAME] I love you but there is a top 15 game on	3
>[NAME] Why? I'm curious what you're thinking.	5
They usually do hoss, hence the steak and beer hard to be sad with good food.	4
So happy for you two !! ❤️	3
i definitely remember the times i embarassed myself or regrettable actions i made from years ago	4
Gotcha, thanks. Sounds like it's just my ignorance of the game.	3
no clip as an example to backup your claims?	5
Thank you, you're awesome	3
The suspension bridges are awesome on sunny days	3
Maybe because [NAME] didn't actually made a joke, he just pretended to be stupid	0
All I ask is to not embarrass us on National TV like they did against Philly.	4
I usually just refer to it as concealed carry. Cuts down on some of the tla overload	5
Hope you enjoy it! Try not to leave it too long though, it's been taken down before.	3
Huh that guy seems cool, they'd probably lop his head off.	3
Lord, he is extra sensitive. And I thought my ex was bad lol.	5
Love Mac n Gold	3
"My dyslexia read that as ""McFucking brilliant"" and I was wondering if we could make it a thing."	5
Didn’t see anything about exercise or nutrition in there. Shits important	3
Welcome <3	3
I’m not listening to a fucking plant.	0
I wish i could upvote more than once	3
Oh shut up. Quit being dramatic. Another option is... THEY COULD HAVE A CONVERSATION ABOUT IT.	0
I hope he loses just the end so it looks like a trimmed cigar	3
These are completely unrelated. Please review	0
I see BOTW and now I'm waiting for a group of grown men to watch shitty old movies.	0
Seriously doubt it will be Knights of Ren, but that would certainly be a great way to get people excited and build hype.	3
Funny I’m on my second play through and this happens...	3
Let's be fair to them and say not forever. But at least until I die.	3
I don't see how it can get to -1.20?	5
Maybe I have inaccurate memories re: Carolina and Boston is a better third	5
How dare you disparage a 3D printed JV riding a goddamn raptor	0
I think this is a normal human emotion that a lot of people can relate to.	3
Thank you for the vote of confidence, but this experience has really effected me	3
I'm not counting on them getting elected. I'm counting on them putting enough pressure on the Conservatives to actually become at least a little conservative.	3
This sub is very very bad at irony	0
Yes, I remember when I said that. Thanks for the reminder!	3
I cried reading your last posts. I’m so sorry about what happened. I hope you are able to make a change in their system.	3
The numbers are literally in front of you and not interested and zero categories have different votes. I’m genuinely starting to question what’s real anymore	5
As I understand if our Libel laws had been as shitty as the ones in the UK he could.	0
It's nice to see someone regognize my username :)	3
Thank you for doing your service. The world is now a better place because of you	3
I'm sorry to hear that things went down like that. Good luck with everything.	3
"This used to be the biggest circle jerk for dayz ""guys its alpha!"" Oh' how the mighty have fallen."	3
Nice ;)	3
The Netflix version is being produced by the marketing team for the festival. It’s gonna be great to see the different slants	3
Better than selling our souls for a fucking trophy	0
Glad to hear it has kept going strong. And employed your dad for that long.	3
Amazing. Roasted sweet potatoes as well are dynamite	3
They ate not hot, they are just annoyingly humid.	0
I think Limmy's Show is really hit and miss. Some sketches are funny, others are just poor.	3
Grado SR80e is what I have, $100 and the best headphones I’ve ever put on	3
At some point in the season the whole bench is about to do it lol	3
You can’t	0
I swear no ranked team can go without losing to an unranked team for very long.... that’s why I love college basketball	3
She looks like a [NAME].	3
im glad that's not what the game is about then	3
Um, I was agreeing the context was indeed *very* different. Not sure what you're getting at.	3
Nope. Just running from people wielding axes like a normal person. Instead of acting like a tough guy on the internet like you.	0
For cart pushers, I can’t recommend getting good winter/rain gear highly enough. Good socks and waterproof/resistent shoes will make a world of difference.	3
“The weird thing is she’s got a tattoo of our company on her back...” lmfao	0
honestly, individually he's been awful so far.	0
For those behind stupid WaPo	0
That's...kinda...why...i...used...the....phrase.	3
It's like 20,000 words about a teenager. Fucking insanity.	0
Replacing pillows often is also important. Buy more less expensive pillows. I love pillows from Ikea.	3
No. Arizona would be more useless than Italy. Let them win their own battles first before they help us fight ours.	0
Fair enough. You know him better than any of us do.	3
She haven't tried contacting me in 2 years, i guess she lied. Congrats to me, I won the 'miss you more' game. ):	4
[NAME] is scary	2
Don’t ever apologize for calling it that. The Beach is a [NAME] movie, not a Toronto neighbourhood.	0
This made me chuckle. I hope it is raptors v warriors in the finals. That’s gonna be a fun series to watch.	3
Yeah, clear off. And tell your mates you had a horrible time too.	0
every time you see the snake edge and still get hit even though you *swear* you were holding downback	4
In the right photo, he looks like my friend's husband.	5
Oh so now we’re not letting plays finish before calling offside cool..	3
That was an old-fashioned Good old hockey brawl! What a fight! [NAME] definitely got the best of him though!	3
Dont worry about the other people. Driving is filled with way too many other anxieties to have worries about dropping a deuce in a truckstop bathroom.	3
Sex is not a right! Porn is not a right! Viewing naked female bodies is not a god damn civil liberty!	0
It is a long panel but very insightful - skip the intro pleasantries if you want, but you will have seen enough by the 30 minute mark	3
Why does every comment here have at least one reply that is like an essay long	5
Fuck it; just marry everyone	0
I’ve been on team [NAME] since he won the axe toss competition after the draft, lol	3
READ A BOOK YOU FUCKING CROOK.	0
I’m tired from working hard and I want someone to snuggle me to sleep	2
When has the Alt-Right ever been working class? Its always the richest white guys who are horribly socially inept.	2
Purdue's worst loss is Notre Dame (93 Kenpom) New Mexico is 187 in Kenpom. Good try tho	3
That unconvincing bottom right though hahaha	3
Let people enjoy things	3
It kind of blew my mind to see that after reading some of the most generic advices in that post. Who the f* upvote these posts?	0
How dare you hate [NAME]	0
The “targets” so far has been guilty.	4
I find the joke chill and reasoned	3
He actually looks pretty crackin'	3
You got down voted.. but you're absolutely right. I am now looking into one. Sweet.	3
Then it was effectively them pissing on your territory. Same with the bed. They don’t get to pass the threshold again!	0
Wtf did I just read? That was painful	4
i love all harper news because i love the shit storm that ensues on here.	3
Fuck that, he can go to Cleveland with [NAME] on that bullshit.	0
This is brilliant.	3
ohh. thank you for explaining!	3
I hope that the talk goes ok. Though with these justno's it may not. I'm glad that you are prepared if it goes south.	3
Let's all go to Dragon Laaaaaand!	3
Was stabbed by a pencil when I was younger, can confirm gave me all the knowledge of the universe.	3
Not everyone is as Europhilic as you, and that’s okay.	3
I actually watched this entire debate just now. Holy shit. [NAME] is a legend. [NAME] would be proud.	3
Yeah but people are dumb and mesh everything together because thinking about specific situations is clearly too hard	4
That makes sense. Thanks.!	3
Because the first part of the day was pretty lame, amirite?	5
FFS. I find very few things more upsetting than reading their vile, twisted thought processes.	4
Well you got me. Interested in seeing what other E rides people got	3
As funny as a sinking school bus.	3
Exactly, i've never heard of dutch lessons on school anywhere in the world !?	3
ain't that just a beatiful thought	3
[NAME] you are a freak.	3
It’s shame that despite the years of dedication, persistence, and hard work. His efforts are reduced because of his height.	4
80 minutes too late	0
I'm more annoyed at the Labour MPs that didn't vote for it - I expect more from them	0
weird how they feel the need to announce themselves	1
Nah. It's their job. Just tip well	0
I'm sorry *what*	4
Funny that you name her when shes one of the only judges that uses her brain and ethics to make decisions.	3
That fellow sure is one hell of a sweet talker!	3
No, she tried and failed lmao	3
Have a good one!	3
BP can bulwark counter A good number of deflects and even drop attacks We have more than that to worry about	2
TIL [RELIGION] are the second biggest religious group in Arizona...I'm starting to see why it's been red for so long.	5
That’s a sweet hoodie	3
>It happens plenty. Good to know. I would have expected to see it on the wiki, especially if many atheists *do* believe in objective morality.	3
"I love his reaction. ""That was amazing"""	3
I would eat the everloving bejeesus out of that pickle.	3
Yet... here you are, a nodoby whining about others accomplishments on the internet. 13 year old you was probably smarter than you are now.	3
Keep your head straight, stay on your path, and stick to your guns.	3
It's definitely not that simple mate! It would be nice if it were. Where's the part about inflating your way out of trouble for example?	5
I'm glad the republican won cause I want the best high I have had 5 back surgeries and need another.	3
Well that’s horrific	2
I’m glad I’m not the only one who thought that.	3
I peed off my deck at -30 yesterday, very disappointed when it didn’t freeze before impact.	4
That’s sick!	0
Its amazing how fast evolution can take place.	3
No worries! Sometimes wires get crossed, I missed the mark as well.	3
I find it funny the same people obsessed with “owning the libs” call others “intellectually bankrupt”	3
I don't know who [NAME] is but you're killin it in that sweater!	5
That's ma'am!	3
Sounds like you might need some time out in the re-education camp. You are getting frighteningly close to realizing that our system is designed to keep you imprisoned.	3
I sould have assissted in the stabbing, even ceasar would have been surprised by the amount of stab wounds on that little shit	5
Tyl has got to be the most cringey, condescending thing I've seen on Reddit in a while.	0
Thanks for that, I just turned 35 and considering nursing and starting over too	3
Absolutely you are doing the right thing. She will not take this decision lightly. So be prepared for the fallout now.	3
Can't blame him. As an [NAME], everything I know about American Football came from Eyeshield 21.	3
Fun game. Good expansion too	3
You're welcome	3
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA Oh my god.	3
You’ve really added to the conversation, thank you. Stop reposting news articles for karma it makes you look fucking pathetic.	3
Ha ha ha. That was a good one	3
> like beer, is a waste of time Sir you forget yourself!	4
me. i’m the problem. i don’t think anyone can help me anymore.	4
Don't post this on Yelp. She'll hate you for life!	0
Cant wait to start working my placement around that area!	3
Nobody traveled from Ahch-To to Cantonica or vice versa iirc, so this doesn't make a lot of sense...?	5
Nice try my guy.	3
Yeah take a read	3
This is gold!!!!! Im impressed. Very accurate.	3
Thank goodness I’m safe. Don’t sound so disappointed.	3
hmm... we don't need [NAME] now, we need ball retention	0
Get out of my head.	0
Good to know! We didn't get any when we went Friday evening, but we can try again.	3
I'm glad I'm not the only one that allocates points for road kills.	3
I don’t like [NAME] very much either, but she’s not a mess here.	0
I like to think they put that joke in because of the meme	3
Guys, even worse: He *paid* someone to set it up. Wow.	0
thanks i won't click	3
It’s not so much the heat, it’s the humidity that’ll kill you.	0
This might be the worst FO in Orlando magic history	1
What the fuck is The Baffler? I can't even go there at work.	0
Still a statistical minority by a great deal.	3
So do I. But you can't just blame it all on the dude.	0
Same here. I appreciate the truckers in this sub and how they emphasize safety.	3
Correct, there is no such law that obligates a woman to make her body available to gestate a fetus for someone else's convenience or amusement.	3
Cognitive dissonance. I don't support diagnosis via internet but she needs medical help NOT a medical license.	0
The entire generations thing needs to die. What are they useful for? Feeding the ego of some dumbass on the internet?	5
I feel like [NAME] isn't a legend.	0
I’m glad you do feel genuine, unconditional love for your own child :,)	3
That's awful. also i think I just realized why I have so much trouble finishing the last bite of food. I get all anxious about it.	5
Yeah, I see you’re point. Thank you	3
So... no nerd here to say the stomach doesn't really do that? Is this Reddit or what?	0
I see. Do you think my best bet is to buckle down and earn some OTR experience?	5
I think they honestly don't realize they're self-contradictory. It's not your ordinary, everyday doublethink...	5
Why is everyone smoking out of straws and shit?!	0
Thank you very much that was quite swell of u sire	3
I was rather curious to see the True North Church receiving $1m from the lotteries commission.	5
You sound jealous as fuck. Work hard and you too can drive a nice car.	3
No faith! Shame!	4
[NAME]: B [NAME]: B The real reason to vote these 2 to these tiers is because having [NAME] be the only A tier performer is a goodmeme.	3
Thanks, that's an important point I should have mentioned.	3
You're a brave man for trying claw, I tried it for a week and eventually got pissed and bought an elite controller. Paddles for days!	3
The light socket doesn’t provide any light, so it’s useless.	0
Yeah I guess, still going to try to keep a log of my feelings as a way of venting them and getting them out of my head.	3
Thank you, I will def look that up.	3
We sincerely hope not.	3
Finally some appreciation	3
Mf perioded on my new sofa	0
It says I love to make myself laugh	3
Finding that common attraction or chemistry is extremely hard for me. I can totally relate to this.	3
Weird that a movie star is dating a hot young model?... like what’s weird about that	5
Guy or girl?	5
lol since when do you have to go to a orientation?	5
Thanks. I'm contacting them now.	3
Oh you'd like that, wouldn't you?	5
I now understand why everybody gets pissed off at these weak ass pump fake fouls.	0
i truly believe compulsive, chronic cheaters are sociopaths. no empathy, compassion, and they're impulsive and manipulative	0
This is too cute :)	3
So happy for you both!	3
I like the high ground suggestion. Thanks	3
yes, very sexist	3
> extreme poverty is re emerging in the west. lol	3
Every time I see telomeres yknow who I think of?	5
This was driving me NUTS!	3
But i like being the trickiest of traps 😣	3
Its the same AS to go to a bank and to say My kid loves money give him all of it	3
This is the worst advice I've ever read. You should be ashamed for posting it.	1
Oceania is my favorite Smashing Pumpkins album	3
She knew the magic words. Luckily it doesn't seem like anyone else was harmed.	3
I love how all these suspects greet [NAME] like an old friend.	3
So true, their track record isn't great. Feels like you can only play her in limited ways or die though.	3
Right? I'd launch myself at him. Beautiful looking guy. <3	3
That creepy realization that everything [NAME] says is projection...	5
No seriously, why do you have the Daily Mail app on your phone?	5
This whole thing is ridiculous, I love reddit sometimes. ... and I'm sure reddit really loves this ridiculousness too!	3
Wish me luck fellas need Houston +8.5 to win $1700ish currently 113-114 Come on gambling gods	3
This chick is a lunatic now	0
He forgot the most important law : Everyone can be stupid, and everyone will be at some point. Although he does illustrate it very well with his article.	5
You goatta be kidding me!	3
Look, I knew the end of that last sentence in my mind. It's not my fault you can't keep up.	0
Holy shit!!	5
Came here to say that. I'm genuinely astounded that it's as much as 12%.	3
I love how she has no idea what to do. Like stop drop and roll 🤦‍♂️	3
I can’t wait for socialist Norway to collapse.	3
Woah Dude!!! I would be freaking out	5
My father has been dead for two years and it's still been difficult to not talk about him as if he's still alive.	4
You are absolutely stunning and you’re a triple threat. Black is beautiful! And you’re intelligent and very pretty.	3
Yeah I guess in perspective it really isn't a big number at all.	3
PARENTS: VACCINATE YOUR FUCKING KIDS OR THE NEXT NAP THEY TAKE WILL BE IN A COFFIN OMFG	0
We’re honestly not doing that bad besides [NAME]. Clear pen, unlucky. Let’s hope for the best in the second half	3
OMG thank you. Just thank you all	3
I am so glad that your grandfather learned better and was able to share his story of growth. That takes humility in learning a better way.	3
No. There's a fair amount of nudity, violence and foul language.	0
Sneaky ass ESPN changing their app so I almost accidentally purchase ESPN+ for the low price of 4.99 a month.	5
Just shut up dude	0
Just because you lack critical thinking and reading skills doesnt mean i am a moron, it means you need to learn how to think for yourself.	0
There shouldn't be a rule against it. That just makes the target even softer.	0
[NAME] damn it, dude. Are you trying to ensure every gun owner in PA votes red? Because that's how you do that.	5
do your own homework	3
I mastered the smelling weed in public. Just ignore them.	0
That arena announcer is irritating.	0
Lmao the revolution is here haha	3
Even though it was fake, the Olive Garden commercial was pretty good.	3
People will go mental hoarding food, so you should be hoarding food, not like those idiots that panic. I'm confused.	5
You guys are a problem.	0
lmao so many dumb fouls from lsu	0
Do i just need to watch just 'some' or all of them, oh and what about his books? I gotta buy them too right?	5
That goddamn wink slayed me. Swoon so hard...	0
That face in 0:18. That's the face of happiness	3
That's amazing...I have to admit, Google making me do this while on VPN has moved me to Bing.	3
I also love that her correction was wrong. But all the bustling millinery on The Island can do that to a person.	3
Sweet thank you!	3
Being adorable mostly	3
what's a friend	5
That's how Catholicism works.	3
Sadly, that’s not the interpretation that many elders in your church have made. See: the Australian Royal Commission into Institutional Abuse. :(	4
I liked TB 18, too bad it tanked.	4
I love this	3
I hope you bundle up too, Mr. President.	3
Good grief... cushion those talons with some toilet paper or Kleenex next time. It’ll give you better traction, too.	3
What a joke	3
Well done, OP. Thanks.	3
Crazy stuff! Gets 80% to shatter before taking any damage. That positioning is on point!	3
>Some ~~drugs~~ people are just... Scary... Some drugs tend to bring out what's bubbling under the surface, so in that way, yeah.	2
Looks like wood. Could be wrong.	5
Here for [NAME], love this.	3
Love their channel, with tracks like these I'm expecting them to become a full band	3
Condiments suck. Mostly because I love them so much. Why cant they just be free calories?!?!	3
I love how people ITT are deploying x/2+7 like it's from [NAME], LOL.	3
Sounds like you may be demisexual? I know I am. Just wouldn't be able to be casually intimate with someone personally	5
This just made me feel so much better about myself :)	3
Damn it, why can’t I give this multiple upvotes?! Sending love for this from the US.	3
Why is she the absolute worst	1
Uh no. He hates [NAME]. Not in A kayfabe way. He doesn't like [NAME] at all.	0
And pizza. Don't forget pizza. The roof of my mouth feels like a battlefield after I have eaten a hot pizza.	3
*me trying to get it* OH!!!!!!!!!!	0
Omg its hannibal cooper	5
He could run for President of the US and WIN!	3
*aggressively tells friend I love them*	0
Dude you need some help...	3
sweet home alabama	3
It's like...I knew where this was going and I still laughed.	3
This was the one post that truly frightened me about the insane left. They are a cult, and not on our side.	2
Seek help.	3
This is the only thing I care about from this entire season so far.	3
I'm feeling hope for the first time in a long time.	3
They do a great job until one pops free and smacks you in your junk.	3
That's the kind of person who'd fuck up making you a plain hamburger. That sack o' shit needs to be sent through a wood chipper.	0
What a neat gesture!🤗	3
Man, this analogy is frighteningly spot on. Makes me sad for the province.	4
Oh, the horror! We must defend the honor of Lord [NAME] against the scum of r/NFL!!	2
“It’s different because I deserve it.” These same assholes in rural areas.	0
Hell yeah. I'm really just thinking about the irony and double standard of the Left. It's amazing that these people are that cognitive dissonant.	3
plus what if something went missing? even if they didn't steal anything it would be an awkward moment.	5
Yeah no, I don't support people being questioned by police for any opinion actually, a sentiment I expect many people on here share.	0
This is the single most wholesome thing I've seen on reddit. Proud.	3
My one regret is not making an account sooner. I lurked for a long time because I felt like I didn't have anything worth saying.	4
Nah, you're nice peoples who eats pickles.	3
Cali is getting rain this weekend so going to miss that	4
so she's no one..?	5
Nope. But if this also occurs in Dallas, that’s quite disheartening. :(	4
I'm pretty sure [NAME] is the single most reported character in the game.	3
Yeah, I’d definitely wanna be baked for that	3
Another picture of [NAME] please thanks	3
"Lmao ""guys I was *coerced* into sending her a picture of my junk"". That just sounds dumb as hell "	1
We have youth and depth on our side. I feel good about what we have. If the Cubs have 2 injuries to their rotation they are toast.	3
I've tried this and I chipped my tooth on the tiny fork cause I'm used to plastic lol!!! I'm a mess	3
Reading this made me clutch my nipples in pain	4
[NAME] did a photo shoot with the first presidency. Hilarious	3
That's not the plan. If it were, the backstop wouldn't be controversial. The plan is divergence.	0
Yeah i didn’t say i had the answers. I’m just hoping for the best	3
yes, also most donut shops like those are cambodian just fyi.	3
No that was my cyst that got removed today lol	3
I’d love the current battle system blended with the old system of sneak/blending and a modern day story that Ubisoft actually care about.	3
Congrats dude! I hope my shitstuation turns around as greatly as yours did.	3
I'm so glad you weren't physically hurt	3
Obviously. If we were able to make such logical risk/reward assessments it wouldn't be a problem.	3
Incels dont get laid regardless of age limits. Sorry dude	4
"[NAME]: ""WTF, it's just a prank bro!"""	0
How are you 100% positive that you're pregnant if you haven't taken a test yet?	5
Weed has never killed anyone. Until now.	3
Ya did good, kid.	3
Oh I haven’t even found those! That’s hilarious though.	3
Haha sorry, I make hip hop music 😂	3
hm so overall was this video a + or a -? I'm trying to figure out whether or not to publish it lol	5
Thanks. Sounds like a bummer about 3, but maybe I should go back to 1 and check that out again.	3
Wait, australia is like this? I remember carrying a 4 inch sheathed knife as a kid. Nobody batted an eyelid.	5
Go for it. I could use the excitement.	3
You can humanize and normalize everything.	3
Enjoying oneself automatically makes an action harmless?	5
dude stop your gonna make me cry. This is horrible please don't do this STOP right now. Dont it's just not worth it	2
I think it's the pass rush and that nobody can stay healthy and, but it could be [NAME]. He's not the greatest	0
Seems like it was supposed to be funny.	3
Are you feeling any better? :)	5
We've had so many stories about [NAME], that we do NOT need any about Florida lady. LOL	5
I can't stand when a team member has no shoes, the sound drowns out other sounds for me and its just incredibly annoying to listen to all game	0
I upvoted this comment because I'm a dumbass snarkball who doesn't know how anything works.	3
Thank you! That's the explanation I was looking for.	3
My wife with BPD hasn't even kissed me in over a year. Get used to it if you're sticking around.	4
No. Going to a competitive high school was harder and more stressful than all my adult endeavors combined.	4
I’m sorry should I have brought my make-up wipes and washed my face during my MRI? Or my ultrasound? Find some peace, man.	4
I remember writing on them was horrible. Slight delay which threw me off combined with the letters ending up looking like crap. Whiteboard was so much easier.	2
good point I’ll keep that in mind	3
Anyone here know what kind of rifle he's carrying? Looks like an Israeli Galil but I'm not sure.	5
Also the world is round.	3
I'm a university student and even though I have a job, I'm going to find out about this at school. Thanks for the tip!!	3
Loved dropping in from the crack in the ceiling and going out in a blaze of glory.	3
I fucking hate [NAME]	0
The first comment wasn't but when you not wanted you should just fuck off	0
Good, don't want speeders in my neighborhood and keeps taxes lower.	3
I've edited my comment. Still a shitty game.	0
im driving and i cant stop screaming i need to talk to someone in sorry	4
I think this is the first time I’ve ever seen this joke.	5
What a pretty young lady	3
Watching it deteriorate into a horrific dystopia. Healthcare costs. Dental. Low wages.	2
Lol, how much XP you get for that?	3
THIS. Thank you for this.	3
[NAME] I wish we had a free pass to say that 😹 Would make my days so much easier	3
I believe that people with the disease give it a chance to mutate when around people who are vaccinated	5
Thank you XD	3
">I keep wondering when I'll ""slow down"". Hopefully never? Knowledge is worth pursuing for its own sake. Never stop being curious. "	5
Thank you. This sub is the one place I feel understood	3
Don't worry, he's getting Karma.	3
She said on the VR Aftershow that she had hooked up with girls and had a relationship with a girl before.	3
Either they don’t understand the meta context of it, or aren’t fans of such a meta ending.	5
[NAME] I didn't know this reddit, the comments are wonderful.	3
Ahhhh That's rich.	3
The worst part is that if you had done the exchange, you probably still would have gotten in trouble. Gotta love retail.	3
Gl hf team we can do this! :[NAME]: Whole team leaves	3
It’s been a pleasure, as I’m sure it always is with you.	3
Yeah I had android and was having difficulties but I was able to get it easily when using my gf's mac. Thanks!	3
Hah, serves him right.	3
praise be to the dark mother!	3
Only when they have dirt underneath them, now that’s disgusting.	1
No man. Door wins!	0
And those poor kids are still paying for it. And we have actual grown adults that are bullying them even today.	4
I don't remember if I've entered	5
"Not only that, the ""improved controls"" aren't a thing at all. I'm not re-buying Blood Money for nicer graphics. "	0
[NAME] type awkwardness that some thots go nuts for.	4
The one fucking thing my home town has contributed besides alcoholics and [NAME] and its a fucking backwards feminist horseshit theory.	0
One million points for Slytherin!	3
I CAN DOWNLOAD ADS BUT NOT THE THING ITSELF FFS	0
"""We lost good people on both sides"""	4
You must be fun at parties	3
Huh.. Well that ruins it :/ At least the cats fine	4
Someone please make a gif of [NAME] smile after that 3	3
Where do you plan to go?	5
[NAME] has really given his all in the second half. He must be exhausted	3
You are totally right!!! Complete waste of time	0
unrelated, but i love your flair	3
You clearly don't understand alimony.	0
WHAT THAT EXISTS AS AN LP???? I want it so badly ;___;	5
I have so many questions...	5
He literally laid in pain on the ground after the fight longer than the loser did	4
Excited for season 3 too. Winter is getting too cold	3
Is your brother incel? Is your dad upset you came out ugly?	5
Mob mentality makes it worse. Four man SWF groups are generally, by far, the most toxic people in the game.	0
Knowing the only evidence they had was your confession: priceless.	3
They have problems for sure.But they don't have YOUR problems.	3
I actually like my vagina... I suspect it’s actually my husband that is the problem	0
What really got [NAME] bigger that much?	5
"Sounds like another data point for ""fear homo Sapiens"", haha. "	3
Because deep down you know that you really don’t know what you’re talking about. Be grateful someone told you.	3
Don't worry--reminders like this are exactly where grizzled old guys can help out most.	3
You are correct. But sometimes you might have a plan or you have to improvise. I’m glad it worked.	3
Weird, never had a problem	3
Because nothing he says was remotely sexist? Sure it could have escalated but what he said was pretty tame.	3
Thanks!!!	3
Solid as a rock!	3
I accidentally swiped. I don't have time right now I swiped for ego and got it so I don't actually want to talk to anyone.	0
ITS TO THE POINT WHERE I LOVE AND I HATE YOU	0
Done, sorry about missing that before.	4
really hope that is the case. Gotta keep the optimism up	3
That was truly disgusting	1
It’s legal in TX but with restrictions. Traffic has to be moving slower than 15mph and the rider cannot exceed 30mph	3
The person next to you has a high chance of having candy or something cool packed in there so it would be nice to have variety	3
Stick to your arts degree, the men will keep building this province, regardless of having to fix garbage the TFWs built.	3
Honestly, it's a great sample of the world as a whole. One articulate person can steer an entire crowd of idiots to do anything.	3
Some bioshock shit right here.	1
I'm the same. I prefer sad depressed dudes and idk why. I know I like taking care of people though..	3
Yeah your right thats why I dobt rush things, Ive accepted things take time	3
Some of us can't do syrup any more. :(	4
Thanks for that..	3
Piracy is going to have a massive increase in the coming years.	3
It was totally worth it.	3
Can you imagine the amount of backlash she’d get if it was ANOTHER [NAME] collab? Omg.	5
Yeah agreed, it’s great to see!	3
You’re gorgeous girl! 🔥😊	3
"""it doesn't count if you're drunk""? Wow.. Imagine that being used as an excuse in other situations."	3
My mom wrote a paper for me once in 5th grade. I got a B-. Needless to say, I learned my lesson.	5
[NAME] damn that apron bump looked like it sucked	0
And those kids made fun of the people doing it just as much as everyone else. Source: i am a high school teacher.	3
I’ve seen him on the facebook page! Thank you!	3
Definitely was a nonononoyes for me there lol, I'm a horrible person	3
Dayyuuummm!!! If you ever get another one, you know what to do. (Record it)	3
I was rooting for the saints. There’s no way in hell the rams will beat the patriots	3
Sucks that [NAME] won't get to play [NAME]	0
When I see [NAME] venerate icons it makes you wonder if they have OCD. /s The joke is that [NAME] cross themselves more than others in my experience.	3
Oooh I see! Oh god yes, [NAME] is one of the best things about England. I also quite like [NAME], for my sins!	3
It's the same couple of people. The only thing I really dislike about this subreddit is that it swings to the left too hard sometimes.	0
You need to talk to her openly about this... without shaming her. She’s being open and honest with you. Your turn.	3
Like I said please have a great day !	3
They're absolutely relaxing in this 3rd quarter, 7 points in 5 minutes so far...	3
Yes my man	3
Every team is beatable just maybe not by us	3
The nfl has been the outcome of ref interpretation and flag throwing for years. Why are we surprised this continues?	5
[NAME] is a guest speaker in one of my classes this semester. Can’t wait.	3
[NAME] punches here are so desperate and have absolutely zero power in them. He was outclassed so badly twice in a row after such a dominant run.	4
Wonder if the balls are deflated... that worked well against the colts last time.	5
Stop crying.	0
[NAME] there are so,many. But my favorite are: Hold you in my arms ~ [NAME] Dont forget me ~ Way out west [NAME] ~ [NAME]	3
The latter is correct.	3
Some fragile egos seem very upset at the ad. womp, womp.	4
No worries, good luck!	3
I know you're annoyed, but can this sub not be a place to post screenshots of poor opinions from the other sub? It's getting overwhelming.	0
Yup! Lol	3
This made me smile. I watched it on YouTube.	3
Omg just drink some water then bro lol	3
I agree with everything you said!	3
He has never had success	4
Def not nypd lmao, but u hear you	0
Agreed. Reverse the story so that a girl makes her boyfriend shit his pants before going out and suddenly it's funny.	3
I opened reddit to masturbate then I saw this. It's hard but... it's the right thing to do Thanks! Take it easy :)	3
I know I am very worried	2
remember when he scored 4 tries in a game? that was cool	3
Its hard to look at. Its just gross.	1
All this theft should be reported to the school so it can go on his spermanent record	3
Thanks dude.	3
Sounds like a fun game. Our home game around here is .05/.10. Its fun but not very exciting.	3
It wasn't a good idea then... it's been 10 years, why do you still think this was funny?	0
That was straight up reckless	0
I know many bf who would be excited for that	3
>Missing skillset >Guy I mean, I don't want to say it's *free*, but it's pretty damn likely.	3
I think that's what I'm going with. Thanks guys! u/krazyM	3
"""I'm a libertarian. I get attacked by both sides lol"" ""I voted [NAME] last election"" Uhhhh what"	3
Have a nice day	3
Why aren’t we putting guys in for garbage time?	5
[NAME] dude I’m sorry. That’s their problem now. Bump some [NAME] and keep moving forward.	4
I wouldn't get your hopes up until you've been dating a while.	3
thank u, thank u	3
Mr. [NAME]! Nooooo!	0
Thanks! I'll work on this next time!	3
"I can't stand [NAME]. Especially since her ""tatooing my own face"" video. "	0
39/43, turns out I need to follow the academy team a little more...	3
I'm happy that you got the [NAME] back, some people just don't have respect for others and think that they and their kids deserve everything	3
Ha me too. I’m afraid we’ve been called out	2
HYS is the worst Internet comments section. It makes Youtube comments look like Gardeners Question Time.	1
like 2lbs worth of potato and toppings at her grandmas every damn day. I love that show as well	3
Not my sub not my problem	0
while it's debatable how big government should be, I'm glad someone isn't advocating for private fire departments again. that was such a disaster	4
Just try the free trial. I got bored of it in 4 hours, so no buy for me.	4
I wonder how Florida will like him hahah	3
BURN IT DOWN	0
Wear you're ear pro kids. Styro plugs are cheap, and don't ruin the concert experience.... but it will save your ears.	3
YES! Here's to us HAPAs!	3
Great protest! Not being discouraged by the weather or paternalistic criticism, good on them!	3
I need this in my veins now.	3
Good to know 😊	3
What a legend.	3
In my few years playing I never knew this ... I feel so lost now	4
I saw your missing post and hoped you found your baby! I'm sorry for your heartache	4
Fuck me daddy	0
You're clearly upset tho, you're not doing a good job proving your lack of caring	4
Don’t let them get you down man. Nothing wrong with a cozy night at home by yourself.	3
Heat is one of my top movies. The whole thing is fucking amazing.	3
Tf what it this for a motivational speech?? Tf is fb doing to these kids	5
YUP. I’ve been healthier since the new year FINALLY smh	3
Steven universe is a kid’s show that is also aimed at adults. A very intense 1 hot episode aired last night and people are excited.	3
I’m sorry to hear this. Live a hell of a life for your mate	4
I'd love to see something following her younger days. Also something STRQ related would be awesome.	3
I want to get rough with him. Choking, tying me up, light BDSM.	3
Maybe. The only other time both sites of players should be fully baked is just before a world cup but that's not a good time either.	5
Ah, this may explain all the untimely heart attack deaths we hear about for those who opposed the state or whatnot	4
Conservatives now hate dancing... anybody surprised?	5
"Wallah Lmao It's ""voila"""	3
I just want to die. I don't want to keep trying.	4
That was fun.	3
the idea is bad dude. that's the problem.	0
Didn't even know it was my cake day lol. Only lasted 5 to 10 minites, wasn't too bad	3
You dropped a ‘want’ in that last sentence my dude	3
I thought Detroit or Oakland . . . and both have fantastic areas despite what pop culture might lead you to believe.	3
Love this twitter account.	3
thank you maybe its just best if i forget it.	3
It is hard [NAME] damn work, making something this pretty look like a chump!	3
I've seen some unfunny comment sections on r/jokes but this one takes the cake.	3
Also that college is overrated because they are or know a welder or plumber that's makes 200k .	3
Lmaooo I’m sooo gonna use “As asap as possible.”	3
Feeling better now?	3
r/puns might appreciate this. I know I did!	3
Clear disregard for the Turf Protection Act:	0
This is why you should only ever do incremental payments based in the work done.	3
i say no or in da club if they come to damce with me i walk away	0
I would pay good coin to read that love story.	3
Nothing but net. He got a few phone numbers then ghosted lol.	3
Yeah exactly man haha. Not just that core is bad but hc is always more fun imo	3
How much money did you find exactly? If it was a lot then you probably took their cash and the bones were left as a warning.	5
This was wild, laughed the entire post	3
I dream of a world where that won't even be an option.	3
"Was the song ""New Light""? I'd love to see the vid you're talking about if you come across it"	3
Hmmmmm that is interesting. I wonder why you were told different. I think I'm going to email support and ask.	3
It wasn't fair on the rest of the list, nothing is good as Tim Hortons.	0
I hope that stays on all their programs from now on. Would really add a new element to Corrie.	3
Omg I used to do something similar?! Yeah I’ve worn so many hats and then just kicked them to the curb.	4
unblockables and cc moves do not affect him while in bulwark stance or at least he can also counter them (not sure how the stance works)	5
From my point of view the freefolk are evil	0
It's not you, Taco Bell is grade D racoon meat and isn't fit for human consumption.	0
Your Beauty shines out of you, than you for this lovely post.	3
Take my up vote...you owe me a punchline you bastard.	0
It started to compute for me when I was “right” all the time but never ended up getting what I wanted.	4
Don’t get your hopes up for new armour	0
I love me some RFM. My wife said he talks like a robot.	3
You're gross	1
You were disappointed in 2014?	5
Perfect. Thanks!	3
I still can't believe those guys got nominated.	5
Man I remember playing street hockey at desert breeze growing up, good times	3
I can't believe you're giving these trolls the time of day but good on ya bud. Epic post.	0
Thanks for sharing.	3
Spoken like a true man. My science teacher supposedly has ramblings about “not touching people.”	5
No. Well...maybe. Good point.	5
Wow, whereabouts in Croydon are you it wasn't this bad where I am!	5
Dear OP: Proper punctuation please/thank you.	3
wtf i love basketball again.	3
Have to agree. The government welfare and biased divorce courts which are enforced by the state are to blame.	3
Damn that sucks dude! Personally I’d fill the soil with barbed wire so when they stick their hands in they’d get nice and cut up	0
I think those red hats increase their IQ by -1	3
I’m curious, do any other coaches do this?	5
I graduated in 2002 and had history books that ended with [NAME] 2nd term. I had great teachers but terrible materials.	2
Happy Birthday [NAME]!	3
I'd be happy with a Goff win too. And you can't hate Brees. Rams vs. Chargers would be perfect. final score 72-70.	3
That's still crazy to me as it's the same price online and in store here. We just have a flat rate.	3
I wonder how many managers you've pissed off	5
I don't find it awkward, it's relaxing and I want to enjoy having some else wash and cut my hair.	3
love that the block against AZ is in this. what a year for Kittle.	3
The reason I play quickmatch. I wont feel the shame..	3
Glad to see people actively calling out yet another asshole on here pretending to want to help people. Good show!	3
Ok thanks bro for the opinion. I’m trying to settle a argument.	3
Hang on so Im not allowed to stroke your dog? Thats sad.	4
Man. Really bad last possession there. Bummer.	0
Hah haha ha hah ha I am going to use this one now.	3
We are. EU regulations, laws created by the European Parliament. Don't say something that is blatantly untrue	0
I guess I'm confused why beliefs are not voluntary. The link talks about conclusions based on that but doesn't seem to address the premise.	5
That kid is beautiful	3
It's not like the picture looks bad. Wait, no, I take that back immediately. I can't unsee it now too.	4
I guess electronic was not in the top 20. The legendary [NAME] with his 2 excellent performances got the #5	3
Until they find out oh she went underground 🙄	4
The way that ladder is attached to the building is pretty terrible.	4
I mean, it is, slowly but surely. It sucks.	0
Thank you for telling me !	3
thank you for the suggestion. i'm not on fb though and would prefer not to be, as far as that goes.	3
Those scars look fairly recent. Just remember no matter what there are people who love you and will support you unconditionally!	3
Interesting, I’m going to have to pay closer attention. Thanks.	3
Doesn’t sound like it’s going to work out, sorry dude	0
Haha I was just thinking that. You've become a very diverse club. The Hobart Darwin Tigers. Training facility in Wagga.	3
Best comment ever.	3
yeah I can see myself in that too. I lost all feeling for responsibilty. except for going to work.	5
Everyone's job is tough so why not treat everyone with respect?	5
I really hope not. I want a more feel good intermission, I’m done with being yelled at by angry old conservatives.	3
Nothing more attractive than someone who's compatible with me and has a great personality.	3
he knows there are tribute bands, right?...	5
Good thing he realized this was pointless before he resigned from his state senate seat. ^/s	5
You guys are horrible. I love it.	3
How to reveal you’re not sexually experienced	5
Insensitive tweets don't help, though.	3
3:32 excuse me what the fuck.	0
"""I refuse to argue with anyone born before 1980: They don't even know how to rotate PDFs"" That is exactly how this stupid argument sounds"	0
Love anytime we can work [NAME] into a conversation.	3
Don't they already have a decent backup in T. Hill or whatever that guy's name is?	5
Oh look another stupid comment, original but not unexpected.	0
Probably. Wouldn't be surprised if our current generation essentially lives forever...or well until something like climate change puts a stop to it.	5
Bahahaha this is gold.	3
Imagining doing something this drastic all alone is just... I can't fathom the anxiety. Man.	2
> Consult /r/ssbbw (NSFW) for a better answer. Thanks. But no thanks. I'll take your word for it.	3
All good man haha	3
Why is this not 5x5? It hurts my eyes...	4
Thanks, not sure how I missed that. Fixed it!	3
Buff *Nurse*??? Lol, this has to be some god-tier shitpost or something	3
gotta love my s-tier talking to people anxiety haha wait no i don't 😎	3
Like the Whitehouse is getting stale the fuck on now.	0
[NAME] looks hot in her 70’s outfit.	3
So I've never seen [NAME] before and decided to Google it out of curiosity... Cheers for that	5
> I refuse to believe facts	0
Please don’t do that. You can do better	3
I will mate. No worries.	3
It's a shame that so many experimental psychology studies are still using such dubious statistical practices.	1
Skyrim kinda aged poorly but I still keep coming back to it. Might start another playthrough soon.	3
yeah. thanks for your reply	3
I have pledged myself to truth, I don't remember signing a pledge.	5
Reminds me of [NAME]	5
Definitely valid in my case. But let's remember our friends who have had or are currently having a rough time when it comes to family life, as well.	3
I'll continue to be dumb for supporting a company I like. Thanks for your input poor.	3
Not available in my country. Can't believe this has to be a thing in the modern age.	5
I agree. I could tell she was really upset.	3
Well, that was dumb.	0
yes, because I like her already anyway	3
Stop all the bullshit. Keep AB. Pick one.	0
[NAME] is such a wholesome woman. The world needs more people like her.	3
Im sorry, my autocorret happened. But i think you can read between the lines? Or maybe just go full r*** :)	4
Great. Literally nothing is sacred anymore.	3
Partial reopening within the next two weeks for services to the [NAME], but unfortunately for some a lot of the government is never coming back from this.	4
first alien is hotter tbh	3
Also known as the song ice cream trucks play. I was wondering why it sounded so familiar!	5
"I dated a girl from Broomfield Colorado. She'd end sentences with ""yo"". I ended us."	3
Yessss thats it ...thanks	3
Funny how it do	3
It is a fictional llama...how much PC do we actually need?	5
Who are you again?	5
I'm surprised they play the national anthem at derby bouts there, been to many bouts in Minnesota and haven't once heard the national anthem performed.	5
"ITT: People saying ""I'm doing to get downvoted for this"" and then not getting downvoted."	0
You are disgusting.	1
Dutch bros made this a legit drink. It’s their cold brew steamed I believe. Edit: spelling	3
>Just be glad he didn’t kiss [NAME] mum. that'd make a good storyline tho tbh	3
Congratulations! It's an amazing feeling isn't it! 😍	3
Tell him congrats. And that he srsly needs to work on his bunting; it's just painful to watch.	4
His estate still have property in places like ireland. To this he has grounds rent paid to him	3
Wow, a Walmart Truck Stop. I think that would be outstanding! They should do that everywhere, I mean they already have the land.	3
"I'm curious who those four are? You can't count [NAME], because he never ""endorsed"" him."	5
Right!? I'm glad someone else noticed. I was horrified when she trespassed into a stranger's home. So violating!	2
thanks for the quick reply I am very bored. what anime do you like?	3
I love lions. Wouldn't want one in my house though. Might scare the dog. Same thing with children for me!	3
OMG my [NAME] hates it too but she does it to me all the time	0
Sorry but this is too rad to be cringe for me. This is like if [NAME] was a general.	4
visit your school's career center and speak to a career counselor. he/she can help you with referrals. good luck!	3
Tbh I couldn't tell if he was serious or shitposting	5
[NAME] thats real? I'm so glad i unsubbed from pics	3
Nope, you weren't in the wrong at all.	3
But what did he druer? Sorry. (Im not sorry)	4
Happy birthday 🎂!!	3
I resent being lumped in with the group you are referencing, but thanks for sharing.	3
This has the makings of a great painting.	3
Lmao I have like 12 days played cop farming who even does that anymore oh my [NAME] you’re pathetic for even bringing up ages	0
Suck really hard and hope it ends soon? And don't swallow!!! Bleck - sex is so much better with a woman.	0
And yet, it’s bad to manipulate people. Which is what the in laws are doing.	1
Calling a 40k salary a humblebrag is still pretty funny in a self-deprecating way.	3
It's rape after they've both consented? You're what's wrong with society today, try to be less of a dipshit going forward.	0
It's a shame cause I spent countless hours squading up on BF1, then played the BF5 beta with high expectations only to be very let down.	4
Can [NAME] just shut up and appreciate her dog?	0
Wow I’ve never seen that one and I love it! Could you share the picture?	3
Maybe check the song title one more time chief. Love the song tho. Also today’s a Scared of the Dark kind of day for me	2
What would you consider to be oppression of women?	5
Oh lol. I always just typed them out manually. :hamsad:	3
DON'T TELL ME HOW TO LIVE MY LIFE.	0
And always say I love you. My SO is an officer and we ALWAYS say I love you before we leave each other.	3
***Y'our*** so funny.	3
Great idea! :) I'd be happy to give her a good reference!	3
No need to apologize. It definitely put things in perspective. I’m just glad your DD ended up ok.	3
Beautiful shots. Makes me want to finally take the jump into photography.	3
Does he report it to the police? I didn't see that part. I believe him. Stranger things have happened.	3
Not unexpected this election was gonna be a brawl between him and [NAME] from the start.	5
Was hilarious. RIP Roman	3
Same. Glad it's not just out store.	3
I agree. This is the real reason why I hate wearing pretty clothes and makeup. It's like putting lipstick on a pig.	3
Everyone else's obsession sounds useful... I get obsessed with certain actors.	3
Woof thank goddddd I changed my flair	3
"If she is sorry at all. Could be more along the lines of ""I am pretending to be sorry so I don't get fired."""	4
True, haha. Anywho, have a great day.	3
Ohhhhh that couple!	5
I feel like they're blaming the school for them doing exactly the right thing.	1
Everytime i see a T-Wolves game and i see [NAME] running around with the number 67 jersey on i just laugh	3
Im glad to hear it !!!	3
Quit being a panzy and just have a laugh	3
The only way this is OK is if their kid made it for them. But then you feel bad for the kid. Lose lose..	3
Yeah I didn't like getting clawed from that far away. IF it has that big of a hitbox, it shouldn't be that far reaching	0
It's good	3
I honestly can't tell if he really doesn't care or if he's just soft af... or maybe both lol	3
I miss him so much during the NCAA tournament.	4
This sounds like the kind of comment my weird uncle would leave on my Facebook post.	1
I love [NAME], but we have better characters to trade for him. Leave [NAME] alone.	3
One of the better shutdown memes I've seen. Have an upvote.	3
The best music for the best voice....epic & timeless 🎶❣️	3
no the first part about UK becoming a failed state. Why do you think a lot of [NAME] would not want this to happen?	4
I GET BY WITH A LITTLE HELP FROM MY FRIENDS	3
Have a good one, mate. I wish you all the loves. Here, a potcoin for you.	3
OP inserted the F into “of” to make “off” and now it’s truly upsetting.	4
"Really didn't like. I thought it was nasty and mean-spirited. ""[NAME]"" on ice it isn't."	1
[NAME] alright dude	3
Mugging is just how we show love around here. Respect our culture.	3
Unbelievable! Here. Have your iPad back. Not interested in being treated like a criminal. I’ll write home with pen and paper	5
That's true, but I was surprised to find absolutely ZERO information about a person who , presumably, has quite a bit of power and influence.	5
Well i gave you my reasoning, if you're not interested in responding why waste you're time being annoying.	0
I would agree. It's unfortunate and brutal in its content and in the responses in the thread	1
Sigh, that was beautiful 😢	3
Orange man bad is a much less funny meme than the actual image here.	5
I'm going to Rome for a second date. The joys of Bumbling while back home for Christmas and meeting another emigrant.	3
I just guffawed at work. I hope your lawyer takes him to the cleaners.	3
"What is the point of this app? Not much is given on their page on the app store other than ""fun"""	5
Yes.	3
Ha, ha your mad!	3
I think it's a r/fuckyoukaren joke	3
The [NAME] make beers? That's news to me	5
Lovely. This is a good deed and he should be lauded for it despite whatever else is going on around him.	3
[NAME] seems to be really honest in the meaning of lore. She supports [NAME] from the very beginning.	3
Agree completely with this statement	3
Funny that dinner sized is larger than lunch sized wherever you are. Seems like a very specific cultural thing.	3
I'm glad it helps, best of luck on your journey. You've gone 7 days clean, keep doing what makes you clean for 84 more!	3
If they are [NAME] supporters who are now reaping what they sowed, the laughing is appropriate.	3
[NAME]? Yeah, that one hurts.	4
Welcome to Texas though! Go explore it!	3
Is his face always derp or is he just uncomfortable? Because I rarely see a pic of him where he doesn't have some kind of derpy facial expression	5
You look like [NAME] from firefly :)	3
Always felt like this match would go 5. Come on [NAME]!	3
I'm literally in tears right now. Everything you said is true oh my godddddddddddddd.	4
[NAME], buy me dinner before you go to poundtown on us.	3
That sounds plausible. Lets hope that you are wrong for both countries' sake.	3
I you use a /s .... Don’t know what to say to you m8...	5
What the hell	0
Don’t really hear him except for the offseason and his accent isnt really overpowering and annoying.	0
"Running theory is ""Schnee Dust Corporation"" but I don't think its been confirmed."	5
It's not unheard of but there are certainly candidates ([NAME]?) who aren't quite to her level on guns.	0
Even more so. It would only make our prison (this world) even more diabolical.	2
Rusty you the bomb! I'm okish now but just knowing you are out there makes me smile! Cheers! xoxo	3
That would be **[NAME]** Who is also awesome.	3
I’m jealous.	0
Anything is a dildo of you're brave enough	3
This is just sad. So, so sad.	4
Woah woah woah... people have different taste? Stop trying to give me some perspective!	0
Different agencies, I guess. My agency would have the whole squad felony stopping these clowns.	3
So unsurprised by this, one of the most hated people in the music world.	4
This post is inappropriate for this subreddit.	0
Thank you for charging your fucking phone!	3
For real I thought that shit was on loop lol	3
its like waze but for people in debt	3
No no forms or anything. I was pleading with them not to go and it seemed surreal that I was being forced to go	4
"If she is hot and has nice shoes...""I like your shoes."" "	3
What's there to disagree on..... it's pretty apparent	0
I first liked [NAME], but disliked her after [NAME].	0
Upvote for you, and shared the cleverness with my wife!	3
Damn I didn't realize we just locked up the season series against the jets. That's good to see.	3
True but he prob loves football more and def enjoys playing football over baseball	3
I WILL NOT OBEY THAT ORDER, GENERAL!	0
This truly is the best a man can get.	3
Ok, fair enough... This one works	3
take my arrow. so fucking true	3
Ohhhh now I get it Omg I'm so stupid	5
anyone who hasn't seen this, it's unbelievably bad.	0
Cider, its an acceptable drink to get drunk when you don't like the taste of beer and too much of a man to drink moscato	3
I've never heard of him. Do you have a link? Curious to see if he has any videos on accents I'm familiar with.	5
personally ive noticed some of our sars are coming out darker than normal so idk loo extra strong i guess	5
That moment when you can't even get mad when you realise it's another sad boring troll with nothing better to do than creating alt accounts .	0
Nah I'll be right thanks [NAME]	3
Personally my number one ST love is [NAME], [NAME] is a close second tho.	3
scared for sure... scared of how much money we're gonna have to pay him it's gonna be all the moneys	2
Omg, there is a wallet made out of a dead squirrel on that sub! *SUBSCRIBED*	5
1200? I thought it was 12000! Ohhhhhhh. Dr. Now’s not going to be too happy with my weigh-in dis munt.	4
I can be convinced to like any trade right now but it all comes down to the return.	3
I completely agree, I just think there is more of a chance of Clowney getting tagged than [NAME] getting tagged a second time.	3
Danm you can hear that little bastard squeaking.	0
Happy New year!	3
my [NAME] this is just *yes*	3
Your mother is an idiot. If she somehow proved that you were an unfit parent to your children your stbx husband would get them not her.	0
Happy Cake day.	3
I wish you to experience exactly the same feelings that I'm experiencing	3
Oh we're doing this again huh	0
Oh. It really is [RELIGION]. I was wondering if that was a bad gag.	5
Most of my friends are [NAME], and I respect them. I don't think they'd be offended. Sincerely.	3
This reminds me of suits. (Currently about to start season four.)	5
Still can’t blame him.... we’ve all been there	0
I feel ya.	3
i hate that it's over an interstate bridge so people traveling from the west from other states have to look at it edit* because it's fucking corny	0
Many people are saying this is true. Great story.	3
5 hours late!!!!!!!!! omg.	5
Might relax you a little bit but definitely don't expect some amazing buzz from just 1 15mg pill. 15mg might feel like 5-7.5mg diazepam.	3
Yeah, but nobody takes McD's hamburgers seriously.	4
this is def an ad to buy doritos, but ill be goddamned if its not a pretty cool recipe	3
Wow i didn't really expect both the explosion and him to live	5
Bleak but may be accurate. I wonder - are there examples of other franchises that went down the toilet, but that then actually make a comeback?	5
Wish you good luck	3
My class size until 5th grade was 6 students...wish I had more classmates back then.	3
Make this a weekly PSA, please!! Lmao	3
Python2 end of life will be nice, though.	3
Can this guy just land himself in jail already so we don't have to hear about him anymore	0
I’m hoping so. I either make peace with it or I decide to move on	3
That's awesome! Thanks for sharing the event!	3
I will dude. Have a good one	3
By far the coolest thing I've seen on this thread yet	3
I don't know who that is so it wasn't intentional	0
Oh man you sure showed me, good job champ	3
well there's a pretty damning set of pictures there, ace.	3
Being the best [NAME] in SC2 was like being the best [NAME] in basketball.	3
Hmm. Never saw a COMMENT downvoted!	0
Everyone knows that the rich have a secret cure for cancer! /s	3
And that’s it? Then they’re a [NAME]?	5
I wish they would put dfs in for [NAME] right now	3
Man.. I really loved that team.	3
oh Ye crazy again for 2019 huh	3
He did tell me we would play catch when he returned so I am excited about that	3
Marketing! That’s a great word to describe what they do.	3
Love the song! First one I’ve bought in a long time	3
At least the crazy lady didn't hunt ya down mate!	3
that's hysterical. two legitimate babes.	3
I don't know why he'd take it like that, he was gone for so long so someone was going to do a show like that.	0
I completely understand why some people would want to report this, I just said that I wouldn’t. You do what you think is right.	0
This team isn’t winning the 2019 cup. I’m focused on 2022 and beyond	0
I agree with this coked-up fiend.	3
Gaaahhh. That one would hurt.	4
I think I just view her even more as a friend instead of as a psychiatrist. I can’t help but worry about her wellbeing listening to me	3
San Diego is fucking awesome! This is coming from someone who lives in arguably the best place to live in Canada	3
Well I don't think it works the other way around. As someone who is incredibly insecure, I am also definitely not a narcissist.	0
come on, Redwings won, Knights need to win. give me another 2-fer, baby!	3
I, too, am a lot of fun at parties. We can stand together in the corner!	3
This guy should go to HELL	0
Poor attempt for karma I think	4
Glad you answered your own question.	0
I sorry didn’t want to disrespect peep but as i said i needs to be dark and about something i like	4
This is such a good game so far from literally all of BIG. THIS IS THE FUTURE BOYS!	3
Yeah I’d love a before and after!	3
Practice your speech before hand. In your head and in the physical world. Then keep doing it until it no longer scares you.	3
YES. I have been reporting this incel bottom feeding buttcoin troll for two days now.	3
As an NHL tv subscriber I prefer that home broadcast, but I see your point. GO KNIGHTS GO from Oklahoma!!!	3
This is great in contrast to the [NAME] and [NAME] drama	3
Stumbling out of a closet in full [NAME] outfit... I'm afraid it's not	2
I am so mad I haven’t thought of doing this. Just brilliant	3
That’s a statement I can actually get behind. Not because of anything he’s really done, but that Scientology stuff is... weird.	0
Thanks for not running our prospects in the Pre-Season anymore!	3
A TECHNICAL Lmao.	3
I think he’s likely to be a platoon player with Mad Max this year.	3
And even though it’s only half carbonated at this point it still gives her those weird wet talking burps.	0
Ty going through a lot right now and this made me smile.	3
"Even [NAME] has said ""I'm happy *for you*"" to pregnant women he's known."	3
Yes, that is correct. I knew what you meant though:)	3
Glad to help!	3
It feels like an ironic meme. How is this not ironic?	5
It's so beautiful out. If only the sun wasn't so consistently low.	3
I like, don't like it!	0
I have a feeling if my car won’t start my ETL would come and Uber me to work	3
Good luck buddy!	3
I personally am very proud to be a vegetable. Corn, to be exact. Corn pride y'all	3
I have almost 5 months now. If I can do it, anyone can. You got this baby ❤️	3
So many inaccuracies here.....	0
How are we playing, just tuned in	5
It took me a while, but then I realized your friend was one of the “weird guys”	5
Wanted to see if someone *wood* eat it or not.	5
Haha I should probably clarify it was family owned and managed	3
This is the shitposting I love	3
Wait, how do u know he is a therapist	5
Think this was an underrated signing. Dudes such a beast when he’s on, can go multiple innings.	0
Seek out a therapist? It sounds quite depressing n I wouldn't want it overwheming me.	4
No its an edited one by someone on this sub, I can't find it though.	0
It's always nice to tell someone a pleasant story before they go to sleep.	3
Yeah take it slow..I mean you waited 7 years you can wait a bit. Hope it will turn out good for you guys	3
[NAME]! Big fan of your graphic novels!	3
lol dont worry im aware, just thought it fit more here is all	5
He was in a state of shock lol	5
[NAME] play fake mad is great. Sitting there starring like he’s the most hardcore fan there is	3
Hoping Heavy Machinery get the win. Would like to see them as champs.	3
Right? No one brattier than incels.	5
Come on, I want to know how it goes.	5
So glad I moved here.	3
That's what I tell myself, too.	3
That sounds kinda crazy. I bet you voted for [NAME]	3
Yep, and because you do, you’re going on the highway to hell	3
I don't really understand what they are even proposing or how realistic it is to implement. It just sounds like empty words.	5
The emoji at the end just made me want to slap her	0
Bro, put water in the microwave and see what happens, we're like 70% that shit	3
i love you [NAME] and and son [NAME] and the holy spirit love	3
Then when you dropped them that was it for youth group cred for the night. Lol	3
[NAME] GIVES BARRIERS NOT SHIELDS. LUCIO BARRIERS GIVE ULTS. HAMMOND BARRIERS DONT GIVE	0
I'll die on this hill with you. Amen.	3
Well this all started Wednesday. But I’ve been unhappy with my life for weeks now	4
Why cant [NAME] get a call these last few games?	5
Self driving cars still won't help fix the problem if old people can't afford them	0
I just wished they took [NAME] with them.	3
No thank you 😉	3
80k/month? Damn. I need to become a Union Square store	5
lol i've done the same with the pan flag, one time literally drew it on the sidewalk and explained what it was, somehow nobody got it...	3
She does have a great ass I’ve always thought so	3
nice one gards!!	3
I had a similar fear last month after exceeding the two hours in a Homebase car park.	2
Yeha he failed to qualify unfortnatwly.	4
Glad your nights going well guys	3
At least he tried	3
It will hurt, try to take your mind off things, and try to understand why it hurts	3
Haha imagine if that limo in Vancouver where him, [NAME], and [NAME] were shirtless had a dash cam.	3
Nice to see a rare court case involving a meta-human.	3
Nize it lol. Everyone on this subreddit sounds like they’re 50+	3
The game felt like an awesome sci-fi TV series, with each mission feeling like a great episode. The pacing of this game was damn near perfect.	3
Exactly what i was thinking!	3
Precisely that. I hope you’re able to find strategies to deal with it easier, it’s really tough	3
I’m in ND too and I’ve maybe seen two people use studded tires in the two years I’ve lived here.	5
[NAME] i actally kind of like [NAME] but he is such a punk	3
It's definitely that	3
Your idea of the supposed limitations of bots is actually hilarious.	3
Cray to the crazy	3
Yeah, guess I'm old fashioned and don't downvote people clearly expressing a personal opinion. No matter.	3
"""So... I'm gonna go back to my class and sit in my seat like you told me to, if you don't mind..."""	3
Haha fucking gottem	3
Damn you actually got that comment tagged. Could've saved yourself the explanation if you found that comment earlier lol.	3
What exactly is the point of stating something as being a “right aligned opinion” then?	5
Wow... Hope you ok and good luck	3
Agreed 100%, Governor [NAME] will have some say in this, they broke Wisconsin law, plain and simple !	3
Get in, I'll tune in now	3
Can we call it the swamp monster?	5
Can't make negative comments about her on here dude. Downvotes incoming	3
Worst deal on the leafs right now easily	1
lol Holy shit.	3
Apathetic. Not happy, not sad, just don't care	0
Not at all. I wasn't offended in the least. Thanks for the promotion!	3
Omg stop spamming.	0
I highly doubt he's still her friend, and i would be surprised if she remained friends with [NAME] if [NAME] chooses to stay with him.	5
Extend the compassion; go vegan.	3
I like to be scared actually!	3
That isn't really true if you've watch all Arsenal games this season.	4
Explaining the whole thing i wouldnt have the heart to physically or mebtally hurt a person such as raping someone	0
Your teacher was pretty cool for calling you snoopydog	3
I go everywhere, the XP and money make it worth it.	3
BPA not fit especially when we dont have a good team	0
Most important win of the season. Awesome	3
Barista Parlor and Crema have been my favorite so far.	3
He rambles like a lunatic and she focuses on being called “not beautiful” of all things. Lol Uh oh I hear the downvote train a-comin’!	3
Fuck this boring ass 9-5 corporate bullshit. I feel like starting a podcast about the Bulls.	0
Didn’t realize two different intros were so many. I’ll warm this community up to hip hop eventually ;) Appreciate the shoutout!	3
This also made me Smile, thank you	3
More moralizing and prejudice from you. Why am I not surprised?	5
Whoa whoa whoa, dont go firing him into the rest of us. He is your alien being	5
I think you’re absolutely gorgeous	3
"Too lazy to type out ""him/her"" 3x. That and I don't give a fuck."	0
Ha. How funny He's the only geezer who thinks he's madness.	3
For me it is easier to believe that the Big Bang occurred via a natural process than through an external agent such as some god.	3
Haha it’s funny cuz I’m 17 and still doing these haha...	3
It's funny how the mention snoop at the end of the article, reminded me of the chappelle's show episode about [NAME]	3
Love the cheese!	3
I can't see anything wrong with this message	3
There’s a fine line between love and hate, you know.	3
i feel this	3
I used to have a German Shepherd X Siberian Husky that looked so much like this.	5
Oh come on, they’ll survive it all, they LOVE EACH OTHERRRR!!!	3
I come up and hug her and say good morning, usually joke around about the dog or something. Nothing negative really	3
That's the CPUSA symbol. No clue why it's here though.	5
Just throw them into a pool of needles. That'll teach them not to steal ever again.	0
Wish I had the confidence of [NAME]	3
Today I wish I were a black bear.	3
my crush began to be annoying when i lost interest in him. it sucks either way	0
I regret this post so hard so much debate and anger lol	0
Son of Darkness is cool, but also Ashes of the Empire	3
Did you see it with [NAME]? I don’t see him have chemistry with anyone	5
How long do we have to wait? I might need rehab.	5
I took a screen writing class and I think we had to do this. Then again the class was a while ago so I don't remember much	3
I recently ate here and it changed my life. Get the steak sandwich with roasted peppers and goat cheese. You will not regret it.	3
Horns✔️ Tail✔️ Legs of furry animal✔️ Buff avatar✔️ Crazy brilliant collors✔️ Super active on twitter and son of the sin✔️ Yeah sure	3
because people are idiots and don't like being wrong	0
Spoiler: I think they mean me, even though I would hope that is literally the opposite of what my comments have been doing.	3
Once I saw the LV logo I then realized I’m not rich enough to even watch that video.	5
At this point, it’s certain that GA isn’t happening.	4
Just like an unwritten rule to discuss a perfect game during a perfect game. Interesting	3
I don't think I'd like that either.	0
Focus groups thought [NAME] was too attractive and the brethren were experiencing a burning in their loins and sinews so we fixed it.	3
My no. 1 favorite quote on the show right here	3
I'm now scared to post this link]( I guess I should [stop.	2
Yeah i checked her teeth out and they are okay. I was worried about that as well	3
I had to buy all your music after seeing that vid. Amazing work.	3
I appreciate your meme OP.	3
I miss rock fest 😔	4
Double barrel Pink eye. Awesome.	3
So then what are the odds the refs had money on the game and a vested interest to ignore calls?	5
M/21/straight/6’2 Back on tinder after taking a year off dating to focus on personal stuff. Go ahead and judge! Thank you in	3
Thank you kindly.... I appreciate the support. Could you elaborate on the tip please? Thank you	3
Do you know of a strike with greater participation? If so, I'd love to hear of it!	5
Thank you, and same to you. I was a single AP once, it was lonely. Do you see other people?	3
[NAME] doesn't even look that big here. But he's still handsome.	3
Indeed it does. I blame [NAME] and his love of sponsorships.	1
No he's overrated	0
Thanks a lot, [NAME]. Now I've lost my train of thought!	3
So what did she mean to say? I’m so confused...	5
their is a differences between losing and being embarrassed	4
Love the headline though	3
For those wondering: that appears to be a sycamore. It's one of the biggest tree species in the eastern USA.	3
Man, she took it pretty well. I’d be screaming my damn head off.	3
Just wait until we sign [NAME] this off-season! Best front in the league.	3
Interesting that despite not having absolute views you are absolutely all over here pushing the view it's [NAME] that's the problem	5
Oh, the irony,.	5
I don’t make the rules, man, I just blindly follow them like a sheep	4
Oke thats really disappointing of him. Although his thoughts are constanly changing. He used to even be an ancap at some point.	4
Oh [NAME] please don’t put them in a team together.	3
Ugh, the learning curve for hurdles has to be a painful one... kudos for finishing. Last couple falls probably destroyed her knees.	3
The new Five Nights at Freddy’s looks great	3
Sorry *ss Crabtree is there so it's a possibility.	4
I love your collection and want to play with it! p.s. am 40	3
Our volume of immigration does not mean it is easy to get in. The bar is very high and there are many applicants.	0
Thank you so much❤️	3
Makes me want to eat ass	3
I think you should be able to, with enough skill and precision but not in a spam swing fight, I agree.	0
[NAME] left that on purpose. Would bnever have scored	0
I know it’s out of control!	4
And maybe one day you'll be able to afford one, but until then continue being an edgy teenager whining about the war on drugs.	3
I know! If it's going to be that cold I want snow. I think there's a chance next weekend	3
maybe next time you should do some fucking research. prohormones will shut down your test production	0
OK sweaty, have fun in ur collapsing Union while I'm restoring the Empire xoxx	3
Not seeing why that's depressing.	5
“How dare you use your breasts for their biological function instead of my enjoyment!”	0
Who's [NAME]?	5
I remember seeing the trailer for this. I was lit when I heard [NAME]. Great movie	3
Yes I would love to see!	3
You have no idea how incredible they make me feel in every single way. It's not something I'm used to!!	3
We're not roasting you. That's not how it works here. Go get help and feel better then come back for proper roasting.	3
Am I not supposed to have what I want, what I need	0
I'm sorry for what happened to you. I guess you were sending mixed signals all the time.	4
Ah, thanks.	3
Oh I don't think so. I like AOTC and am looking forward to watching a 5 hour analysis of it.	3
The amount of times this happened during the first tides of war event, smh.	4
I think: Congrats! That baby will now have loving parents	3
Maybe unpopular but I never eat pancakes with syrup. Way too damn sweet.	0
Nobody has guns in NYC, they're ilegal there lol.	3
Being disgusted at disgusting things is grown up.	1
*sobbing* I love you bro, you always there for me *continues sobbing*	3
Her septum is crooked I'm hoping from the chain to her ear, but it's super irritating and I wanna snatch it out her face.	0
With the high turnover rate maybe it does lol!	3
“Why is there always someone that brings eggs and tomatoes to a speech?” -[NAME]	5
[NAME], that fucking sucks.	0
I dont think anyone liked 6A apart from the two Slade episodes and the crossover. Most people here consider it to be sloppy	0
My suspension of disbelief was shot, I don't even know if the court case ended with a hell in the cell match	5
You wont be in pain but you wont feel any relief either. Find what makes you feel comfortable and stick with it	3
Lol, what?	3
You probably can. They're shit at hurling.	0
... This is a stupid idea. One of the first things caught will be a wiki quote.	0
How many kids do you see? xıs :ɹǝʍsuɐ	5
If your walls are not connected sprinkle your lawn in between regularly with diatomaceous earth. It will kill them before they can get to you.	3
I thought you only get to be a wizard after you're 30yo and still virgin	5
Aldi is awesome. Low prices, efficient processes, and treats its employees like people. Corporations actually done right.	3
I’d add “can’t host” to the list haha	3
hope [NAME] is injured while allstar week yes im a spiteful ngga	3
Wow first fight in a while where I don't want either dude to lose.	3
so cute. your art style is adorable. imagine if you made a mini-comic drawing!	3
I feel a tad lost without it now that my drive for football has vanished and basketball and hockey simmer one. The show's every night after all.	4
Ah, alright. Solid lists, but I disagree with appointing a sitting [NAME] with only 2 years under his/her belt.	0
No mate. Don't keep in touch with any of them anymore.	0
Let’s not get creative again	0
great work!	3
"I love this one too ""I like to be spoiled and will spoil my man as well"" Men translate this into ""Pay me for sex"""	3
excuse me what the *fuck* was that	0
This is very uplifting! Had very similar experiences with my wife's family. Thank you for sharing!	3
is there a wikihow for that? edit: [of fucking course there is]	5
[NAME] made me like a sleep walker.. I did things I didn't remember doing. Scary.	2
I enjoyed hardcore mode much, much more than regular mode in BF4. More realistic	3
All ur damage should have overflowed.. So just choose the best looking one.	3
Nobody said they don't have the right. It's still embarrassing.	4
Yup. Was so annoyed to see this making the rounds yesterday.	0
[NAME] is my 2nd favorite QB after [NAME]. Very high ceiling and [NAME] always seems to get the best out of his QBs	3
> Mother wasn't amused and I was forced to smile and bare it Wow, I would hate taking nude family portraits	0
Wow.. must have missed this. This is really fucked up if true!	5
Well he abused his previous girlfriend, he ran a porn site that's what I know	0
Good for them. I still don't believe a single word of it.	3
Yum!!! I love almond milk!! 🤗	3
He'll be the difference maker in the playoffs. He can get any shot he wants because of his all time great ball handling	3
I am scared that I would lose potential study time by seeing him. And worse if I end up liking him too much... :(	2
Spiders in the corners of the house and praying mantis' on the curtains, best anti fly setup ever.	3
I found it really kind.	3
Well in that case, i'll agree with you. I guess we can all do without scholars.	3
I love artic blitz personally	3
Yeah, still the wrong strain to even remotely dive into CBD therapy (<0.7, yikes)... but I understand your point.	3
Girl YES. My kindergarten come back Tuesday, and I’m hoping they remember my name and how to hold a pencil.	3
Ahhh okay my bad I misread your comment, I thought you meant we’d be trading him if he plays poorly	4
I really like this.	3
just test to turn up your bitrate and tell me if it changed or not, would be interesting	5
You should have an AP that respects you ...not just one that wants to use you.	0
I had my YouTube set to 1.25x speed and didn't notice until I watched this so thanks	3
[NAME] didn't want to win though. She got what she asked for	3
I know! So relieved.	3
The team isnt really bad but their fans are really the worst	5
Every INTJ Girl I dated said they aren't interested in me because we are too much the same	0
Our future overlords are learning how to walk and help out around the house. Growing up so fast they are. Remember that I love you	3
That guy with the orange jacket looks so distraught. Feels bad man.	4
I’M NOT ALLOWED TO EAT THE SKIN, DEE! I’M NOT ALLOWEDDDDD!	0
Lol what did you type in? Cause I posted this and its entirely mine.	3
What a journey.	3
That was so damn cute. She looks just like [NAME] and I bet it just melts his heart to see how mature that girl is	3
[NAME], now you have my attention. Do you want your fun fact or no?	5
Aaaand this is why I couldn’t do online dating when I was single.	0
No youre a cunt	0
voted! threw a couple of my other favorites in there too. thanks for the heads up!	3
I didn't get it the first time, thank you for replying me.	3
Your right thanks	3
No group... I didn't say the guy's plan was realistic haha	3
I didn't know about this, thanks! Just signed up.	3
This is why I have no sympathy for parents who can't make time for their kids because of their jobs.	0
I always cry when [NAME] is on screen.	4
I want to see someone get decimated by a [NAME] hit	0
Yes. The Brasileiro is a notoriously difficult league, and Corinthians aren't even considered to be a rich club.	0
Suddenly, a loud audible groan from every structural/civil engineer in Maryland that now have to deal with that bullshit :/	0
You mean the millions of college grads living with their parents?	5
THANK YOU!!	3
Ha. Fair enough.	3
Peta killed a dog once, so peta is bad, so veganism is bad, so its ok to kill and eat billions of animals (including dogs)	0
Another reunion pic!!! made me lol	3
I actually laughed at this	3
Yeah because a country can't multitask. Go pedal your propaganda elsewhere	0
>This weird exploding ice [NAME] I haven't seen before? Wow. I... that's some ick right there.	5
That’s cool man! You have a good night!	3
Damn... METOO	0
This is awesome! Saw you on r/entwives and pmd you btw! Congrats!	3
No, it isn't K.	0
I go to the same hairdresser as [NAME], and she told me we were interested. Dunno how she got her info though.	5
Honestly at this point they need to do that or adjust [NAME] 3d model. The command grabs literally go thru opponents constantly, it looks weird as hell	0
thanks, my roommate is a photographer so props to her 😂😂	3
I don't even find her that loud or that wild I think he's just no fun.	0
Welcome to the depressed group	4
Beautiful!!! I always accidentally miss the 45 S exit at this location.	3
We did it chief	3
The Four Agreements is amazing and life changing. I don't keep that many books in my library, but this one has made the cut.	3
It’s sexual harassment because it was done with a sexual mindset. It’s not that hard to understand.	0
I hope you survive this. Losing a friend is a heavy loss	4
Sorry to hear about that! Are you just under observation? Any anti-clotting drugs they're pushing?	4
Yeah , yeah you can’t change my mind , you’ll get there eventually .	0
To make money from money is disgusting and is screwing up the economy.	1
Hopefully you don't come across too many crews like that yourself though. Always better when the combat is honorable.	3
You're right, laws don't stop people from committing crimes, we might as well legalize murder. You people sound like retards.	0
This post is actually getting me to unsubscribe from this sub. So good job, I guess. You successfully showed me something I hate. Thanks.	0
Well, ok then nevermind. I'm surrounded by people I mostly disagree with, but I honestly don't know anyone that I would call outright evil.	0
Yeah it’s the opponents club that should be scared of us! We are REAL MADRID!	2
Thank you!	3
It wasn’t significant.	0
Oh ya, that’s [NAME]!	3
I was searching my local craigslist! It says nationwide though- so love after lockup for everyone!!!!!	5
Y'all are fucking annoying	0
Thank you for this! :)	3
Exactly! Someone think of the billionaires! Sometimes I pretend I’m one and it’s really fun :)	3
There is one teacher, and 3 paraprofessionals. She is overwhelmed, and I want to help.	3
We, battered UT fans, thank you.	3
Thanks, that was a big help. This one had me scratching my head	3
You’re welcome!	3
“And that’s it, that’s all I’m missing”	5
oh i wish i didn't read that, [NAME]	3
I love [NAME]	3
OH me too, didn’t realize it was really a thing till now 😂	5
I read these comments assuming the context was the Government. Actually it's probably accurate for both TWD and the Government.	5
[NAME] is great, I love [NAME] content as well.	3
Yeah, I don’t like my friend’s opinion either	0
I loved this costume and wasn’t even aware of the amount of hate it had until recently	3
Can someone summarise it here? I can’t get past the paywall.	0
I’ll read that, thanks!	3
Tbh the giant cereal bowl bath is about as least cursed as it gets. ...I loved that episode	3
Just because she was watching, doesn’t mean she was into it.	0
>The ABC’s hard-hitting investigation :/ Such a sad article.	4
"Why are all these links ""np"" links?"	5
[NAME] is fascist? Everything that isn't leftism isn't inherently fascist.	5
From heroic cancer survivor to bad Italian boy. What a world we love in	0
Oh [NAME] you idiot	0
Have a nice day, sir.	3
I got sort of excited and really was hoping it was [NAME]. Obviously it's not.... so yey... mystero.	3
Not sure if this means solution or obtrusion.	5
Fuck it, maybe the faceless men worship the great other AND assassinated the fire warlocks in valyria, hwo knows?	0
yiss they buffed [NAME], my favorite talent <3	3
Watching porn on your phone is a thing people do now? It's such an inconvenient thing to do tbh.	0
You're a clown. What gives you confidence that anything takes place ever?	5
I hope if you ever have need of help for mental illness that the person who responds is not like you.	3
Foot fetish people like pretty feet. Those are not.	0
Hahah is that what we call them here? Breeders? I'm not trying to be condescending that's just hilarious.	3
> so much misinformation > No hazing or violence tolerated whatsoever Lmao wut	0
Happy birthday!! Lots of love and hugs from a stranger in Hanoi 🤗🤗	3
Nah it's a sexual disorder due to brain structure not aligning with body structure but continue to be an ignorant transphobe I guess.	5
This is why im happy [NAME] is our owner. I don’t see him being a cheapskate	3
haha ye ik i was smoking weed for a while before a had to stop. thanks one love	3
I’ve thought about journaling. I think I’ll give that a try sometime soon. Thank you for your words my friend	3
Ok. I can support that. Do it on btc chain. Good luck. Honestly, without hiiden motives, good luck.	3
Yikes - I'm so sorry things fell apart for you and imposing a sudden hierarchy on you like that was completely crappy on their part.	4
Valium/Diazepam is much much more enjoyable than Alprazolam/Xanax IMO. I love the muscle relaxation. It feels so good, combined with an opiate,	3
First thought: OHHH FUCK FUCK FUCK!!! Okay, time for me to submerge and introduce this MOTHAFUCKAS EYE BALLS to these hands	1
Measuring my life in semesters filled with classes that are entirely worthless but I need a $60,000 piece of paper to get a job	4
Yes, that's an interesting thing that I've been curious about ever since the merger. And the new party has pretty much purged the Wildrosers.	5
Whenever I hear about someone I haven’t previously and someone says wow really they’re a YouTube ________ I physically twitch	5
It's funny how BMI doesn't measure those things. My torque wrench doesn't measure alpha radiation either.	3
"""No"" is the complete sentence I will use for this exercise."	0
Because it's so ridiculously stupid people just can't help themselves.	0
"I want my kids to feel like life will take care of them -[NAME] ""LIFE will take care of them?"" *signature [NAME] face* hahahhaha"	3
Fun movie, good choices of songs, and excellent visuals	3
Accurate ! Thanks	3
Then you'll be arrested, play stupid games win stupid prizes.	0
She's not. She's not in any place. She doesn't exist.	0
Haha wait why does this sounds so familiar	3
That entire family is so embarrassing.	4
As an Aaron Jones owner, I did hate [NAME]. Lol but I’d still like the hire and just pray he becomes more innovative.	3
Oh heck oh frick	0
Thanks man, words give me strength	3
Yes it is I’m 99.9% sure! Thank you! Enjoy your gold.	3
People change their minds when trust is broken.	5
[NAME] [NAME] speed option was so much fun. They are the most criminally underrated cfb duo in my opinion	3
Class topper meant something way different when I was growing up lol	3
"""every time she was in trouble I was there for her"" - the man who caused most of her troubles "	3
Good instincts to try to get move out of the road. Hope they are alright.	3
Thanks alot!	3
I like how you're insinuating that the other half is family reunification rather than giving us the real answer.	3
oh ok thanks for explaining	3
Looked like it hurt	4
Thanks for the tip. Just sold 100K	3
Thank god, you're right. At least this idiocy didn't stick around long.	3
Thank you! Yeah, I can see that. I'm just posting old work of mine, some of the resolution isn't that great- apologies!	3
Exactly right? That's when I thought she was really really horrible.	2
Wow. I hope that asst manager will be looking for a new job soon.	0
Even Rolling Storm seems better, and it is not very good.	0
Wow. Instant retirement money...	5
Considering my wife barely touches me, I think I could get this job. Wonder how much it pays.	3
THE MIDDLE FINGER EMOJI ARE YOU KIDDING	5
She's a pro-Assad piece of shit.	0
That's unfortunate for you.	4
I did that a few weeks back, bronze-> silver, etc. took forever lol	3
Is there something I'm missing here? I don't see the pun.	5
Horribly fake. People on that thread are stupid and gullible.	0
Yay! Nice work everyone. I love reddit.	3
You should be required to be 25+ if you want the government to acknowledge your marriage. So stupid.	0
I'm going to hell for laughing.	3
Damn, good thing I got those experts to tell me that, I'd never have guessed!	3
Fuuuuuuuuuck that.	0
Inexperience meant I didn’t know that I could legally refuse service	5
The right time would have been never being there in the first place	0
I made my own sauce for chicken dishes this week, I am happy, LGD	3
As horrible as it is to say, evidently the voting population doesn't care enough to make a large impact.	0
Ouch, that hurts, would've won without the injury	4
Woke is realizing the world doesnt revolve around you at its most basic level. Thats dumb?	5
I wonder if the insurance company would go after the gun range or just drop the homeowner because they obviously lived in an unsafe area.	5
Love that he obviously went out there to do weird sweeping strokes in the snow. Those look super effective	3
I wished my mom protected me from my grandma. She was a horrible person who was so mean to me and my mom.	3
> 1 in 4 women will be victims of sexual assault. 4 in 4 idiots will believe this without proof.	3
There is going to be an adjustment period at first for sure, but [NAME] would definitely help our defense.	3
You guys look so amazing, even the pipe is making a jealous look... or maybe i'm just going blind from the cuteness.	3
Well...to be fair then. :)	3
I am trying so hard right now! LOL!	3
Ooooh that was a missed opportunity	4
"Love the tilt away. ""nobody will know what I'm up to"". "	3
Your amazing too!	3
No offense are you guys actually dating? Are you paying for every thing. Have u guys had sex?	5
Sadly I see it being a call to party like there is no tomorrow for the vast majority.	4
Seriously. I had 2 jobs and was in college. I sleep more now!	3
Decent idea [NAME] have an analog shot to see what to do...	3
I’d choose the kind amateur over the ignorant flamer any day, no matter what rank are they.	3
This kills the country.	2
I like that one that goes “Shield me from sorrow, Fear of tomorrow”	3
Well if this post isn’t just like staring into a mirror, I don’t know what is.	5
The stupid is real	0
Oh I was unaware of this! Thank you!	3
Nice find!	3
Ur actually stupid lol.	3
Hahaha dude that was *so* well put	3
i freaking love five below! Wait no nevermind	3
Beautiful shot!	3
[NAME], he fucked everything up so bad.....and I love him but, damn	3
Isn’t that the plot from truth or dare?	5
Thank you for your advice!	3
Surprisingly it wasn’t a [NAME]	5
Okay. Thanks for the information. I'll look into it once I get home.	3
dude different folks different strokes. don’t kill my buzz bro. happy new years!!!	0
Ah yes January, the worst time of the year at the gym	4
Wow really? I would think that UK bases would be the last place we'd have protests at.	5
I can't miss a chance to post one of my favorite gifs ever! 😂	3
That’s it right there. Thanks for the simple reminder.	3
All of the ones regular people have, just applied in a more logical way I guess.	3
I merely suggested he see a doctor based on some weird symptoms he is having that cause him to not be able to interact with others very well.	3
I just wish she could do this on the show more readily	3
I'm not sure how to post a picture lol. Here's my attempt.	3
Welp. That sucks. I always check left and right when crossing an intersection, getting T-boned is one of my biggest fears.	2
I have this problem but without caffeine	3
Enjoy you Salad	3
It's genuinely disorientating to witness it.	5
Yes, it's Harbinger, and you can get it in the Cosmic Chest.	3
Was it the same bike on the unreleased,MISC cover?	5
Yikes that made me tense up. Not sure I was breathing. 10/10. Very painful looking	2
I had a breakdown last night at around 3AM.	3
My mom signed me up when I was 15. Wow that was a fun weekend. /s	3
That's just sad and depressing. Was the race closing before she finished? Well, at least she did it.	4
Thank you TC for getting us to 100!	3
Shai-Hulud! Bless the maker and his water	3
Please stop cussing.	0
>a fun activity!!! At no point in my TBM life would I have found that fun or worthy of even one exclamation.	3
Great drawing :)	3
Not knowing what it is, for one thing.	5
Smoking is nasty.	1
No, it makes it better.	0
Damn, even here in CA the gun haters almost invariably exempt law enforcement from their crusade.	0
good one. 2 one liners so far.	3
I thought you looked familiar, get back over to r/NCAAW	5
They all have these same moronic talking points that they memorized. It's hilarious. I hear them all the time	3
A is just horrifying. If she were to die I’d want her to go painlessly	3
That’s what makes this so sweet! Blackmailers are scum. This was satisfying to read. You’re a savage, OP. Well done!	3
I want this feature just so I can get rid of the nasty rugged beige skins people have on their guns	0
CENTRISTS ONLY LEFTISTS GO AWAY also stop downvoting we don't want a circlejerk.	0
Not sure why you got downvoted, it's easy to miss some of these brand replacement names	5
Idk why but your comment in particular made me audibly crack tf up	3
It’s something put aside in case I really screw up and have no other option but return home	3
Hahaahahaaha I’ve almost completed the online story but i only have 3 gold bars so far lmao	3
Your opinion doesn't matter, the judge's does. Like I said, if you want better answers, then consult a family law attorney in your area.	3
Still pretty alarming. Thanks for these.	3
That’s it! Thank you!!	3
That’s it guys, we’re racist now	4
I'm also enjoying it I like mixing the colors the most.	3
I haven't seen it but it's on my list!!	3
Oligarch-sponsored? [NAME], stop throwing buzz words at ideas you don't agree with. Read a book.	0
You are such a good boyfriend, keep it up!! I’m jealous :)	3
Thank you, I’ll send them to her the next time we talk	3
I’m constantly surprised that [NAME] doesn’t hate her.	5
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE ORIGINAL	5
[NAME] so much hate.	0
Barring an injury, [NAME] will be up by May at the latest. You're not going to sign him for one month.	0
None of the movies deserve it and honestly the oscars are a sham at this point.	0
That's pretty much what you signed up for when you had kids.	3
[NAME] is my top choice. Love the tape and could anchor the line for many years	3
the last 2 are mocking the first you dumb asses	0
Are you one of them? Sorry. You asked for it. 😂	5
We need these people on our side; arguing with them may be both thankless and fruitless, but the argument must be put to them.	0
Fun fact: 3 is both my favorite number and my lucky number!	3
It means that [NAME] campaign colluded, contrary to them saying otherwise. Sorry if you voted to advance Russian interests.	4
Turns out, that daddys little girl is a thot, who also takes drugs. No wonder she fled her country.	4
The acl is somewhere inside yes. Some people also said it was a lateral ligament. Hope he can recover quickly.	3
Congratulations on securing your CF Future!!!	3
*lol whats a calculator isnt that a person that calculates why would they have letters on them*	3
Don't forget colors. They panic at the sight of a chess board.	2
was the dad just seeing things when he smacked [NAME] hand away?	5
Implying Capcom has any idea how to balance a fighting game.	5
I love how all of you toss the blame on [NAME] as if [NAME] isn't just as responsible..gotta love revisionist history	0
We got nowhere with that because you only drop one-liners and refuse to actually engage.	0
I find this sooooo strange	5
I was going to say Tigres but then I reread the title and it said ‘big’	5
If it gets caught.. it can't.. breed😱	0
I know Bro! Won't happen again next Jan-uary.	3
It was definitely [NAME] goal. The stadium announcer incorrectly gave it to [NAME] though.	4
I worry about throwing draft picks around, but a guy like that is worth it IMO.	4
i appreciate the consistency of your values.	3
It looks like it may be some type of munchkin cat since it has short legs	5
Yes, I realize that. All my other relationships have been a year or longer but even a month into those I was miserable	5
Debunked as in proven wrong. Again, he is a well known fool. Do yourself a favor and never take anything he says remotely seriously.	0
If that’s true, and I’m inclined to agree, term limits are a bandaid on an open chest wound.	3
Nah. Been over it pretty much since [NAME] said the Vikings did it too. Pretty hard to be mad when we were just as guilty.	4
Glad you're at least out of bed. Progress!	3
You clearly don't have a clue about [NAME] career so don't start worrying about it now.	2
Like and smash that subscribe button, I'll see you in the next video for my best v-bucks giveaway yet	3
Don't worry, no one agrees with [NAME]! I bet you're doing an amazing job.	3
Are you live streaming my living room right now?	5
I'm kinda the opposite. I always look dour and sad even when I'm not...	4
Sadly, I don't even think its that the Chargers aren't prepared its that the Patriots are good at game prep.	4
Really that's not very sad at all	0
Nostalgia is the best high. You get to enjoy what you liked with several cool new perspectives.	3
No. People just realized how dogs make good companions and the dogs in the US aren’t infested with various diseases compared to the ones in developing countries	5
Off topic your username is awesome.	3
Besides this and diablo immortal what else did this recently? I feel like there was one more big one but I cant remember what it was.	5
>call people faggots > lovingly describe the beauty and strength of a man's physique	3
I would love to jam with you guys but I would need to buy an instrument here :(	3
You know I never thought I'd celebrate someone's death, but once she goes I'm going to have to try very hard to not enjoy it...	4
TIL that TYL that this is both of their jokes. Even if it was like that is funny.	3
in away that smarter than the average six year old	3
That was actually pretty satisfying	3
They were not really messing around, just more frustrated. They genuinely were trying to move specialists around to get the best out of people.	0
I'll take the Akot 3 but man that shot is ugly	1
I remember that one. It was so painful to watch	4
I love the smell of Napalm in the morning	3
Can a gang member legally citizen arrest someone 🤔	5
Ditto!!!	3
Ahhh, I see. I thought you were saying they made you afraid of the sessions.	2
So like most of the pros you got more time to play blackout. Which is the only good thing about this game.	5
You are in the right here, and I support your actions	3
Good work if true!	3
I feel like he would be most people in a flat out race, those prosthetics look beastly (in the good way).	3
Congratulations! I'm sure your shoulders are much lighter now. You look absolutely gorgeous, keep killing it :D	3
My 8 year old niece enjoys them. 12 year old nephew thinks they're brilliant though :)	3
That's great to hear! I had no idea we actually helped so many people with just a dumb sign and some cookies.	3
I'm happy for you. May you and the boys have many happily ever afters!	3
This is scary.	2
Important part of this, surprising it's not there.	5
If you were to ask me how my 2016 went, I could go on and on but politics wouldn’t even come up once	3
At least the bike was lighter than you ... poor cr50	5
Looks like a pretty good plate overall!!	3
Weird that it wasn't included in the article.	4
Back in my day the only bars you could find were real ones👴	3
Good because I've been waiting since September!	3
I like this	3
What if I dont want the service? Why should I be forced to purchase that service?	5
> I'm sure there are plenty of us who have been through it to. Seconded.	3
Hahaha I wish I was that witty at the time, I think I was still in naive shock at the rudeness of people in retail.	3
This is the first time I've finished something so cringey. I'm dead inside, thanks.	3
He told you to handle it, you did. If he doesn't like it, he should've taken care of it.	0
no, thanks for asking	3
I love when [NAME] plays like this	3
Go on the website it’s super easy to get hired loading trucks that’s for sure	3
Thanks, I reached out	3
An angry old person yelling at a retail worker will never listen to reason.	0
The whole post reeks of troll.	1
"I mean they're just kids at the end of the day, the people yelling racist things are the ""adults"""	3
Haha your mom lol 😎😎. Having flashbacks of 4th grade rn	3
Yup that’s what people don’t seem to realize.	5
There's a lot big talk here that will look kinda dumb if we're third/fourth midseason. I hope we aren't being clowned halfway through the season...	3
I wish non-BPD people understood the pain of a relationship ending like we do. It's crippling and lasts forever.	3
£10 for copy pasting a wall of text from /r/gamerghazi? Why would I want to do that.	0
Sorry, I was misinformed. My apologies, brother in [NAME].	4
It’s more of a vibe tbh I love playboi carti as much as I love [NAME]	3
Then how can you say the rest is very red outside of nova when that is blatantly not true?	5
Wait do they really have 500 people? I've always assumed they are an indie developer group of like 20 people.	5
Fine, you're right, they should just have a random fascist activist.	3
Had she gone into the left shoulder before braking she may have had a chance.	3
> busy blasting stuff with plasma Sound like more fun.	3
So, I saw the video yesterday. I think there are real complaints by residents, but that video isn't normal, and absolutely crosses into antisemitism.	3
Happy Cakeday!	3
Nope, midwest. I'd bet there are a bunch of shops with the same stuff though. P.S. I love your name!	3
This could be an amazing metaphor for super smart AI’s. We’re the egg.	3
"I'm going to use ""my dicky has to perpetually get sticky"" as a line to pick up ladies. Wish me luck, guys!"	3
Great, but we can't just assume that that's the case and allow everyone to DevientArt the whole subreddit	3
Yeah cuz they don't exist lol	3
Missing this roster 😢😢😢	4
that would’ve tasted a lot better	5
happy cake day!	3
What a sad end for this franchise. I doubt Fallout 5 will redeem it at this point... what a damn shame	4
I guess the trick is not to eliminate susceptibility to 51% but to minimize it extremely.	5
It's legal now in quite a few states. People get booze for Christmas all the time. I'd be stoked.	3
No, don’t wait it out. Do everything you possibly can to lose it earlier in the meantime.	3
Omg, the kitty bites the knee and then looks at the human to gauge reaction.	5
False, if I'm close to the cart return I can't run and ride the cart back to the return. Lol	0
I have and i’ve also shot some ak’s they’re not too bad but i still prefer handguns despite the kick.	3
I didn't know that having the occupation of a journalist and the method of ones murder being beheading, gives ones death a special status.	5
I’m fine with that. I’m happy to be banned from subs like that.	3
What I find disgusting is thinking you can be a liberal and a ecologist. Anyone has its own ideas I guess.	1
I think a budget PHD or DNP would cost me 35k so not happening.	0
Awesome!! Also, I have those same markers!	3
Idiots gonna idiot.	0
We did it, finally?! Idk weird timing.	5
Oh no I didn’t see that episode!? She pooped in the car?!	4
That pizza looks good	3
I draw with a wacom tablet, and I want to be an animator, maybe some game stuff down the line	3
I was just gonna post this haha. My fave my part	3
I find your lack of [NAME] disturbing.	0
I'm sorry for you, but that pic is in the wrong subreddit.	4
Nah, only [NAME] are cool for being bilingual.	3
Glad you liked the lesson, don't forget to SMASH that like button and click on the bell box below to join the NOTIFICATION SQUAD	3
I understand that there are exceptions but saying a knife is as dangerous as, or more dangerous than a gun is a little ridiculous.	0
if HL in offensive stance dodges it, then doesn't raider also dodge it? Or is that fast recovery into moves that are not dodging again?	5
Thank you, I always try to keep professional (despite their lack of it). I will definitely do Glassdoor	3
Happy belated cakeday.	3
Or, orrrrr. All Girls Poop Mindset Only video you need to naturally have confidence when you socialize All Girls	0
Anyone want adopt a dog while we are at this discussion lol?	3
I honestly can't tell if your being sarcastic or not with this comment.	5
Yay I feel so uplifted!!!	3
Democrats never had complete control, that is a common misconception/lie.	0
"You offered her the wrong ""services"" /s (obviously I hope)"	0
No that's plenty, you've already proved the original comments point even further.	3
Gonna warn you, that path is a lot more dangerous than you would think...	2
Almost feel bad for him, but then I realized he did this to himself.	5
His mind is free of anxiety he is now able to concentrate	3
There is such a thing as too big, but this ain’t it, chief. Any bigger I would probably agree.	0
A year later the store closed because they don't know how markets work	0
been there dont remember where exactly it is but so much fun	3
Go forth and get rated, my child.	3
So it's like the first game then? The only thing they took out was the fully-destructible environment? Did they do anything else?	5
HOLY FUCK THAT WAS BEAUTIFUL!!	3
I believe it	3
This converstaion reminds me of this old [NAME] cartoon. Apparently some people were upset by it.	4
That last bit is part of the embarrassment, actually.	4
I'll look into it, thank you! :)	3
He told you that he hates your friends because they don't beat you up? That is so disgusting!	1
I think dogs should vote!! It's alright. We're your friends now. Cheers, pal!	3
Well, it did just win a golden globe, so maybe a few more people will see it because of that	3
I’m so nervous!	2
I'm so happy this whole group of lines was poster. It made my day...	3
Put away the screen and go outside. You'll feel much better.	3
I love the 'Keep it simple' style! Hope mod won't sleep at this. :D	3
That sounds wonderful.	3
I mean… yeah? So glad to be at that age where the conversation would be more uncomfortable for them than for me.	3
Aw here goes!	3
I feel a connection to this woman	3
I like you. You're smart, cheeky, and funny. Well played.	3
That map looks interesting. I have always wanted an oil platform in game.	3
Oh look, it's alive. Who here secretly fed it?	5
Why on earth couldn't she just bring a hat from home if it was such a big issue to her? Lol.	3
What is his endgame? People are talking about him but this just makes him look bad.	5
I find it gross, especially when it starts to cool. Chicken is great but leave it out of my dip and off my pizza.	3
Thanks [NAME].	3
This is amazing!! Will it be integrated with the 7th heaven mod collection?	5
Uh... Where did *I* say skull. I didn't. I think you're replying to the wrong person.	5
At the time, pregnancy out of wedlock was a stoning for having extra marital sex.	1
hey, that's me. Glad i'm done with the class, so much work	3
These [NAME] names are really beautiful!!!	3
Well I'll be darned.	3
I honestly would start at the beginning. Most things are still funny because you remember the events they make fun of.	3
Hopefully [NAME] is not included	3
Pretty sure we’re the ones being carried with no thunderlords...smh.	3
Omg! There's one in every family. And every classroom.	5
One time my 1 stopped right in 91st, I was able to get a good photo of the platform since they have some lights along it.	3
Exactly, if I recall right, the last tall forward in barca was [NAME] no?	3
inject that shit into my veins	0
Actually really like this one Edit: nice shoes too, v annoyed at resell prices 😔	0
I don't want a president who doesnt know anything about foreign affairs....no thanks.	0
"""oh that wasn't me, my baby brother must have grabbed my phone"" "	4
Omg I can't stop giggling lol!	3
Good luck with ur sales. Get an ig page going and backpack off thugpug hashtags. Be a lot easier then on here.	3
"Or talk like this. No one describes a super-computer like mind as ""intuitive."" It doesn't even really make sense"	0
I'm on your side with this one. At least you have some legs to stand on.	3
I’d kind of be kind of shocked if Chili wants us to hit mostly ground balls, especially with how hard the shifts are nowadays.	5
I don't know how everyone is falling for this lmao. Cringing a bit.	4
Gorgeous. We headed to the Bob Hall pier to watch it on the beach.	3
Also, if for some stupid reason you want to pull a move like this, you better shoulder check	3
And what about selling your precious mind creation to someone that doesn't deserve it?	5
You look Beautiful! Curls are wonderful!	3
Ah. I thought you meant ads in general. Sorry, bud!	4
Sorry bucko r/necrophilia got taken down, I think your in the wrong place buddy. Here I’ll call you an Uber, take care of yourself.	3
See but it’s so common an attitude that it didn’t come off that way	0
just asking a question... like I said I haven't been watching other teams much this year so Idk what players values are like right now...	5
The last thing I want on my team are former Eagles players. Fuck that team, the organization, and the shitty fanbase	0
Nah you’re good. I’d rather date someone who never married/never had kids than the opposite.	3
This is weirdly funny to me	3
Sounds like you two have something in common.	3
Oh well, very nice then :)	3
The like is the worst of the bunch	0
Thank you 😁	3
"This is a ""lose in the 11th round of the shootout"" type game"	4
Well that’s sad. It might’ve been funny if it was fake.	4
Thanks for the explanation. This letter sounds kind of cool.	3
Lol. The majority of military jobs aren’t combat related.	3
It's none of your business. Stay out of it.	0
Damm!! I want to know what happened with [NAME] I think she stole his debit card?!	5
Same, these are awesome!	3
BUT WHY IS THE FELLOW HUMAN SHOUTING?	5
I would think preschoolers would be better at shitting than with sharing	5
It's not a recessed center, there's an edge cut out around the outside. It's from the melting pot, best fondue restaurant!	3
Love it [NAME]	3
>@teamYouTube ok and thanks	3
Yeah, live it up so you get a free trip to the zoo.	3
If this is real it’s just the best thing I’ve ever come across. I’m still crying laughing after 10 minutes!	3
I mean, to be fair... She did say sorry. /s	3
No point trying to hang on to players who are not committed to the club. If this is true then good luck CHO, all the best.	0
Go to about the 13 minute mark. It gets better for her.	3
...wasn't she recovering from pneumonia at the time?	5
> I'm not sure why more people haven't been suggesting a trade like this because it doesn't make sense for the Nets lol	5
Ahhhhhhh. The fine talent and craftsmanship of CNN	3
Understandable in this day and age of gaming.	3
*they were not* 😂 perfect. I’m sure they were - that mental image is pretty awesome lol	3
Thanks a ton again, and honeslty haha im so ready to get out and have my own life for once	3
Maybe you don't know that other parents are staying because you're not there?	5
I agree. I’d rather spend $500 a ticket to go to MetLife and watch it on the big screen with 75,000 other Jets fans.	3
Of course [NAME] doesn't like competition for his religious fantasies. That surprises no one.	3
That's cute	3
Yeah what do they expect? maybe they should realize if you push Gen [NAME] and under into poverty they won't be able to afford your crap.	0
This isn’t even them not getting it. They just misread it as a whole! Why bro lmao	3
He kept talking about Israel, its security, and how Arab nations are slowly welcoming them. How times have changed...	5
And you can amend a tax return. She can’t amend a terrible life choice like that.	0
Ah, I forgot humor can be objectively measured.	5
I love [NAME] but its been 1 year	3
Thank you! I still cant believe someone could be so selfish and awful and deliberately try to ruin Christmas for kids. So awful.	3
"Lol I was just about to protest ""you can't know that!"" until I realized....."	5
you're a true hero	3
I’m pretty sure you can run as long as one of your parents is a US citizen (correct me if I’m wrong).	3
[NAME] bless your soul. Please keep us updated. HORRAY!	3
It's great having both [NAME] and [NAME]	3
An Asuka reference in fatlogic?! Love it.	3
I love having twins. They'll keep each other company in their room until about 7:30-8:00 every day. So nice.	3
[NAME] has stated that he's open to decriminalization. It's up to the legislature at this point.	3
Aah I hope he's okay. So glad it's back! Time to get creeped out tonight.	3
There’s a reason southern states have a massive teacher shortage. Please do yourself a favor a consider that before you take the leap.	3
[NAME] could be so valuable if we didnt rely on him to create	4
Sorry if this is ignorant but is that a wig?	4
If Android: YouTube Vanced is your new best friend. If IOS: sorry lol get a real phone	3
Lol same actually	3
Can a Purdue or Indiana fan independently verify?	5
O don’t know man, I think they’re doing this for him, that looks great	3
That’s so romantic!	3
Does she sleep with them all at once every time they hook up?	5
You are the smiley face killer	0
Kinda sad to laugh at people who really need serious help.	4
HAHAHAAHHHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAa no	3
The kid you're replying too is a known [NAME] stan lol, he's gonna argue with any narrative that [NAME] is close to [NAME].	3
Sorry that's a mistype. I mean equally irresponsible	4
[NAME] I hate plant thieves. They’re almost certainly ppl who should know better.	0
Yep. Still don't know what you're talking about. Come back when you actually read the pdf and become informed.	5
because my dogs wouldst know why I left. gotta give that little floof ball the best life he can have	3
It's a beautiful thing! Good luck!	3
I was linked the unarchived link and it has some important updates. Wish the OP wasn't so salty and linked the actual	3
You've never smelled a woman on her period? It's awful.	0
FOOD POISONING BAD BURRITO	4
im glad they have it but this should have really been introduced in DMC3	3
Thank you for your input.	3
Dig up, stupid!	0
You are an absolute gem	3
I wonder if this is why the universe keeps expanding. Because we're constantly filling it up with new words and new sentences.	5
Omg the face	5
Very happy with this !	3
I love when [NAME] loses the ball then jogs back on defense	3
Yeah I’ll take my downvotes. Just a gut feeling	4
I absolutely agree 100%.	3
What's he building in there?	5
Am I lost?	5
I'd love him to get a pick6/scoop and score and chief slam on them	3
It is part of the political game unfortunately.	4
The Coming Home Network. And [NAME] is a convert who has really good books.	3
I’ll keep the fruits of my labor and my firearms thanks for the cute ideas though, sounds nice til it’s you in the breadline	3
Wait until you’re at least 25 to get a tattoo. You’ll more than likely regret it otherwise.	4
Oooo thanks! Hopefully I’ll be home from work by then!	3
Wow Toxicity has been done thousands of times, becoming less and less original, try something new. NEXT!	0
Honey is a cutie! My aunt and uncle have a dog named Honey too. 💗	3
These are great	3
Believe it or not, but I saw that he's a college instructor now	5
Fucking awesome tournament to watch, well done WePlay, grats to Maggo. The constructed meta ain't that stale!	3
Higher ranking officer? Also, I'm curious, do MP have authority in scenarios like this?	5
Yeah good life to you too. Let's hope you and your commie friends dont die of starvation and poverty in your glorious communist future.	3
Congrats dude!	3
I'm not a miner. I'm not a service but I run a full node for experimentation and learning. Do I help or hurt decentralization?	5
The customer’s a jerk but you’re really not very clear here.	0
That’s pretty amazing. You made me smile for sure today man. Cheers on a talent and a great setup.	3
Support this cause please. It saves lives	3
Look I don’t mean to be rude but w	0
It's near Brooklyn. Very woodsy, couple nice little antique shops. Most definitely the middle of nowhere.	3
This is horrible	2
Maybe you need some time get loss of that thought. Try to ignore it and just enjoy your luck.	3
aren't women supposedly great at multitasking?	5
Voter fraud is way too easy to pull off, I know from experience	3
Yep, sure is. Have things gotten better for you, though?	3
That is an image that I will never be able to forget.	5
I love it	3
Wow, for some reason this made me really uncomfortable	4
This shirt is directly aimed at some very ugly individuals	1
Thanks man. You too	3
"The ""awesome"" shipping service that promises 2 days but still takes a week? Lol"	3
I mean, I try to just avoid grizzly bears, don't you?	5
I’d pass unless he cost nothing of significance.	3
Thanks for clarifying!	3
Gmod Wonderworld is a personal favorite and may be the most sadistic and hilarious thing [NAME] has done	3
When ever I’m feeling depressed or alone, I’ll just image you and think “it could be worse”.	1
I love you for making this	3
No,not a fan of cigarettes	0
"Join Wattpad! There are many great books and it's free :) If you want ""real"" books, [NAME] is definitely worth reading. "	3
this. faster, same pedaling but way less effort involved.	3
It's nothing on you. I just hate the idea from a justice standpoint. I strive for fairness as much as I'm able.	0
Are you surprised. He doesn’t do anything with himself	5
Thank you OP , I can finally look at a picture of [NAME] without vomiting.	3
Searching is fun, and finding and learning all the spawns is satisfying.	3
[NAME] sorry it was rude not to @ you lol	4
Everything he does makes me love him, including his video application for his job at Polygon which is art.	3
Healthier and more disgusting.	1
Yea we're already in last place, those 3 missing assures nothing lol.	3
Yep. I’ve done a couple shoots at Hornsby small bore and one clay pidgeon day at Lucas Heights.	3
Lopez is a better rim protector but I get your point	3
Why is it an issue getting him off the 40-man roster? Just put him on the 60-day DL	5
> This is wrong on so many levels.	0
Love this man, take my updoot.	3
Yes, ~~jack~~ jake will be great too! Love the audio mixer with the old Spiderman soundtracks...looks very well produced...	3
No longer in LA but I really hope he can get reelected!	3
He’s not a young offensive mind and that offends people.	0
13 year old account, this guy is ancient.	3
I really applaud you for your patience...	3
Worried about it escaping....now that's fresh food.	4
"I love how he calls himself a ""decent man"" and the other guy a ""douche"" even though he's the one who wants to fight him"	3
This is actually a really good idea	3
Man, dropping is rather dreadful but nothing’s more dreadful when you can reach into your pockets expecting it to be there and it isn’t	2
I watched that game while coming down from a shrooms trip. [NAME] was magic. Still wear his jersey to shinny :D	3
Yeah keep filming your kid kicking a dog in the face. I'm suprised this isn't on r/funny	5
missed a good chance to copy the one the UNC football player wrote a few years ago for an A-	4
I have adhd whats so bad about it?	0
I thought it was mildly interesting and don't regret watching it.	4
I would love to accidentally get muscular... Instead of working my arse off to lose fat at the moment.	3
Just curious, why would that matter? Acting is playing a role, so how is it important that the character and the actor match orientations?	5
noob spam haha	3
How stupid of [NAME] to rely on LibDems to stop the idea of referendum.	0
You are a wize man. This was a brilliant conversation	3
I wasn’t a fan of theirs on the show, but I am very happy for them both and wish them the best of luck in life	3
Weird way to spell Voldo.	0
Ugh. Nice season from him, hoping he can build on it next year and play a bigger role at the world juniors.	3
I like it. It reminds me of Aphex Twin but I also hear modest mouse melodies and rhythms. I'm a fan of both	3
It's amazing how people will tell you not to go for something, but then are the same ones who can't go 2 minutes without it.	0
Well.... it’s even more weird to drink the milk of other species..so...	1
Why is it ethically wrong for him to lose half his shit? In what context?	5
I love how they have it on the dog. Imagine a fur missile going after a suspect flashing red and blue.	3
Absolutely same.	3
I Will! Thank you. I have applied for gaelic studies. (Bet not many international students do that but hey, it's a lovely language)	3
Which is stupid because conversations about race and slavery in America are primarily about race in slavery in America.	0
Lmao, okay little buddy. Have a nice day.	3
Yeah I'm glad he got caught. What a piece of crap.well at least he won't be a virgin in jail anymore haha	3
That’s a real article ? Oh [NAME]...	5
That's pretty bizarre, BF4 has always had a strong	3
It's just a really good impression. The actual voice is a bit deeper.	3
You're being a total narc, bro. You're so narcoleptic.	0
Especially because [NAME] best piece of comedy on the whole show was her impersonation of Shangela's [NAME].	3
It bugs me just how many people move over to be on camera	0
You can still check your feelings and then see how they’re messing up your facts.	5
I tell them I've been a fan since the very beginning of the franchise, so there's no way I could be a bandwagoner	0
You really can't. So just dont worry about it	3
Bunch of incels	0
"Thank you. Apparently simply stating ""it's from a comic called ""supply side Jesus"" wasn't pedantic enough for that guy."	3
I like this person.	3
ah. I see :) Still brave of you.	3
I will, thank you!	3
would love to know more about your experiences with them and where to find them.	5
It isn’t lol just saw a string of comments like this. Probably isn’t him though	3
I hate that attitude, as if it's every woman's, purpose, dream, and personal duty to reproduce.	0
Great, another article from a guy who thought making [NAME] the head coach was the answer.	3
I know I should be worried, but I am not, which makes me very worried.	2
Ladies and Gentlemen........We got him	3
2005? I think we might be the same person lol. What a terrible year. I go back to that one a lot.	2
Amazing that Aunt [NAME] wouldn't genuinely reflect on her her behavior, or realize that she is raising a spoiled, rude child.	3
Thanks- I'll take your advice.	3
Why hasn't he been made GM yet???	0
I hope this becomes regular for you both. 👍🏾👍🏾	3
Wow, well I think that game just aged me 5 years...	5
[NAME]?? C’mon, that’s a pretty good pull.	3
Boiled peanuts are my happy food.	3
You okay, buddy?	3
Surprises me how a dude that let his keyboard get to this point even cares enough to clip his nails in the first place.	5
thanks. I really hope it does get better	3
Currently listening and loving it.	3
They’re all nothing but a pack of liers and should all be thrown in jail	0
Nice. Spotted it having a feed of quandong as well by the looks of it.	3
Thank goodness for that!	3
In the wild, it’s expected that something unexpected will always happen i guess	3
I play around 2hs per day since launch. 1/2 Cuz I like the game. 1/2 In hope for a new expansión/fix to get the players back X:	3
You're definitly an asshole, or a troll. Maybe both.	0
Fingerprints not [NAME] or [NAME] red is [NAME] don’t just make things up now that is sad !	4
Yep, it would be super easy. Honestly makes me regret not doing that to the flames sub... /S kind of	3
That’s not proof.	0
It's a really fun game and is a great way to hang out with friends. Hope you have fun!	3
Welcome to the future, kid. Unfortunately your mom isn't coming.	3
I keep getting my posts removed and banned from that sub. 😒	0
Yes! I love their responses to anyone who comments. So much shade.	3
Oh trust me, I thought of that - but I felt as though the phallic shape would cheapen the resemblance to feces	5
Isn’t it against company policy to sell things in the store that have nothing to do with Starbucks	5
Yeah I was impressed with it too! I've to pay to see results of responses past the 100th one but other than that it's top notch	3
There’s a big difference between “I felt bad for her but there was nothing I could do” and “not my problem.”	4
Ok, thanks!	3
And now Horse Armour is totally normal. In fact, Horse Armour is now extremely reasonably priced DLC, relatively speaking.	5
They’re as good as tagged	3
I'm very open to doing anything to help me abstain. This seems very helpful I'd love to know more.	3
I read it on NRK as well. Brought tears to my eyes.	4
Akshon Esports do amazing and high quality content for Artifact, crazy they get so few views on their videos.	3
Deservedly so too. Tbh I think you must be the favourites.	3
It’s really 90%, which is what the customer is told. Corporate isn’t real smart when it comes to signage.	3
TSM would be cool	3
Some disturbing thoughts, but I hope you’re in a better place now pal.	3
I love this. Kids just live in the moment which makes them so unaware of so many things.	3
I love this woman.	3
Thanks I had heard this advice, Almost botched it in November.	3
We did it [NAME], we stopped racism	3
True. And he's free to leave if he doesn't get it. Relationship is a dance	3
Who had sent him threatening notes last week.	0
If she is an INFJ they can be quite caustic and verbally abusive at times.	1
Motor Kombat was awesome. Goofy as hell, but awesome.	3
Sounds like you need to get some help /s	3
He is a douche, but I love that douche!	3
Stotts raising Nurk's usage rate is making me a happy fan	3
Actually made me feel worse. Kids are always back there, death would have been guaranteed had they any.	4
Please tell me you were buying something extremely embarassing!	4
I actually really like it the way it is now! The pink sky with only a few clouds is different and very cool.	3
thank you so much! :)	3
I love seeing satan... I mean saban upset	3
Thanks. Screw the cancellation rate, it’s worth denying <4.7. Good to know!	3
I'm pretty sure you killed me. I got killed by a pounder on a plane on that very same map 2 days ago or so lol	3
> Woo that sadness out Welp, never gonna be able to have a night out on the town again without this coming up	4
I want one....i dont care who.... Unarmed charecter	3
I hope the bleeding didn’t last long	3
The fact that her pillows are brown is way more disturbing to me	0
True. I just always enjoyed the atmosphere of that place. And a couple of the sandwiches weren't bad at all.	3
Reminds me of that chick and the lizard, [NAME], and 7-11 tried to get the store number lol	3
For some reason, I thought this was one of his Bros trying to save him from her.	3
Omg, the hands touch the chicken, go off screen and then touch the salt. My mind is contaminated with Salmonella.	5
Thats beyond shockingly bad. A new level of terrible. Wow...	5
Enjoying it. It makes shaving my head easier.	3
General population are scared of press	2
Out of curiosity, about how many students were in the class?	5
Should of just stabbed her up tbh why let someone steal from you	0
Wow! I just played my self	3
Looks expensive. Hope you enjoyed the game!	3
That looks absolutely awful. On the good side, whoever made it, can only get better.	1
Do I wish people with face tattoos wouldn't be judged? Hell yes! But I'm not ignorant or Delusional enough to believe this.	0
If she was in that mode, why would this guy even be in consideration for a Super Bowl date?	5
I’m upvoting for the misuse of the meme because so many people get their panties in a bunch over it.	3
Is it really that common for charedim to get semichah outside of Chabad?	5
So what should I do?? I’ve been dating her for eight years and am confused on what to do please help me.	5
bless. wish you more beautiful days ahead!	3
Watch [NAME] left arm and hand as he's on the floor. Scary.	2
Goddamnit [NAME] back at it again...	0
Damn, he sold all out for that kick	0
I’m a left-leaning libertarian, and it annoys me that the left won’t have an honest conversation on immigration and border security.	0
Give it time.	3
Things did not go well on Eros Station...	4
#QUIT HURTING THE BIRDS	4
I could drive my fucking van through there!	0
Thanks for reminding me not to have kids	3
Show down there heretic. You obviously meant to say: Unquestionable truth, any diversion from what seems to be true only comes from our own limitations. /s	0
To be fair he probably is saying that.	3
Happy new year to you too! :>	3
And based on the film of [NAME] novel *Johnny Got His Gun*, both worth checking out.	3
No, it would not. How the hell is that evidence that [NAME] didn't commit the crime?	0
This is a good step. Refusing to vaccinate your kids should be considered child abuse.	3
I was once married and now I live alone. Some weekends, I don’t speak to anyone and don’t go out. Pure heaven.	4
This is pretty funny	3
Classic Leslie!	3
This is disturbing.	0
That definitely hurt	4
Give me sunshine from Clemson in a few years lol	3
What a load of crap !!	1
Same, also no parking so they need to pull in the busy road outside my house. They must hate me.	4
I’m happy he made it and not [NAME]	3
My first thought was ahh who was the RuPaul contestant with the insane legs? [NAME]!! Legs for dayssssss!! Thanks for saving my brain!	5
War is quite different than state sponsored democide.	3
These refs have it out for the colts. I didn't realize we traded our MVP 11 to KC either.	5
The cutest.	3
I wish I had seen this as a teenager :(	3
[NAME] hire a mod and write up some rules! Is this a text based story sub or images or videos or chaos?	5
They are always a fun time.	3
"If that's true, then you can't call what I would have with option 1 ""omnipotence""."	3
almost [NAME] can do it !!	3
Fuck yea!	0
Yeah it looks like it	3
Oh but that was like a positive love story. It didn’t really showcase all the problems with online dating.	3
I'd hate to see the [NAME] be reduced to a drunk junker. You know, like REYS parents are.	0
gorgeous pic!	3
An indie rock guy I loved used dialectics to explain his songwriting process, it was weird.	4
I'm sorry I imagine that was devastating.	4
Yeah how dare the puck not magnetize to [NAME] stick. Not his fault at all.	0
First chance to open reddit today, am not disappointed in this being my top post in my feed. Thanks.	3
55 here. Of course, I could never catch me one of those wonderful incels.	4
The drop is the best part of the rollercoaster! :)	3
"Oh, well when I said ""we"" I didn't mean Reddit, lol. My bad if that was unclear."	3
don’t curse mmeEEEE !	0
Oops. I assumed, wrongly, that it was the same person.	4
You dont know how much that boosted my self-esteem right now. Thank you stranger	3
i love folksy cities skylines man	3
Didn’t mean to offend, sorry if I did. I’m a firm believer in less glass( phones) and more flesh/blood.	4
At least she didn't cough into it afterwards. Double whammy	3
What interests do you have?	5
"I thought the army would be like the top image. ""Then why the fuck did you sign up as a [NAME] OP"""	0
I have no shame to say I know the dances and most of the live shows. SHE IS MY QUEEN	3
A joke is subjective pal, second of all you need to mature/grow up and get a taste of the real world before giving your political opinions.	3
I saw at least one user on this forum talking badly about [NAME] for missing playing time.	0
Beautiful shot. It goes through my back yard every day.	3
Coherence, The One I Love	3
And good riddance!	3
Is it really up to $11?	5
And now you manage a gym on base ..or..?	5
Stay strong.	3
Damn. Didn't know [NAME] was still making videos.	5
I remember when I started showering every day as a kid. Everyone's first thought was I had a girlfriend.	5
Other than family, I neither remember the last time I got a compliment	5
Congratulations puppy, here have some cake.	3
Thankkks and np	3
Sweeter than ever.	3
Federal employee here. My amazing tenant offered to pay two months in advance to help with my cash flow.	3
Thank you for the references!	3
I don't know how I feel about this. There's the story going around that [NAME] turned into a diva once he got paid.	5
Never said that. Not once. Punishment isn’t slavery. Unless you’d rather just kill lawbreakers	0
THERE'S A WAR COMING, NED. I DON'T KNOW WHEN, I DON'T KNOW WHO WE'LL BE FIGHTING...BUT IT'S COMING!	2
The shocking conclusion.	5
Then getting irrationally angry when they don’t see it your way.	0
MAKE A MORE DETAILED STORY OF THAT. ALSO MAKE UR OWN SUBREDDIT (r/amusementparkshenanigans). UR A GOOD STORYTELLER	3
Congrats dude!	3
I almost didn’t get that until I heard her voice	5
Stranger: **Compliments me** Me: I'M SORRY!!	4
Fair enough good point	3
"It's more like ""Get tinder or any of the apps and get rejected hundreds of times a day"""	0
Your belief is literally killing children	0
enjoy that vodka, [NAME]	3
Snuggling with my boyfriend	3
The coolest of beans my friend	3
That's great! You got this!	3
You’re so close:) hope you can get one	3
Indifferent before leaving. Indifferent after. Although hasidic [NAME] are fucking mental.	0
There is nothing adorable about that terrifying man	0
Good [NAME] she needs to stop	0
I didn't realize it's been posted that often! Good to know. It was new to me:)	5
You know, ive always wondered how a car could get in a position like that	5
Yet here you are mad about [NAME] being apathetic.	0
Hahah you right. Please don't tell any birds!	3
Your passion for [NAME] literally put a big smile on my face. Stay wavy!	3
You’re looking at hard time mate	4
I would trade any and all players, no one except maybe [NAME] at this point	3
>...fresh fruit and fish. Sounds like paradise!	3
I can't tell if the is comfortable in that outfit	5
That’s the hardest part for some to get over, but hobbies help and getting yourself up and out of the house and spending time with friends	3
I appreciate your honesty.	3
Idk I sort of loved seeing rich kids get stranded on an island with nothing but retired 737s to get them home.	3
Yeah [NAME] is a pretty weird guy.	3
I’m really starting to like that kid	3
That’s funny cause in the movies subreddit everyone was happy about black panther because of skin color.	3
Thank you ladies !	3
wow, there really is “somethin” for everyone ...	5
What was fluky about the 2012 Quakes? They won fair and square and they did it the MLS way	5
Dumpster fire. I cant quit you Edmonton!!	0
I was about to reach out to mine - this situation is nearly the same and your post just saved me from a huge mistake! Thank you	3
All the game modes are super fun	3
Or take it further: Try showering with just hot water. You might be surprised at how clean you get.	5
Damn. I didn't realize they just aren't getting paid right now.	5
I want to make friends too :( but I feel like I have nothing good to offer	4
Huh. That’s kind of crazy.	3
Where are all the memes about tops ending up with another top? Cause trust me, it sucks just as much, if not more.	5
I understand that the fear that you will need to have surgery is very upsetting. But, there is no legal case here.	4
Poor *wittle* snowflake feels harassed, hahaha. If you don't want people to prove you're a moron, maybe don't make it so obvious.	3
Ah, I remember the first time I got scope bite, we all had a good laugh and I got glass in my eye	3
Thanks for the reply. And I'm not gonna do that, no worries. I just enjoy getting knowledge about everything on the earth.	3
she does look like a hooker though lol	3
19 is still considered a teen right? If so, here I am! At least until March.	5
Those are female toes. Busted!	0
Thanks for explaining it to me! I did have an adaptor thing to connect to HDMI, I will double check tonight	3
What do you think is an unacceptable percentage level?	5
Luckily, everyone regrets MySpace.	4
She looks really pretty	3
huh. if there’s no pain, you’re fine. maybe just use spray on like axe or something to detour the smell	3
That makes me feel even pettier. Thanks!	3
Thank you.	3
I don’t see the yes yes yes yes part. Just one big no.	0
Not incel related	0
thank you! he’s a boob and his wife is a fool...	3
I think we have the same grinder. Love the bong!	3
These stupid fucking cunts don’t even use “shade” correctly, [NAME] would toss them off the pier.	0
Child: Dad, what's science? Dad: I don't know son, we're republican.	5
"Read it again. Your response shows you didn't understand what I said. ""YES"" = yes you need a degree."	3
"Its supposed to be an ""eye opener"" to those claiming the winning team was lucky. I am not saying either is correct."	3
Oh cool! I don’t drink, but I’m sure a store would have some ready to throw out or something!	3
I wonder how [NAME] prepares his food.	5
I have this in my waiting list, I can't wait to see it.	3
Huh that’s her?! She appears on this sub every 3 days and she looks *so different* every time!!	5
Hopefully once [NAME] comes back, ZAR has earned a spot on the 2nd line LW.	3
This would, honestly, imo, be a better response than what we've gotten so far.	3
Yeah right like they always talk about themselves why can’t I gets me so pissed off	3
Where are my testicles, [NAME]? Edit: thanks for the silver!	3
I love pasta and sushi more than anything! :)	3
It would be terrible if he died and they put his head in a jar or something	2
Dude, it made *me* reflect a little. Side note, what a wonderful username.	3
Wow. He might actually lose Iowa	5
What the fuck? Really? That’s horrible. That’s probably illegal. If it isn’t, it should be.	1
No problem, good luck	3
I like you. WHO WANTS TO TAKE CELEBRATORY SHOTS WITH ME???	5
Haha epic gamer moment	3
I like to hope I can convert some of mine.	3
LPT: As soon as you wake up make a repost, your virtual internet points will make you feel better.	3
I buy and sell iPhones and January has been slow for me too. Good luck to all of us.	3
Very true. Apologies if it came off that way.	4
It’s a shame that the name of the man doing the kicking is lost to history.	4
I'm sorry [NAME]. I won't do it again.	4
Now remember, if something goes wrong, let's not get the law involved, one hand washes the other. Oh, that reminds me.	5
I would point to [NAME] razor: Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity.	0
Be good-looking.	3
None of the [NAME] said please or thank you to the waitress	3
Its not exactly what I thought it was gonna be either, but its okay, there's a lot of food.	3
ah, if only i could hug a beautiful and understanding woman and cry all my depression around her neck.	3
I think she's funny lol. She'd have a better chance at a comedy career than modeling.	3
Also thanks to 4chan	3
I came here just to bask in this thread. Yesterday was wonderful....it was just wonderful.	3
I also think license should be spelled liscence btw, so don't feel bad	3
It's even worse when one considers that they are intent on moving to Europe and that by moving to a developed region their carbon footprint will increase significantly.	0
Thank you for sharing, that was some very big-brained marginalia. Now remember to wash your penis and clean your room before you play minecraft	3
cool cool...	3
Lol I don’t think it’ll change anything.	3
They’ve always been bad my guy	0
~~Comrade~~ [NAME] I'm appalled that you would accuse me of using performance enhancing drugs. Neigh! Neigh I say!	2
Yeah -- a woman who expects a guy to never even think about other women for the rest of his life is a special kind of delusional.	3
Please. Sorry.	4
Just remember to refrigerate it and not leave it out.	3
Those got me once when I was about 6 because I wanted to go up two steps at a time. I still do that to this day...	3
I'm surprised she could operate a suitcase.	5
😻 that's a line if I ever saw one	5
I thought I was the only one who loved cold pizza! Everyone thinks I’m crazy! I’d rather have cold pizza than hot honestly	3
NO absolueltey wrong. WE MUST PRIORITIZE GETTING CORPORATE MONEY OUT OF POLITICS OR WE WILL NEVER BE ABLE TO SOLVE ANOTHER PROBLEM IN THIS COUNTRY.	5
[NAME] and the Chicago Wolves (I'm so sorry)	4
I’m to scared to tell them :(	2
bleh. You would think 160 reps in and I wouldn't have that problem. Thanks for the insight.	3
Loving the circle-jeck hate, how about not getting so triggered by other people taking offense at an ad	3
That's just... Wow. I would've called CPS on her.	3
No? This is literally saying that a wall would be useless, unless you also wanna build 40-50 feet beneath the ground.	0
I can’t wait!!!	3
>I don't care either way. Good. Then stop making asinine comments on the matter.	0
The commies will be much less sympathetic if they get the chance.	3
What would be the best place to search for teammates then	5
Shit's going down in Zim. 6 people killed yesterday by army and over 200 arrested.	4
It was less painful than a bee sting! I felt so silly afterwards!	4
Only blurred photos, but could be something I suppose. Here's to hoping	3
Lmao god damn	3
Not really. Relying on someone you can't trust is bad. Sometimes relying on someone is the only happiness you'll get.	5
You went from hot to hot, that’s crazy!	3
It’s spam	0
Adding a few projectile characters only made the game better, not worse. Bars can go though.	3
Would that be seen as a scam? I mean I would think taking advantage of people with below average IQ would be a violation of the NAP	5
Same thing I thought haha	3
Oh, right -- hospital scene faxing the sketch of [NAME]? I just realized.	5
Nicknames like that get me all hot and bothered.	0
Why is there no equivalent sub for the wimminfolk (and anyone else who cares to join) to oogle in?	5
Lets fuckin do this	3
De un tronco a otro. I hope they wake up!	3
>But a leader who strikes fear Like when people were worried [NAME] might murder them?	5
Ohh that's in season I like that one	3
Just be GOOD at what you do, and fade the chase	3
Cheers, girl! But yeah, he could return her, but no refund or exchanges for him!	3
Damn... That means a lot. Thank you!	3
Well Played	3
thanks <3	3
Lol Question for you. Why do you believe everything presented to you?	5
If you still have fish or plants, I would love to take them. Unfortunately I don’t have space for another tank	3
Shit dude I thought I was Mr. [NAME]? Here have some beans lol	3
I have nothing to offer you but my love.	3
Turning the Sunny Side Up into a Shitty Side in All Directions. Love it!	3
It's been deleted, we can't even see what it was now (unfortunately).	4
I had my skin half ripped off thanks to a belt machine. Never got my arm close to the belts	3
Keep it going. Love your hot takes on this sub.	3
u/TheQTVain praying for your little fighter. Hope everything goes well and he comes out in good health. Stay strong and let [NAME] do his thing ❤️	3
That was a perfectly crafted joke and I see nothing wrong here.	3
>Yes. I’m an idiot. Checks out.	0
I love the fact that he is a complicated character makes it challenging	3
This happened to me 6 months ago and I am still hurt and actively trying to talk to her... Idk how to stop	5
I remember thinking how smart I was then. /s	3
Seriously, someone out there has to love this dumpster fire TV show enough to edit some videos	3
Man I wish they wouldn’t	3
That's not an actual thing you realise? No one is that stupid.	0
thank you so much we do in fact [NAME]	3
So what? The LW doesn't. want. more. children.	0
I'm sorry. That's awful	1
My [NAME] this Administration is somewhere between the mafia and the three stooges	5
Yeah I know day of the dead is real thing but they way [NAME] portrayed it was so much better than anything I've seen	3
Very curious why there is no other competition in this market space	5
This sum GTA 5 type shit right here.	0
yes, please do I'm worried about her D:	2
I love you too, no homo.	3
I would like to thank this game for being over on time. :)	3
Says one of the two people who keeps on responding to each comment with a very poorly argued position lacking both in research and in common sense.	0
I thought the sane until I got threatening emails from HR	5
CUE THE MUSIC!!!	3
I’ll give this a look. Thanks for consideration.	3
I’m so sorry :/ always happens to the ones who deserve it the least. feel better♥️	4
This wasn't exactly aimed at the national brain trust.	0
How can he balance like that with those massive balls of steel he obviously has?	5
You said the words I couldn’t find in my head. That’s what I was trying to say the whole time! Thank you.	3
Fair enough.	3
Sick of that stupid floss dance	0
What’s a leppo?	5
Does anybody ever tell you guys that you're doing a good job? Because they should. You're doing a good job.	3
Good guy for real.	3
I'm with you, pulju has been looking dangerous lately	2
I bet you're not the only one. That space is kinda safe... go be slightly challenging. ;)	3
Lol no.	0
Love your /u/ so much.	3
Isn't Marquis literally a noble title and not his actual name. I don't think being nobility counts as a fair expectation for the modern youth.	0
30 Rock is the best. I'm currently on my 1st rewatch of The Office and it's still just as good as I remember it.	3
what about the balls!?	5
His name is [NAME]. He's kinda funny, you should check out his other work.	3
Thanks! I was probably going to look in the Midwest	3
Oh come on, can you just enjoy the damn picture?	0
Looks pretty dope.	3
You also have the option of making it quite unique. Would be a delight to see if you got it!	3
Playing the golden oldies eh?	5
Should I say (sent to all) after I say snap back to snap more?	5
we got good at breakaways!!	3
This doesn't solve the problem of people using controllers, they make it harder for everyone low rank or not	0
Idk, my fleshlite addiction is pretty costly	5
I guess a little research goes a long way. [NAME] is the last speaker with the 20 dollar example. Stay strong all!	3
Too bad that's not the case. I'm happy I'll one day die.	0
Because killing the same mice twice is very tricky	5
This offense is just painful to watch.	1
So we got Summer’s model now. Team STRQ flashbacks next volume?	5
Heh, unfortunately true. Especially with US medical system which mostly refuses euthanasia of any kind.	3
wow that’s really some hate there. I hated [NAME] in the Office too, but he got okay since the third run	0
Wait what are the stereotypes? As a bi male I'm a bit curious to find out what others think in like.	5
Kill it with fire.	0
Plot twist, they're all looking at a mirror because everyone there is a beautiful student	3
Yeah well you’re a horrible [NAME]	0
So 7 years of playing the game (started playing at 15 and is 24 now). Ridiculous.	3
Just cleaned my room	3
I love posts like this because they make me feel so much better about being vegan.	3
So I'm being unsafe. I'll work on that, thanks.	3
It's crazy, just something small like that, can make a man forget about all his troubles. I wish I new what that felt like 🙄	3
Was he good back then?	5
I saw the video. It was more awkward than anything.	1
Yes you can, you need to worry about em for a little while ago obviously doesn't handle as well as like 500lb heavier.	3
Every time one of our players enter top form they get injured.	4
I love this drink.GIF	3
SDAs are [RELIGION] tho lol	3
**GET OUT NORMIES! OUT!**	0
[NAME] comment has me laughing	3
If [NAME] gets 350M+ from anyone we should be glad we didn't get him.	3
I agree. I’d love to keep [NAME] around but recognize it might not be possible.	3
What?! And you’re not a vegetable?! /s	5
I was in the top 3 on solo and lost solely due to buddy having 2 concussions.	4
I'm just tired of feeling the same way everyday it's really grinding me down, that sucks about your summer school.	0
As ironic as it sounds but her being a non factor is what ultimately won them the game (compared to inting [NAME])	3
I'm so gay I can't even drive straight - a bumper sticker older than most redditors	2
Maybe? I was def too busy going “ohmygawd motherfucking KING SHARK!?! 🦈 “ to notice	0
hmm today i will listen to death and destruction	4
Just curious, would it be logged on the system if they were accessed?	5
Uh, yeah. That was a dumb question and if you thought it was going somewhere you re dead wrong.	0
Yes! And also when you accidentally look at someone and think that they think that you're checking them out or something.	3
If hes married and a decade down the road and tells her im sure itll be nothing more than a great laugh lol	3
This is one of my favorite details/hidden views in the entire city.	3
I'm underweight anyways, somebody hand me an English to (whatever language) translation book.	4
i love this video	3
[NAME] did nothing wrong	3
The guy with the camo comment is correct. r/woosh	3
This is disgusting. *secretly gets horny* I've had it with this sub. *opens new incognito tab*	1
Good work, friend.	3
That's the best treasure I could every hope to find	3
somebody's sad lol lol	3
Had to upvote just because of how wholesome this comment feels	5
I thought it was going to cut to them still trying to get it out of its mouth! When the kid was holding it again I lost it	4
True, I am not a fan of [NAME] or anyone really. I did not mean to make so many people mad.	0
Lol, nah, that team was nothing more than nyxl and friends. Nyxl coach, and mostly nyxl players.	3
That shit really just made my night. Haha	3
KS looks like a prime target for democrats to prove that they can help rural [NAME], I hope that they do good things here.	3
I was so worried for the kitty the whole story.	2
“stay still” the best and most timely advice you’ll ever get.	3
Uh...no	0
Living here. Now my daughters biggest aspiration is to leave this place, and I can’t say I blame her.	4
>the satisfaction of knowing how bent out of shape you're getting What a sad existence.	4
He's a cool guy, he just had a rare lapse in to verysmart territory	3
That’s awesome! Good call :) settling my alarm now m/	3
Dont break NC. Bring doggo inside and warn the grandparents. Unless theres a good doggo beach/park nearby then maybe go out instead	0
Oh, doi. Makes total sense now. Boy I really hope I get fired for this blunder.	3
Why so may downvotes?	5
excuse me IS THIS AN ANALOGY	5
Continue the positivity!	3
as much as I could tolerate - sadly I gave you a view.	4
[NAME] just might be the hardest working man in hockey.	3
[NAME] YES!!!	3
r/suddenlytrans? This is totally a joke I'd make if I grew	3
WHY [NAME]?	5
I heard a fade in/out version of palpatine’s screech in my head just now. Lol	3
Ok but who’s gonna take one for the team and make their flair “eats Xanax and moves on”	3
“I am going to be going through a nasty divorce in a few years so I will need the money.” - [NAME]	4
That logo looks cool in the morning lol almost cyperpunk	3
That's a lovely thought, really awesome of you. Don't know personally but you could try contacting the Seoul International Women's Association (SIWA).	3
You progressively lose more of your money!	3
Since 1987 it has been like this, I love this team and this sport.	3
I'm so jealous!	0
You die > mom will be sad	4
I agree with the last paragraph, it isn't there fault the other side didn't want to participate though.	3
Astonishing. I've read about these people but have never met one. I am so relieved for you that she is out of your life.	3
>it should be **illegal** to teach **religion** to young children Do you believe in a separation of church in state though?	0
I’ll be there later this year. Can’t wait.	3
That is so adorable. Her username as well.	3
These disgusting old hags are literally old school flesh-consuming ghouls. Like [NAME] or [NAME].	1
That, and truthers. Like, why? It just makes everything else she says seem suspect to the average person regardless of how sound it is.	5
Lol he did didn't he. Sounds like a race to the bottom.. filled with cockends	3
Thanks mate. I'm going to repeat your words to myself until I start believing them. Thanks for giving me a bit of hope :)	3
Yes. But it’s still KFC so there’s a long way to go.	5
The chubby one scurrying away against the baseboards has me cracking up. Typical hamster.	3
Oh got it	3
It’s a circlejerk that’s so strong it could power a small country	3
Kinda surprised he listed [NAME] and [NAME] in particular, but not [NAME]. I guess this is the Leafs spotlight working in real time here.	5
I can see the rippled sandy bottom, the shark is clearly visible, the surface is near. I feel ok 😁	3
😭😭 okay. You’re right! I should just like make ice cream at home and get over it.	3
A shame our driver education programs in the U.S. are pretty much a joke as compared to those in Germany.	3
Stay strong! Get well soon!	3
A complete lack of self-reflection is a prerequisite for being a [NAME] supporter.	4
You had great seats!	3
Wonder how the iPhones working out	5
Don’t take this seriously man, I was joking.	3
The House comes and goes every few years. Judges hang on until they die. Congrats on the House.	3
Hey its me [NAME]	3
Unfortunately half the country are not being reasonable.	4
Escape and after some time then die, this is a pretty bad advice so just don't do it	3
Incorrect. I'll go with what [NAME] tells me thanks.	0
That’s awesome.	3
Yeeeeaaaaahhhhh, im gonna need a source on that 40% statistic	3
FYI: Time in Europe works the same as in the State. We do not have 'weird time'	0
Sitting there dreaming of hot girls coming up to you in your room is better.	3
As a person who lives in NYC, I couldn't possibly agree more	0
Thank [NAME] for you	3
How does that work on joystick though? Never played on console, is this still a problem?	5
oh wow, that's great news! 12 episodes of a good show always leave me on my appetite!	3
Ah I had no idea!	5
In that conversation it was the girl being boring and closed... sometimes it’s not your fault and people feel they’re the ones being awkward	4
Cheers, [NAME]!	3
Venetian Snares x [NAME]. Amazing	3
I would be surprised if she's doesn't have at least 1 kid	5
This hurts me more than the fan meme.	4
And then they clapped and gave you $100, I'm sure	0
What a (morbid) analogy - I like it!	3
omg ;; my boy heavy	5
I'm not responding until you point me where any of my statements contradict cut and clear	0
11 seconds. I'll try harder next time.	3
It's been 10 minutes, I'm still laughing 😂😂😂	3
I’m not an Aub man. Check the flair.	0
Not at all!	0
wait... so are ugly people downwoted all the time or they don't post or what is going on here...	5
It's cute to hear that teens are still having mall dates--I thought those died out 15 years ago.	3
Calling Hollywood...would make a great movie.☺	3
Funny enough OP is a gooner	3
I don't like [NAME] but I'd never wish this fate to any parent.	0
Save money and find a good partner so you can be financially stable with someone you love and do whatever you want the rest of your life.	3
M'goodboy. His mommy better give him plenty of tendies and honey mussy for his good manners.	3
I'd also report to the post office... and next time these nasty neighbors come-give them the number to call and complain.	0
Who has the skills to turn this into a fight seen? Maybe ninjas or the 7 dwarves	5
Tbh as a [NAME] this sort of news make me happy.	3
Yeah, it does that to me on my laptop. Nothing just happens. If I try on mobile I just get that error message.	0
Delete this. Not relevant.	0
Is this a real question or a snark?	5
Thanks! Here's hoping silly comic book shows don't trigger you in 2019!	3
You sound fun at parties	3
On my way! Thanks!	3
I don't know, but there's probably a word for it in German.	5
Just get on good ol reddit and have the nice people decide what you do.	3
Kinda both. The show itself is mediocre and has pretty generic jokes in my opinion. But the fans make me dislike it even more.	0
That took me a moment. I am ashamed and will now go commit Sudoku.	4
I wanted [NAME] so bad, but at least we got a cute character (little ticked about the scythe but, I'll still play her)	3
Thank you for coming to my Ted Talk	3
Yup, already blocked his number, he was never supportive	0
But also: fuck the daily mail	0
There are levels of survival we are prepared to accept.	3
what happened to that uk transfer they picked up, haven't heard much about him	5
The least offensive example of anyone I've seen telling me to go fuck myself.	0
[NAME] I hope that isn’t the release date. I’m holding out for 12am EST 🤞	3
No they haven’t and that’s probably a lot of the problem	0
I cackled at [NAME] face down in the corner.	3
Says who? Comedians can joke about anything as long as it's funny to their audience.	3
Lmao that's a funny coincidence	3
Oh no my jimmies are so rustled! Please desist your relentless banter!	4
right. cause it's real. that's why she has to talk about it.	3
This sounds familiar. But no it will be [NAME] fault. She MADE [NAME] hurt you for the greater good. /s	4
Try posting to r/mentalhealth I'm sorry this is happening to you and I hope you get better.	3
I miss candlestick :(	4
Yeah. You wanna call me a liar, explain why, liar.	5
Yes I'm sure lol every god has flaws that's what keeps them balanced	3
Argument a month. I should be so lucky.	0
Additional space race	3
It's irrelevant though. it doesn't need to be specified in the title of a post.	0
He’s still right. Doortrash sucks	3
I see a 14 day old reddit account angry at liberals.	0
In the least condescending way possible I think you have some gross misconceptions and I'd like to clear them up.	3
Wow. Yes. But here I am. On my phone. Responding.	5
Sorry man, it’s gonna be really hard to find a Rose jersey anywhere that isn’t a 3XL	4
What I figured but needed some clarification. Thanks!	3
Uh well one has a long face but I think we’re thinking of different people here haha. They’re a popular 80’s band	3
People hate him? Why? Most call him the most dominant player in CFB this year.	5
The comments made by [NAME] to Truth on Smackdown about [NAME] makes me really think [NAME] has an outside chance at the win	5
Holy shit I’m stupid	0
I didn't know [NAME] was in a j rock band	5
Have fun getting arrested for child porn then! Check your DM’s 😉	3
Alarming! 🥀🥀🥀 🚓🍩🚓🍩🚓	5
"""Best prank ever"" :) One of my favorite moments."	3
One wrong kick can end oh so horribly	2
I’m sorry you are feeling so down friend, that is really difficult. I hope find a way to feel better.. maybe go to emergency care...	3
I think he can be much, much better than [NAME]. No doubt. His length, good defense. We are talking about [NAME], right?	3
Hahaha and those pathetic elderly taking computer classes. What worthless trash people XD	3
That’s awesome! Hopefully the sanity keeps up	3
depends on who im with lol. I became an Entp for a short while then went back to being an introvert.	3
Loved his wife.	3
Last night [NAME].	3
I think it may be interesting if the public could vote for films.	3
Oh perfect- I am surrounded by [RELIGION] and they LOVE those kinds of “parties”	3
Good luck using north melbourne when they change it to 'west' and make a new north melbourne station	3
I fucking love this GIF so much.	3
I'd love it if we actually rotated instead of running players into the ground.	3
In this day and age I’m actually surprised at how many hotels haven’t sorted plugs by the beds yet	5
Thanks for the hot take, /u/cumosaurusgaysex	3
I'm only saying it because I'm jealous :(	0
Happy cake day to you too!	3
okay for real, i saw this when the game ended. i died. i fucking died laughing. -sent from my HeavenPhone (TM)	3
Thank you for the context. Everything makes sense now, I'd forgotten how... Certain kinds of people can be	3
There is nothing that back ups his claims. To me his views sounds more like wishful thinking.	0
That's perfectly fine. I'm sorry if I offended you in any way. Have a nice day.	4
[NAME] isn’t interested in ceremony but is interested in having time with you. Love this!	3
Absolutely. It takes me back to a much happier time. When I die I hope I go to San Junipero.	3
[NAME], I love science.	3
Wow, essential oils can now replace oxygen	5
Oh hi [NAME]	3
Honestly wish I could do this, I miss my long hair sometimes :(	4
If I get another dog imma name it after a [NAME] song SO FUCKING CUUUUTE	3
I'm confused why you reposted this from this sub. I'm even more confused why you left evidence that shows this.	5
Thanks. People on the sub are unreasonable. They think [NAME] is worth so much yet won't give up much for [NAME]	3
It won't be. Just a rumor.	0
Wow you found the answer, wish you were on top, will link to you in my post	5
Wow, that would have been messy.	3
This is how mafia works	5
These leaks are actually very credible. It's sad that you guys let Hate and anger blind you from enjoying the experience.	4
I'm surprised everyone seems to think there will be a season 2.	5
Thanks a lot!	3
what's your MBTI type?, just curious btw	5
Must've misunderstood something about his injury. Thanks for pointing it out	3
Thank you. Posted this to Facebook!	3
Maybe or my reptilian DNA hasn't manifested yet	5
Best side quest ever!	3
Yes Thank you ! Someone might try to sue me because they pulled out and got pregnant ... use full body condoms if you think Facebook should support your baybeeees	3
I was grouping twitter with it. Tweets were great this year	3
Can I see it?	5
Your appearance doesn't magically look objectively creepy just because you're a creep. You're being stupid.	0
*snerk* People like this kill me. Idiots.	0
Wow. Racists are really coming out of the woodwork to excuse and defend racism. How sad.	4
thanks mate! yes, will buy some protein shakes today.. fucking expensive but better than starving i guess	3
I think you also underestimate how big Chelsea has become, especially in the States	4
So how did all the new airmen with you in that class feel like after being treated to the real Air Force?	5
??? Where the hell is this article getting it's data from...	0
You know he meant Golden Gardens. You are not discussing this in good faith.	4
Oh, fuck off. It’s no one’s fault but yours that you think every mention of the word ‘men’ means you specifically.	0
It’s fitting. All things Considered.	3
I lost it when all the heroes kept going back and forth into siege range	4
Let's do this... 4 game win streak again!	3
They didn't actually run any tests to confirm it was even bone, let alone human.	0
I hope these young women change the church and not the other way around.	3
I ate 2 lots of rice a day, with chilli. I also had a bowl of high carb cereal. I lost 4stone. CICO, is real!	3
My own worst enemy singalong is my favorite LOL	3
Hi, [NAME]! I am dropping by to wish you the most fantastic day of your life! Have a good one! -HappyFriendlyBot	3
Actually pretty :(( as [NAME] since the Hair is one big abomination and it could have been sooooo cool.	3
That was a fluid motion and it scared me	2
In the worst of the anger phase I took up running. It’s hard to stay in that state while your legs are burning that much.	0
[NAME] path made me hate everything associated with pirates	0
Hey congrats!! That's amazing, you've done such amazing progress! Hope you have a great day :)	3
Thank you for your input! I’ll look into it	3
Yes. (That's the back side of the Palace hotel.)	3
Wishing you all of the best friend !!!!	3
Oh [NAME], oh no, no no no	5
[NAME] enslaved the [NAME] and MLMs enslave...well...everybody.	0
Damn girl, Stockholm syndrome is strong with you. All I can say is I wish you all the best.	3
Wish i had more up votes for you.	3
So, they want a more profitable split? Surprised they wouldn't go for the Discord store then. Didn't it offer even better a split?	5
Those cards are so cool	3
Cute pupper 😍😍😍	3
Yeah that’s one of the things I’m most worried about, still hopeful!	2
You used the correct term. Good job.	3
He raped you. Leave. Now. Cut all contact. Easy answers here. You deserve far far better than this	3
Read in the news yesterday that 3.6 million have lost their insurance since the rump took office. I wonder how many of them died because of it?	5
He's ridiculous, I've never watched out west when he was on the Spurs. But damn. Hope He stay.	3
Disgusting making [NAME] talk to this fat moron	1
Goose don’t give a fuck	0
Man I thought [NAME] was going to be the real deal. I wanted [NAME] gone so bad around that time.	0
lol @ additionally “learning” physiotherapy as if we DPTs/PTs didnt spend our own 3 years learning.	3
[NAME] why would you blow your load on your fucking suit with fur on it	0
Be ready to Experience Canes Hockey	3
It’s good dude I had to have it explained to me I’m just passing on the love	3
My barber was thinning my Hair with a new blade and cut my ear. Bled like crazy.	0
I love Subnautica. It's so, so terrifying but also beautiful and cool and I can wimp out and put it down any time.	3
So is the OP still permabanned for no reason?	5
They are probably waiting for his harasser to pull a [NAME]. Filthy men.	0
Thank you. As a father I found this hysterical. I'm legit laugh-crying rn	3
Oh I see...I keep trying to do the move everytime they're down. Thanks for the clarification.	3
Maybe Streamlight Strion if OP wants something Fenix PD35 sized? Havent used one myself but have heard good things.	3
In case anyone is wondering.. the money was a 20$ tip. Edit: 200$. I’ve been corrected.	3
sorry this happened to you. id be sad and angry too if i worked hard on something, and someone took that away	4
No one does... that what makes it so provocative.	0
My only regret will be posting this on my alt account.	4
Clamato? I see you Canada. And I like it. By the way, we need Wonderbars here in the US. Thanks	3
Excellent summary.	3
SC6 has a colourful cast and is actually very easy to get into. So yeah man, go for it.	3
Yep. ~~(Also, I'm not interested in getting arrested so sorry.)~~	0
It's easy to overthink things online, I'm glad you gave him a chance.	3
Are there any Veracruz fans in the sub?	5
I like your baby😍	3
Dude was okay?! Oh thank god, i figured at best paralyzed from the waist down	3
Cool story bro.	3
Here’s to taking care of ourselves and reaching out to each other and getting the support we need!	3
Nirvana is a great band but a good chunk of people in their fan base are just awful (underratedly awful)	3
"It's not ""over"". Don't believe that. Focus on making friends. The more people in your network, it seems better."	3
Wow great analogy, exactly like that yes	3
Thank you for that statement.	3
I like how he wrote many of the TRUE [NAME]. I wonder what a fake [NAME] believes in.	5
is this sub scared to talk about [NAME] getting arrested	2
As much fun as I've had yanking their chains, does anyone know the background behind these particular scam calls? I've gotten several of them lately.	3
Mad respect to her for being honest. I like how they consulted a dietician for their article to confirm a diet of cocaine and tapas was unhealthy lololololol.	3
[NAME] looking good for a big game	3
You are welcome, I have faced lot of sibling related issues. Hope things work out well for you.	3
I read TFTFD periodically, too - - I wasn't sure if the Mods there would leave the post up or tell LAOP to post on r/AskHotel instead.	5
She’s just not that into you, that’s what I think. You need to find an HL girlfriend and go have fun.	3
aw thank you, I want to get rid of some of my extra things and eat food with less packaging	3
I’m from Ocean County and I don’t enjoy admitting you’re right.	0
Is it weird that I’m relieved?	5
[NAME] is definitely a good player, would probably be an [NAME] in the East, but fuck him lol	3
I'll message you when I have the time to play! :) Ty!	3
Have the zombies symbols available somewhere near for the Ra step, it's the most challenging	5
Thank you destruct	3
Can genes be altered? I feel like I’ve heard something like this.	5
I know right?! My parents are extremely proud & grateful they don't have to help me pay debt.	3
And ALL of you will tune in next week because it’s the best trash TV ever created!	3
I'm on episode 8 and this is where the show has gotten boring af for me.	0
"""in2"" Is this a time saver over ""into""? This reporter says no."	5
Go watch the video where she does [NAME] makeup, [NAME] is super tall, especially compared to [NAME].	3
The president's own charity is under federal investigation so its time to drag out some so called progressives and show that there are bad people on all sides.	5
Lol. Well, I enjoyed our heart to heart either way	3
It would be funny and sad if he gets heart complications again	3
I would be so pissed if I was part of that coaching staff. That was unbelievable.	5
Oh gosh, I'm so sorry you had to deal with that. It sounds like you handled it really well. Kids are cruel.	4
This makes me smile	3
so abused...	0
HAHAHAHA!!!!!	3
And even then... It won't be for long.	0
Close game but glad to see we came back in the end	3
It's a great town.	3
Wow, I might actually watch this weirdo movie this time.	5
I have no idea what you're talking about, I'm in the UK we have a different class system !	5
There kinda funny	3
I didn’t even realize it says it right there. Sorry	4
I like it	3
The 1st 5 minutes of this game will be key. Hope they come out with some passion. Go Oil	3
That sentence should be illegal.	0
Not to be harsh but I feel like she has been dieting and working out for quite some time .. wouldn’t there be some change by now ?	5
given his form over the last year or so, turning into nueur would have gotten us that goal haha	3
Much better thanks hun !	3
In 5 days bones would not be crusted over,sorry not buying it.	4
I want to clarify that I am NOT scared. I punched the mirror because it looked at me wrong.	0
Liberal Grandma best Grandma.	3
Fun fact: There are only 2,208 billionaires in the world	3
That’s what’s it’s called or what SHE’S called?🤣	5
That dude popped a viagra and got stuck in his neck.	0
I'm just curious. I don't have anyone in mind rn. Just wanted to know if there are some cues	5
> Books. Love them, have enough The library is your friend :)	3
Back in the seventies and eighties we all did this and it was no big deal.	5
it really sucks how absolutely fucked some of us got genetically in the chest department	0
Where do you think the [NAME] came from, before they arrived in Spain?	5
Yeah I realised that a bit too late. I still wanted to further explain myself regardless but thank you for being nice about it.	3
Great. Then he can levy a fine against person who took the photo.	3
[NAME] isn’t even a homer at this point. He’s just dumb.	0
That was such a good cast. Loved that year.	3
Thanks - Glad I did not waste the money / gold	3
Definitely not a dead human body. He’s probably just a weird dude that has some weird thing in his room that smells terrible.	0
Shame Saints aren't even going to get a LBP out of this game, feels like that's the minimum deserved	4
Don’t be ashamed of what you like. You have a good day, fellow redditor.	3
Nothing like a little bit of whataboutism. We can think they're *both* idiots.	0
Lol every time I complain we score like 2 min later. I will wait 5 min	3
[NAME] here...that guac looks horrible	2
This scene was priceless! Trash TV gold.	3
40's French movie girl. Bold look cotton, let's see how it plays out	5
TBH I was worried he actually hurt [NAME]. Glad everyone is ok.	3
[NAME] was the same in Crestwood. Scary as hell.	2
who's to late?	5
I couldn’t live like this. You should leave.	0
It would hilarious if racist attacks against [NAME] propel him to the PMO.	3
No no no i didnt learn about that in my middle school bio class so it can't be real 😤	0
Unfortunately not.	0
thank you very much, i do not care for it one bit	3
Doesn't look intentional though.	0
Wow. You should actually delete your account.	5
Ok I see what you mean. Thanks.	3
the hate we get in here is palpable.	3
I've been seeing these since I was a kid! Wish we all had an answer...	3
I don’t know anything about Israeli politics except that [NAME] is awful and I hope he loses.	0
You're so cool.	3
Opposing ethnonationalism and private property is hardly a weird hill for an anarchism to defend	1
It’s so crazy how [NAME] went from being an elite goaltender to barely an ahl bum in a matter of 2-3 years. I cri	5
Funny how reddit works	3
Me and the hubby watch every friday. Lol	3
Good thing they were all about to jump when it happened. Do you know what happened to the pilots?	5
Ahh, thanks for the response.	3
Hello! Happy new years my friend!	3
Thanks for the explanation! And lol yeah that’s fair - ‘rag’ isn’t exactly the flashiest of terms!	3
Omg! That's awesome thank you so much!	3
Thank you for that. My gf jumped right next to me! 😂😂😂	3
Have a good day at work bud	3
Ah ok, will do, and thanks!	3
>a Thursday night rampage that killed the 22-year-old officer and shot up a surrounding downtown neighborhood. Not exactly a constitutional standoff with the government	0
so proud of you!	3
Yes no one wants to believe my religion and how to make people happy so it makes me sad	4
I am literally dumbstruck. Reality has been brought into question. Top tier YouTube comments though.	5
People done be ignorant	0
It actually gives me comfort, too. Whatever happens, we will all be there together.	3
Florida. I moved up here and chose the best hockey team in NY/the universe	3
we are at !CURSED! levels of cursed	0
LOL get it guys the joke is necrophilia 😂😂😂😂😂😂👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼	3
I don't know what they say about fools and their money, but I'll gladly pay you to find out	3
yeah i want to see what kind of car it is post pics :)	5
I absolutely think this is possible, and for the good of our team: *TOLES FINDS DEM HOLES!*	3
"Given that the murder rate is primarily caused by the so-called ""war on drugs"", I don't see how gun laws would affect it at all. "	0
Perm what? Seems like it’s like permanent virginity with a haircut lookin like that	5
It's changing, slowly but surely. 20 years ago most people liked fur, now it's seen as cruel and unnecessary.	5
[NAME] is there anything more depressing than being in a leafs gdt when the leafs are losing.	4
So. Much. *Effort.* I ca't believe a tree died for this sin.	5
I love when kids get cocky and then fall / get injured. That first kid's smile and face plant is just the best.	3
Dr [NAME] is so adorable. I just want to give him a hug then ask him to make a diet for me.	3
What a muffin!	3
I love that place I actually went their for my prom pictures	3
Thanks brother/sister. If I wasn’t so poor I’d gold you	3
Neither are those 6 other pairs that I am wearing!!!	4
The irony that most of these disgusting things wouldn’t have made it through the winter without vaccines	1
All the people who got on at canning bridge station this morning and kept pushing and shoving each other like animals.	0
i don't love love love it	0
I don't know why but every time I see a meme telling me how good I am it doesn't do anything and doesn't make me happy	4
It's strange i don't understand how work reddit, i drop a link when i create a post but it doesn't work	5
good luck my friend	3
you’re acting mad pretentious lol there’s nothing wrong with wanting to live in Cali	0
No, that's not standard, it's a common house rule (and is often published in the instructions as an alternate rule as well).	0
Ah yes, my apologies!	4
In other words, being a woman but not identifying with your oppression. How special	0
People there are great citizens out there who dislike Rick & Morty studies) should be legalized already.	3
I see now, but at that time i just woke up and this was the first thread i saw hah	5
Now you see me.... Too. Lol	3
I doubt that [NAME] cares.	0
That doesn’t help people in market though.	0
Thank you for explaining it better than my rambling. I agree.	3
Absolutely amazing how people think this is anonymous.	3
Same with [NAME], she’s simply stunning at any age.	3
new genders about to drop doesn’t strike me as a bad joke tbh.	0
I like the Call Her Daddy Girls and I don’t care who knows it	3
One can only hope this is the worst issue you ever have to deal with in life. Sheesh.	3
Doesn't even make sense. You don't say dollars 5 so why put the dollar sign in front	0
Is this the correct way to dislodge a train? It seems reckless.	5
mayhaps (I do not know what you mean)	5
Who is telling you looks don't matter at all? Your grandmothers?	5
She’s actually crazy	3
Despite how selfish that seems, I respect the honesty.	3
Not even surprised by rudi, the man has been a beast since we got him.	3
Rethink your body! With type 2 diabetes, you can loose your lower limbs thanks to peripheral artery disease!	3
He is a brave man to even have the courage to put this foundation on his face. I wouldn't have even if [NAME] told me to!	3
I don’t think we want some sort of incest plot arising here	0
Is this illegal somewhere specific?	5
Man at this point I'd be happy with just a few non-sweeps.	3
Thank you so much. ♥️ that means a lot.	3
`Omnialternative` Thanks, I hate it.	3
Unless they end up with [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] (or similiar), this will be a huge failure. Yikes.	0
This made me chuckle	3
U damn clown, she prolly felt so embarrassed and you’re just like meh	4
Thank you. I found out I can return it since they made it heavier than I ordered.	3
>[NAME] in a confusion night, Um, she kissed him.	5
FWIW I had a terrible series of experiences at CFA and would never recommend anyone with anxiety go there.	2
How are you all losing weight post-shelf crashing? I was shoveling ice cream while listening to Year Of Polygamy 😩😭😭😭🍧	5
Really? Edit: Ah yea, I saw the original one. It still reminds me of Wind Maker.	5
Not at yours obviously. Did you know last tekken champion was a bear player? The lowest tier of them all	5
Nah, you’re totally one of those MAGAmers. Your comments could’ve come straight out of the subreddit.	0
Sucks to suck	0
It just never got weird enough..	2
I thought this was a torb skin and I was about to die	2
Lol it was a joke. Meta from r/askreddit	3
Yes! He’s back LOOCH!	3
Thank you this is great, your post has helped as I was on the Mernda line about to get off at Clifton hill	3
but time is meaningless	5
Nice ovation when he first checked in and after the tribute video. Also made some noise when he hit a 3 late.	3
For us to be able to do that now, they would proably make us pay for it.	2
I’m an anarchist, I don’t know how to read	4
OK man I am relatively new so I know what worked for me and I based off of much of the advice I got, partially from this reddit lol	3
Omg deans you forgot to put your nagito relevance stamp	5
I'm seeing this everywhere, what does BEC mean?	5
I didn’t know you existed, but I’m thankful you do	3
[NAME] gets so many chances but just can’t hit the net. I don’t get it.	5
Let me guess, are you [NAME]?	5
thats messed up...thats why i dont like reddit as much	0
That's different lol.. And any positive, faint or not, is a positive!	3
That thigh gap not cute at all	1
Hooray!! Number 1! Number 1! Number 1! Number 1!	3
Fuck pancreatic cancer. Kills so many and it barely gets any funding because all the money goes to shit like 'breast cancer awareness'.	0
I'm ok with this. Man, that'd be some defensive OF.	3
That extraterrestrial little grey creatures don’t exist? That’s definitely a fact but I’m very open to any evidence/proof of the contrary lmao.	3
Wow holy shit I didn't realize Reddit has become main stream media great analogy bud	5
People will stop wanting to punch/jail these people when they stop being ignorant, selfish pricks putting newborn babies at risk.	0
In winter, it's SO difficult for me to cope when I had been thinking of getting one but don’t know what they are doing.	5
that most of the fandom does not get that reference is depressing	4
and now i went there...and got ragey and stabby LOL wtaf is wrong with people?! obviously, rhetorical question...but wtaf	3
Thank you everyone for the suggestions. I think they're great much easier than my thoughts of trying to donate money instead of the contents.	3
Thank you for your response!	3
Ireland has only ever had far right or centre right governments in charge lol	3
What would you do if y'all end up having kids, but break up later? There's no guarantee y'all will be together forever.	5
Im loving these DBS and canuck meme mixtures	3
W crazy game	3
This is so, so great.	3
[NAME] is pretty dry but he's great for down to the facts videos, I love his voice.	3
People back then just might have had a bad memory and kept forgetting about it.	5
Lmao you fart bigger to cover up the first one	3
Most traffic violations are victimless crimes and fining people for them is wrong.	0
WOW I love this photo so much! Is this recent?	3
Lmao what an end to a quarter	3
Nah halfway in the fight your shots were definitely not registering at all on him.. lol	0
I'm not talking about [RELIGION] anymore though...	0
Still a bit of redesign & this would look much better.	3
I'm sure the two young sons of [NAME] are comforted by the fact that the cops involved didn't want to kill an unarmed man.	3
Remember, we created gods in our image.	5
good lookin out bro	3
The Dillard House is literally my favorite restaurant on earth. Their ham is the most amazing thing on this planet.	3
"Now I'm imagining him responding to your dirty talk with an enthusiastic ""yummy!"""	3
Yeah I wasn't sure if he was surprised or appalled the ever good and heroic [NAME] would go to that solution	5
If packaging sound policy with Hindutva is the only field booming especially in the coming chaos we’ll be set.	3
That man has such epic face	3
Didn't u just say ur new to this? Why are you speaking?	0
I just get sad when I see people commenting on articles and videos about him that they think he's on drugs.	4
Off the top of my head I don't think he lost a game for Queensland in that time either.	0
Came here to see if i was the only one. The whole edit is one gigantic mess.	0
Now you're thinking, 'I hope that's shepherd's pie in my knickers!	3
Respect for the pedes	3
what a surprise i never saw coming	5
I find it sadly ironic that a man's job is to protect his family, yet if he's alone with his children they question their safety.	4
Whoa you are on a big brain level!!	3
I like the assignments.	3
Firstly, thanks for pointing it out, and secondly, you should have some sort of [NAME] nearby, he should do the job	3
He is way overrated.	0
No I didn’t think that, it was the way the information was presented	0
MmMm I love me some microplastics.	3
Yeesh, let her wallow then. You did the right thing in trying!	3
/* Consciousness Level */ The Other is confused The Other is dumb <-- you are here The Other is evil	5
I have pretty bad anxiety and have recently adopted two kittens. I definitely feel less anxious when I'm around them as they are such sweet animals.	3
Woah. I've been wondering when this kind of a situation would play out. I keep wondering if I'll recognize someone I know on these posts.	5
I really want pizza right now	3
Nice. How is prep going??	3
The game is riddled with error messages.	0
It’s definitely winter. My Cornish Rex is in hell right now because she loves laying in windows, but it’s cold as balls out	3
I wish I could’ve had that kind of relationship with my mother.	3
oh, you're back? have you gotten help for your paranoia yet?	5
Lol. Build your own or make some tweaks to the printer.	3
Very well put	3
I think you're mistaken, muscle memory is rather strong it would simply be a reflex	0
I just enjoy feasting off tears ....mmmmm	3
Confirmation sounds really scary and sketchy. I can not not think about cults and rituals everytime...	2
Just piss off	0
Didn’t they play a game earlier this season with both [NAME] and [NAME] out?	5
The day I die is the day I'm happy	3
Jitter mod SG12 has been a thing for awhile now, it's a wonder you're just now seeing it.	5
LOL. When she came back on after the first commercial break, there was loud beeping when she was talking.	3
omg that was full on Tequila [NAME]!!!	5
Hopefully they realize that anti-discrimination law is immoral and unconstitutional.	3
GF is false; I saw Mayor get transported and I was stabbed by an SK	2
This is as subtle as the 2nd choice is the MP telling you to go and fuck yourself.	0
Joke's on u, I already have small penis!	3
What? Can anyone fill me in I’m confused lol	5
God. Damnit. Ever since HS hockey players have been my fetish... This is almost too much...	4
This is the worst meme format in the history of meme formats, maybe ever	1
I can’t wait for him to file bankruptcy. His legendary move.	3
> this racist rant. Pretty amazing to drop the N word while trying to talk about incivility and decorum.	3
Yaaaay!!	3
Obviously. Every post here is intended to be a joke. Just not funny ones, like this post.	3
Thanks for your addition! I didn’t know any mercy players who made good content for her so I left her out. Appreciate it!	3
Ah, thought they made another FA character cannon for a minute. I'd like to see [NAME] come back (with a bit of a nerf:)	5
Nah, I’m good, just trying to help you out. Have a good one	3
It's got home made bread pudding so therefore the rest has to be good!	3
Yeah I would regularly find Steelers Fans. Dunno if that demographics been changed. Oh yeah we have a lot of Cowboy fans too.	3
That would really piss them off	3
i dunno, you commit one little genocide and you never hear the fucking end of it	0
It's fucking laurel you god damn yanny hearing fascists.	0
A true internet classic.	3
Our experience was much the same. We might go back for a 2nd chance, but doubtful. The brewery next door was great.	3
omg he could soft feint headbutt into GB thank god i wasnt around when that was possible	3
I loved shooting if we were gay and 6969. The peanut butter took a while, but was worth it	3
He's so handsome	3
Would you rather I hadn't posted this article? Don't want to talk about it?	5
*Poop hole* Oooohwee!	5
Nice I am actually going to the game! Awesome I'll get to see him represent.	3
I would be creeped out.	2
What did I ever do to you?	5
I always thought the name of that sub, like this one, was intentionally ironic.	3
Because his reconnaissance is not unique in any way. Literally everyone who saw that movie thought that was surprising.	5
Comfy girl = best girl	3
Ok bud. I guess I havent been living my entire life with asthma and have 0 idea about this.	3
Fuck this guy	0
Lmao I hope almost seems like it just vanished. If someone who likes xans finds my wallet they’re in for a good day	3
Fuck ya boys let’s go	0
Yeah I agree, it really is interesting. I guess that’s why there’s so many different medications out there lol.	3
Omg this made me hurt! You better of gotten a damn good back rub after that.	0
Can't speak for the original commenter but probably not yours since I'd rather not be tortured for eternity for disbelief.	0
The Blackweb screen protectors have saved my phone more times than I can count.	3
Let's hope that they don't miss, huh?	3
The fact that you got a kill with the auger is impressive enough...here’s an upvote	3
Get well soon good boye	3
ahhhhh no how dare i have morals of course the most important thing is that my favorite football team has a better special teams coordinator	3
The Remini series. I love it. Horrifying and karma and righteous indignation.	3
Colts fan here. [NAME] seems like a nice enough guy but, holy crap, terrible coach. Buyer beware.	0
My favourite scene in the movie.	3
So you're saying the penalty for DUI is the same as texting and driving? Because that's what I've been saying it isn't true.	0
Wow, you weren't instantly downvoted hundreds of times. The omniscum must have had a salad once and got a protein deficancy.	5
Cool. Hope they intended to clean it up but this kind human beat them to it.	3
Did you seriously miss the like 50 comments above that girls can’t play games?	5
I did not know that a map could arouse me	5
a thing, and I’ve had my share of Whistle Pig Pie. I hate me	0
Either way, it's at the very least not an ethical way to conduct business.	0
Thats pretty sweet.	3
They’re looking sharp!!	3
Wow. Imagine being this stupid. Life must be so hard for you.	5
I feel like this doesn't mean much,	5
They do, however this is a TRAFFIC unit that focus' on TRAFFIC offences. Ice dealers are more of a detective / taskforce job.	5
So $0.50 for that GIF? I think I'll pass.	3
Sex lesson for a 28 year old oh god, but I see the point you’re tryin make and I’ll try it!	3
> I doubt a typical [NAME] would be bankrupted by a $20K bill This attitude represents exactly the stereotype of [NAME] that most people have.	5
This has to be my favorite part of this article. WHAT DOES HE MEAN!?!?!	3
Wow. This I definitely needed, I'm glad I stumbled onto your comment. Helped in a major way, thanks.	3
You’ve got to do it! Just imagine all the bitter responses that you can then share with us!	3
This. You need medical attention and they'll be able to put you in touch with resources.	3
Amen to that!	3
I FFed it too and reading that comment, I am sooooooooo glad I did!	3
Yea I saw that...had me worried for a sec but I had no trouble at Delta	2
Write down the problems and how you feel when and after you have them. Then take that to therapy and actually get vulnerable with your therapist.	3
> Best ~~3pt~~ shooter fucking ever. FTFY	0
You’re number 1 now.	3
I don't think you should ever be forced to do any work, so obviously not.	0
I like that, will be looking forward to seeing it when I go there. Sure, it's stereotypical. Who cares?	3
It still cracks me up when people call me [NAME].	3
Not possible? Not that I’ve heard of at least.	5
This is accurate. Source: MA resident who works in CT. (WHY DON'T YOU HAVE REFLECTIVE ROAD MARKERS?!)	3
How much time you got? I enjoy *The Spirit of Redemption* but it's a bit long.	3
What's her name? I'm wondering if since it's being posted now years later Reddit might do it's thing and solve some crimes.	5
Oh... welp. 😑	4
Oh [NAME]... now you’re stealing my lines.	5
You have been banned from the mickey mouse clubhouse for inappropriate behavior	4
He looks proud of his work, leave him be.	3
Happy birthday, [NAME]! Hope you have a wonderful day!	3
this literally made me sick to my stomach	4
Auch, that's gotta hurt...	4
It's crazy, the first day with icy, snowy roads it's scary but within a few days, grip and visibility sound like fantasy	2
"""It's not true!!! But I DETEST [NAME]!! Reddit help meeee!!!"""	0
She's actually not dead at all. Even now shes still a good hero.	3
No no no. They only have no worth if they don’t support [RELIGION].	0
"Yes, we'll see! On a separate note, when I read your user name at first glance I thought it was ""ItGetsThroughBoner""."	3
Does it contain like 5 members like the real one? lol.	3
Now that is an original Idea!!!	3
There are two other choices as well, each of them slightly better than the two terrible choices.	3
That's adorable!	3
I think the [NAME] biscuit joke takes the cake	3
Thank you! [NAME] is drafting off this documentary.	3
You're not [NAME] about your joke, good pun there mate	0
Like the poor redhead in True Blood that got vampired as a virgin, but worse.	1
Good luck mate!	3
Boring way to get it and unfair with the rest of the pkayers	0
thank you so much <3	3
Incorrect. To cure cancer you need to have a citrus and mint essential oils. Lavender is to calm yourself and help you sleep. /s	0
I know to you Professor, break time is nothing. But to me, it's serious.	0
I hope you enjoy it!	3
The biggest Nightmare	2
My liver CRIES watching these kids. Weeps into a warm cup of steamed milk.	4
[NAME] is my least favorite out of all of [NAME] love interest (In all live action movies) Bite me.	0
Now let's sit down, relax, and have a nice cool glass of turnip juice.	3
> Why create more jobs when no one is available to even take them? We could always import more people to fill those jobs.. :)	5
The human species is more intelligent and sentient than any other animal species that's why.	3
OH SUCK ME SIDEWAYS	0
and this is why I, having been baptized [RELIGION], choose to be cremated after I die because I am sacred and can, finally, no longer be used	5
What? I though unicorns farted candy floss?!	5
She'll probably never be seen again, I fear. Thanks for reminding me of her name.	3
Man, fuck that shit. He lost us the Sonics, he has no business running for public office.	0
Yup, it's from the latest episode. Thanks! :[NAME]!	3
This post is not going to age well.	4
“[NAME], have we got an offer for you!”	3
And wr is not what I want us to focus on anyways. We got plenty of other needs	0
You are so stunning! A very classic beauty.	3
Oof, yeah sorry my dude, it came across as pro-wall to me. Probably what happened with others as well.	4
I'm honestly shocked that the Bucks have more subs than us. I was surprised the Wolves had more too.	5
Happy Cake Day you barefoot bitch!	3
Thank you good sir! I didn’t know this was a thing!	3
Indeed yet I still gotta watch my dependency & tolerance. I stay disciplined and just keep moving forward.	3
Bingo - using market cap as your yardstick is as stupid as using GDP as a yardstick. One metric is never enough to capture a picture.	0
That sucks, I hope you find the finances to be able to go back to it someday.	3
Did she even pass the formidable Blechdel Test?	5
Quite the blasé article.	0
Cool. I'll have to keep that banter in mind for the next time it happens. Thank you for the response, I really appreciate it	3
You are amazing. You really and truly are. I'm so proud of you. Hugs.	3
Ew, this comment needs to die. Adultery is the most cowardly option you could ever pick.	0
The Imperial is the best gay bar in Sydney. PERIOD.	3
I hate [NAME] omg I just do	0
And file a report if she doesnt cancel it when i confront her. Thanks for the advice though it’s well appreciated	3
Me too! And he was so happy to get that out of her back, he seems like he really cares.	3
Good luck, I hope you find it really easy! I did, and I’ve never looked back :)	3
The other ending in the therapists office was the best in my opinion. Very White Bear-ish	3
I’ll defer to your experience then.	3
Too many scammers and time wasters anyways!	0
All of season 6 is terrible	2
Ohhh this sounds interesting! What pod?	5
Omg where did you get this?	5
"Classic lab. ""Man that was really tough, but can we go play now?"""	5
Not what this sub is for and this doesn't make you look like a good person but ok	0
It sounds like you project a lot of anger...maybe letting things go, relaxing and slowing down is your solution.	3
Well said. Glad to see that there are still open minded people left in this sub.	3
What an interesting thread you referenced in your response!	3
They're taking one for the team, those brave creatures!	3
Wow great video. I love her.	3
Expect a bunch of bugs as a reward.	3
[NAME] voice acting in this is just brilliant.	3
which grind gives you the right to cheat on your girlfriend ? lmao	5
Oh thank you for the name, is there any way to get rid of them?	3
I'm ashamed it took me a while to get it	4
So you're a liar.	0
You are ok.	3
i like turtles	3
How can you be so stupid... it’s called climate change, there is so much research on it. It’s just blindly denying science..	0
Lmfao. Omg I’m dead. Please do more of these somehow	3
It's just nonsense. Any truly responsible gun owner respects life more than being tough.	0
Haha... nice	3
Is it too late?	5
worst case of life is unfortunately apt here, eh?	5
Yeah, they have uniforms and everything. It’s really great.	3
That’s a cool steering wheel cover	3
Well, don't kill spiders. That's what you get. Be nice and take them outside. It's not that hard.	3
This team was nowhere near legendary, filled with legends sure, but incredibly disappointing.	4
Like a three dollar forty bag of fresh hiphop?	5
I just discovered her today and I love her music	3
I like [NAME] and would like to see him back, but he still makes me nervous at a high price too.	2
I strongly agree	3
This is awesome!	3
Huh? Mutts are usually healthier than pure-breds. It's the pure-bred dogs that have weird genetic issues.	1
I'll try. Thank you.	3
sad that the Euphoric tipbot is no more	4
im not happy with tonight either but no need to make a bad situation worse by just bitching about everything and anything.	4
Fitter faster stronger better	3
Yeah I agree people on reddit are so extra it's annoying	0
Damnnnn nice feed bro. That choke throw to the spin attack was on point.	3
What the fuck [NAME]! Are you easy to talk to? 29 years and you didn't see it coming?	1
Ur mom causes a 2.6 just getting out of bed in the morning amirite?	5
I loved my LCR. It made me feel like a police chief from the future.	3
Damn, for real? I'm 250 and drink regularly, if I pound two beers in under a minute I'm good for a little while.	5
Shabbat Shalom! Thank you for sharing, I really like your videos, keep up the good work!	3
Huge shout out to [NAME], wherever he might be, for always fighting the good fight!!!!	3
Natural or not monopolies aren't good.	0
I mean New Orleans is really fun even with little to no drinking. I wouldn't want to live anywhere else.	3
I have that one! I like it a lot. Despite the name 😂	3
Wish he'd upload more 😪	3
Giving gold is like a thank you irl, just go out and start thanking people OP.	3
Really? I thought this joke was a bit plane	5
Seeing him RT rev gave me some hope which hurts worse	4
I love democracy.	3
I hope your struggle is worth it. Stay strong.	3
It's not internalized homophobia, it's literally just an annoying voice.	0
FUCK, THANKS!	3
Naah, [NAME] fans got depressed when [NAME] didn't die	4
It's like Guatemala, but instead of the US it's Mexico... disgusting	1
What is with the pet worship? Should be more worried about your elderly relatives.	2
I can't post on r/dankmemes :(	0
No, just a bastard pastry	0
I love this story. So much.	3
I don't think they really learn so much as they relax and get more comfortable.	0
That's one of the reasons why I'm wary 😂	5
It was always kind of a consideration when I did have opening and closing blinds. None of them problems anymore.	3
OP, this is the definition of manipulation. Ignore it, I promise it’ll be better for you in the long run.	3
OHHHHH! THAT ONE! Oh, *[NAME]*...	5
I love taking my girlfriend to Victorias Secret, we shop together, and the whole experience is a kind of foreplay. I highly suggest that route.	3
Is she worse than [NAME] though?	5
I actually got one of those, really fucking good tbh	3
I've long completed everything I can and spent all my fight money. No Kage for me	3
"""And then I apologized and expressed remorse over the situation"" "	4
I have started my 30 day vacation and I plan on relaxing the whole 30. Please do not make plans for me. Discuss them first with me.	3
Oh, I know. I just don’t think that will go over so well. Lol	3
He doesn't really fit, he is more of a mid range shooter. Plus we already have to many players at power forward who are better.	0
Don’t make fun of the cancer kid	0
Funny how artificial famines are genocide when the Brits do it, but not when it's the Soviets.	0
A lot of times the only thing holding any of us back is ourselves. It's not too late to start writing either.	5
Wish the blasters were more like BF1	3
No, he said he's bringing in somewhere around 10K a month, not 2500 a month. That's a HUGE income gap.	0
You'll win in the long run by not shutting up.	3
Assuming it is manufacturer defect, sure. A lot of times, it comes down to the owner not properly caring for their gun.	3
Fool you twice, shame on you	0
Not cool Op...not cool...	4
It's great you have a friend with the same struggles as long as you both encourage each other to do better. It can be very comforting.	3
You'll feel better about yourself if you don't act like an asshole to people who care about you.	0
Going through the same thing and I feel the same way. Sadness. I hope it'll pass!	4
That got rid of an unwanted boner real quick	3
You only saw one piece of luggage. I’m not a fan of overly criticizing the things we don’t see.	0
It serves as quite a lesson to anyone, don't you think?	3
Not true for a lot of people but [NAME]	3
Poor horse, must have hurt a lot.	4
Thanks for reminding me to never live in NYC	3
you have [NAME], you'll live.	3
Omg this is repulsive	1
They talked about choosing either stance tho and I thought I read menu which makes me think of morrigan ult	5
Thank you! I was wondering what to do tomorrow morning. Now I have something to go to.	3
I love this. BFFs don’t get enough love on these subs, but they make everything better. :)	3
proper fucking order	0
$2M AAV, love this deal	3
[NAME] has always favoured [NAME] so I'd assume this means he's the next up, I just prefer [NAME] and find [NAME] a little overrated.	0
Incredible work and very unique, good for you	3
Please, it'd be to stop time wasting doomed repeat VoNCs.	0
Eyebrow zits are the worst. I'd rather have a lip pimple than an eyebrow pimple. Also part of the fanclub for your eyes.	0
this makes liberals look like spoiled house cats, it's embarrassing honestly.	4
I would feel similarly, but I would be more gleeful and less guilty.	4
Clouds aren’t pale they’re translucent but ok 👌🏽	0
I‘m sorry this guy is harassing you, check his history, he‘s trolling.	4
This aged poorly	4
Meh, whenever I travel with someone who can't walk fast, I just wait for the next train.	0
Thank you!! I’m at home recovering from surgery and on some meds, so I wasn’t sure if I imagined it.	3
Bahaha I love that	3
this is not bad	0
Man, I can't remember if this started on r/NBA or r/MMA	0
BREAKING NEWS, local bartender found chained up in drunks basement!	4
I agree. Verbatim.	3
Thank [NAME] I don't have any friends	3
Dude, whenever I'm bored I either masturbate play games or browse reddit. Not sure how anyone can be bored with such fantastic opportunities.	5
Even if I close the app, mine still pings.. It's maddening	0
I have cried in hotel rooms before thinking about the loss from discovering it is a lie. It's tragic and wonderful at the same time.	4
Hahaha ;)	3
Thanks for the warning 😉	3
I like the sound of that, shes definitely a bitch what does chutzpah mean?	5
I asked for trick candles. Thank you for the gift! What a lovely day this turned out to be!	3
What happened to your previous account?	5
Don't forget about foden, I love [NAME], I even bought his shirt at the start of this season, but foden has an even greater ceiling	3
I had a nightmare about something similar, the combination of high walls and water is truly scary	2
Just curious is this church a “ministry” with multiple branches worldwide with a “general overseer”? This sounds all too familiar.	5
That hug at the end was like a you’re too precious and innocent for this world”	3
I am almost there... I am daddy cute now.. almost silver fox.	3
I need like a drawn out visual or something	3
What happens when a Jedi gets PTSD? Play this game to find out. Hint: ITS FUCKIN BAD NEWS SON	4
So, bloody stop feeding cattle, nothing even compares to the resource consumption (waste) of the animal industry.	0
This is the noise I make in my girlfriend’s ear while y’all are still scared to moan	2
Y so serious	0
Yeah you have great solidarity with evil reigimes.	3
The argument [NAME] is making is that expecting women to cook is considered sexist but expecting men to shovel snow is fine. It's about the double standard.	0
He looks like a Loony Toons character	3
2 is washed out, 6 and 10 are too dark. Also imgur showed me a bald naked chimpanzee right after your last picture and I nearly choked.	1
[NAME]* I'm not mad, just dissapointed.	4
They've done it before with private law and private militias, dumbass.	0
That guy is gonna regret losing you the rest of his life. You know why i know this? Because i am him 30 years ago.	4
Majority of [NAME] support Dem investigations of a foreign agent? I’m so proud!	3
It's probably more like when the only tool you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail. I'm so sick of this paranoia.	4
Oh my [NAME]. The hand mixer instead of forks. Shredding poultry is like my least favorite thing on Earth	5
this aint it chief	0
Thanks, didn't catch that one!	3
Thank you.	3
Haaaaay it’s the NAGR Guy!!!!!	3
I can’t believe this blatant police brutality	5
Do you even watch Steelers football?	5
He's great in Silicon Valley too!	3
You got a problem with Canada gooses taking Canada deuces	0
No problem, hope things get better for you guys soon!	3
The state of Washington is not in charge of the draft.	0
Just go to a doctor/dispensary or call them on the phone.	3
I hope you both enjoy it!	3
Looks very realistic to me. Ever been to Copenhagen? They did it despite a population density higher than San Francisco's.	3
god i love [NAME]	3
Honestly, no. But even vague references would do more to help decide if it's a fresh take on something.	0
Possible Spoiler What about the [NAME] animation?	5
This makes me wonder if they fixed [NAME] having a very noticeable gap between her body and legs with her new shorts.	5
Aww how can you hate the little darling, it's so cute	3
That game was great. THOT, be gone...	3
"Yeah he was going like ""YOOOO"" and his boy was like yo chill man tf this aint no club keep yo voice down lmao"	3
🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀I’m bad at this game🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀	4
Yeah, the robber in my comment was also 'emotionally attached' is what I meant. I don't get what your comment means lol.	3
I don't think it's that simple. There was a lot riding on making 7 and taking too many risks probably isn't the best answer.	0
That's just sad if it's for a game	4
Goodbye cruel world.	4
This really shows how young and ignorant most of them are.	0
You're a big man	3
Oh yeah lots of elitists who think they’re a damn gemologist but know nothing 😂	0
Back in the days when you didn't have to spend almost $10 return for a simple train journey. Thanks, IPART.	3
And why didn’t Connecticut improve as well?	5
I think you need a better partner. Continuing to go after you said you want to stop is kind of abusive.	3
Why would [NAME] retire when he still has 5 horcruxes left?	5
Try the Gourds passed gin and juice. They’re awesome also the [NAME] are great	3
I hope [NAME] has something cooking. I wanted [NAME] back	3
Thanks to the way our society has perverted it	3
Hmmm I dont think I listen to only [NAME] if I last checked. These arent INTP playlists they're just playlists I like as an INTP	0
I hope an elk will gore anyone whose still using [NAME] jokes in 2019	3
Friend of the younger sister of girl who was killed. She told me it was a bad acid trip. Very sad, family is holding a vigil tomorrow night.	4
Correct but Reddit won't admit that as the reason.	3
That’s the face of trying your best not to smile at a bad pun.	3
What ocean are you on? Around these parts they are kind of barren.	5
Thank you very much! I will get some courage and do this.	3
Why does the feminization of a title belittle the role? I truly don't get it.	5
I miss when prequel memes was ironic	4
This is why, when I do it, I'm gonna do it as quick and brutally as possible. This is inhumane.	3
[NAME] just saw ur cosplays, you prove that attractive people dont go on inceltears. Thanks for the chuckle my insecure friend	3
"The 5 days got an audible ""[NAME]"" out of me. That's terrifying. "	2
An accurate but depressing assessment of our political system.	4
I really love this title.	3
y'know, I should try that haha... (music gets depressing) ha	3
Are you special? The game came out long after the school year began.	5
[NAME], let's celebrate together, y'all will be the king of New York. Praise Marks.	3
There are no helpful ideas like the one you're looking for. There is only one idea... Tell your parents and get authorities involved.	0
Unfortunately this is just as illegal as impeding traffic all over the city.	4
Waze is owned by google, so I'm not sure what you mean by that. Unless you just mean they are both sharing the same routing algorithm.	5
I bought them for her. Hahah she’s a sneaker head	3
Excuse me I am a very important person and I now think you're gay.	3
>ultra-conservatives Um excuse me, I'm actually a Plus Ultra Conservative, thanks!	3
Thank you!!!	3
[NAME] literally won the game of baseball that night. Like, go home, we're done, he just won baseball forever.	3
Yes and quite alot of reasons building up. Me, people, past. I hope you will be ok.	3
I figured it would be “the joke is always real in the comments.”	3
[NAME] feel bad for ye no one can take a joke	0
YOU WIN!	3
Really? Hey mods, I have this pain in my lower back just about _here_.	2
Not look much beautiful.	4
"""Seeeee! We have one of them coloureds too!"""	3
I love lighthouses	3
Good dog.	3
Oh my [NAME] I saw the rocks below the dog and feared the worst!	2
Looks like it. I didn't make it, I just found it.	5
You die.	0
he's an awesome bro	3
Good luck in the future man. We're not getting anywhere here. Have a great weekend!	3
Me too. For some reason, even the people that I know that love reading don't read Murakami. I love that lil Japanese man.	3
Then he is still able to achieve salvation in [NAME] grace. I will pray for him, and for all your lost souls. [NAME] bless.	3
I have. Here, its implying he wants to fuck the dog. The original the dog is just scared of him.	2
Oh so it is a separate guy filming, it’s actually impressive how synced up their speeds are	3
He was having a nice stroll through the park then BAM a wedding blindsided him	0
What a beautiful moment	3
The local council is gonna have fun removing all those dodgy fillings.	3
“The game is trash but I want it.” Great logic.	0
I was the following season, would have loved to see this game and the Boro final!	3
[NAME] was pretty good too. Cuah was the best 10 tho	3
imagine if this was a league youtuber. HOW TO GET FROM IRON 4 TO PLAT 1 INSTANTLY, ABUSE THIS BEFORE IT GETS FIXED!!!	0
So you'll bleed and be in pain twice that day.	4
I am so very sorry that you are dealing with all of this	4
It’s the world record egg!	3
To be fair, are those things really mutually exclusive (as far as this show is concerned)?	5
Infacy gosples?	5
Did you just assume my networth? Fucking pleb, I'll have you in the salt mines shining boots.	0
You should have asked her out. It would have made her feel better after that and you might have scored a date.	3
I love this, if I ever get the chance to travel to California I am hitting these spots!	3
[NAME] was the best, sweetest, most deep-feeling man to ever be on the show. I will fight anyone who says otherwise.	3
Am i the only one wondering about the white scrolly bar at the top of this post that has the intro to the story?	5
Someone please send me the full episode I need to see the rest :(	3
That’s crazy! I’ve watched every season 6 times now and I’m just realizing that they are in an office!	5
> [NAME] HAHAHAHSHSHAJSHA	3
Avoid. Without a contract he can kick you out at short notice any time And when you pay a deposit make sure it's protected.	3
Somewhere to buy a hella warm winter coat? #polarvortex	5
Let me just say that your posts over the past twelve days have brought me so much joy	3
Short and simple... More embarrassing being a janitor or being in the unemployment line?	4
What makes it a non sequitur? The point is, just because someone is in the DSA doesn't mean they are a *democratic* socialist	0
Agreed. The only sensible option is to throw half a fit when people disagree with you!	3
I wish [NAME] son was older so it be possible he did this.	3
It isn't called the immortal science for no reason ey	0
[NAME] is playing with the confidence, aggression, and awareness that I wish [NAME] and [NAME] would develop.	3
happened to me last week too with mango, the pods were half empty and wet. handling them made my finger tips hurt after a while	0
Lol at the self-own of thinking “literally” is a “big word”, with a cherry of being too stupid to understand the context on top.	3
Buying Bitcoin at it's peak is the equivalent of people buy Fyre festival tickets. I'm glad I did neither	3
Maybe a parsing or comprehension issue, but are you sitting in the water after you pee in it?	5
Wow, guess my penis is small after all..	5
I spent like 6 hours overnight browsing the top posts here when I decided to check it out I hate how much I can relate	0
Only a dozen times? That’s nothing. You can do that in one evening. You’re giving up before you even tried!	3
$11 an hour doesn't leave a lot of room to be a hero.	0
You have clear issues, get help.	3
Thank you for being open to self reflection and for sharing this.	3
This guy sports entertains.	3
bet he loves to slow dance	3
That's the best part, I can't even imagine to live forever with my shitty body	4
Hold on to your butts!	3
This is so powerful.	3
I think it is worth documenting this sort of stuff, as a reminder. They'd do this to your kids too. In a heartbeat.	3
[NAME] FINALLY fournier, [NAME]	3
It’s time to stop lad, it’s getting a little embarrassing now...	4
Shock collars are horrible. They poor pup. 😫	2
Except the federal workers won’t be facing an income reduction, only a delayed payment. I wonder if that restricts them from accessing the program.	5
Cut rent control, then increase own housing allowance. Because fuck everybody else, am I right?	0
Yeah, that lamp was pretty tall and slender. But I don't think there were any lights on upstairs.	3
Is that why I didn't like the show? Am I too happy?	5
Wtf is it 2015 again?	5
I was pregnant!	5
He's just logged off and I can't wait for you to see the final number.	5
Fuck, my wife and I spent less than a *fifth* of that. Wow.	0
[NAME] is insane! Better knuckle skills than any rider ever. I sure hope he has a speedy recovery from his crushed kneecap!	3
We're playing great!	3
Horrible night for dodo	2
Wow, you must've never been on /pol/ or like dozens of anti [NAME] subreddits.	5
😢 Happy Birthday [NAME]! She had an amazing role model growing up!	3
Maybe I’m an outlier, but I don’t find that contract to be outrageous for what the player is worth.	0
My dad had the same problem in the same fingers thanks Op .I'll share this with my dad.	3
Because it's a rejection of oneself, rather than acceptance. It's an expression of insecurity. It's not healthy.	0
Fourth guy had nice hair though tbh	3
Well keep planting more!!!	3
Yeah, it’s interesting how I’ve had conversations on the overground but not the underground.	3
She is so brave 😥😭	3
If you were still here you probably heard mine! He’s a coonhound and likes to sing	3
Damn it. You beat me to pointing it out. XD	0
Omg! An attentive parent actually teaching their children to safely handle guns! The horror!	5
Incredible how you can... SEE RIGHT THROUGH ME!!!	3
[NAME] good one i like that	3
"I live in australia and even aussies say ""cook the man some eggs"" as a joke to kiwis"	3
Lol this never gets old	3
Congratulations on your appointment to such a prominent position! I was a huge fan of Utah when I went, the canyons are sick. GO KNIGHTS GO	3
I'm supposed to be going to see [NAME] at the cinema tonight. Truely resenting this decision, want to watch [NAME] so bad	3
If you love the mountains, you should really check it out. The valley can get pretty smoggish in the winter, but usually it's beautiful.	3
Yes that's correct, without TWDG no story based game would exist , but i still like LiS	3
Why is this here?	5
> I can't see a teenage girl naming her only son the same name that her baby daddy's actual wife's trueborn son is. /r/brandnewsentence	0
I just walked past y'all! Wish I had seen this thread earlier.	3
If it's a real challenge for you, u can help you with a ban. Then it's trivial	3
Same business model as playboy — people bought the magazine for the sexy ladies but the writing was excellent.	3
I bet you’re really fun at parties.	3
Im glad your out too! Im glad you found joy in camping =)	3
THANK YOU!	3
Nowadays I get nervous watching Steelers defense. Back then, I couldn't wait to see what they'd do next.	2
Well, we did win the only Ghosts tournament we played together. I think 7/8 with the 1 being a 2nd has to at least be considered.	3
Just sitting in the fast lane fishing for tickets. Ugh.	0
"> ""NOPE!"" Had a good laugh out of that"	3
What's good kid? Sorry for the racism.	4
sorry mr brolobo	4
It's so satisfying. It's the little things that makes pubg the best!	3
I wanted to know if there’s was another like meaning to the whole selfie thing not if she liked me or not	5
"Watch ""Garfunkel and Oates - The Loophole"" if you haven't already"	3
Stop laughing at me.	0
Oops. My bad	4
One my favorite seasons to rewatch. All the glorious fights. [NAME] is forever a queen	3
You sound like a douche.	3
They were pretty cool in, like, 2010, but then everyone seemed to realize that you could write on the wipeboard with the same effect.	5
Plymouth: Confederate flags Diesel pick up trucks Dead factories Heart disease and disappointment	4
"Innovation means ""I pridefully made this"" in China."	3
Last nights euro run had over a foot for most of the area lol. Its probably overdone but still crazy	3
He was such a pet!! Beautiful looking dog	3
Sitting here, waiting for the price to drop so i can buy more. I guess it's not gonna happen.	4
Couldn’t agree more with you. Thanks for this post!	3
I agree but if we fell behind we lost the game without any chance. But let us be grateful that we have a Toplaner that is really godlike xd	3
Yup, thanks, I've got someone coming this week - good idea	3
This isn't about football, [NAME] is a horrible dude.	0
it's a good thing they had a screen protector on it	3
Also not true. Germany had pervasive antisemetism long before [NAME]. Ignoring that error your argument is horrible and you should be ashamed.	4
Jobby is a new one for me, is that another way of saying taking a crap?	5
lol, suit yourself.	3
I don't have a problem with this if their hands are clean.	3
Thank you so much, kind stranger. I really need that	3
You’re a vet; you at least WERE poor lol. I’m a vet too dude I know the struggle.	3
Whaaat. I liked Season 8 [NAME]. I wish the whole love arc between him and [NAME] had never been a thing, but I liked [NAME].	3
I'm sorry, no. The hostess was 15. I was 24. At the steakhouse, only hostess girls answered phones.	4
It sounds like you’re the one who is afraid of the internet. Relax, bud. You’re on r/cringe	2
I went to the theaters by myself just to go see it lol. I rewatched it last night too. If anybody needs a link, PM me!	3
The point is no 13yr old is perfect and shit happens that doesn't mean they were scumbags that deserved to die for making the wrong choice.	4
Cool. Thanks for the tips!	3
I am not saying that I think many of the latest disputes my husband and i have had ours for a little while longer.	0
If you’re downloading from windows I believe so	3
You've been muted. Usually awarded for extreme toxicity, don't worry though its temporary.	3
I am just saying that it makes no sense in Russian	0
And? Did i say they didnt? Read the whole thread you bimbo	0
"r/mildlyinteresting's stupid ""guys look at this thing I made aren't I cool??"" posts are the absolute worst"	1
will watch the films, thanks for the recommendation	3
Thank you very much for the advice I didn't really have anywhere else to turn	3
It's great.	3
That ice is dangerously thin for such a hot take.	2
[NAME] loves it	3
Thanks! I didn't understand til now	3
4! The sweetest year.	3
[NAME] has been really good this game and I thought he was good against the coyotes as well.	3
Pretty sure it was a joke bud	3
did you just use a gendered term I don't know. It just looks cute to me.	3
[NAME] looks too creepy,but it's a very nice drawing.	2
If you ever need to talk to some one and just vent to just DM me.	3
Fuck Liberty Counsel. They are a hate group.	0
Aww that was endearing [NAME].	3
Pretty sure [NAME] graduated, and I would assume the [NAME] thing has to be related to the injury...	3
I love gold !!	3
I love this movie! One of my favorite little touches is the music [NAME] character is listening to	3
so, when and how do we pull a lando and turn on vader?	5
Your life must be miserable. That's sad somehow	4
"[NAME], I thought we warned you about trying to collect ""data"" from this place."	0
Minor league team names are often embarrassing...Biscuits, Rumble Ponies, Sand Gnats. Baby Cakes is particularly awful though, I’ll grant you that.	1
Would you give your used underwear to your best friend/romantic interest? >!I know I have.!<	5
"Gotta love the ""its a metaphor"" guy, who has apparently never read any other comments by [NAME]"	3
Stuff like this is why I subscribed in the first place.	3
I didn’t realize people cared so much about phones.	5
no worries! expense double date ;p I hope you have a nice time!	3
Makes me very happy indeed.	3
Enjoy a weekend of eating ice cream 100% guilt free. (That's standard practice for wisdom teeth still, right?)	3
I think this divorce is planned so that people will stop pointing fingers at the insane rich person robbing the wealth of the people.	3
Yeah it kinda sucks, that much is for sure, I'm just wondering if anyone knows why or has the same problem	5
Thanks for comin' out.	3
Nice work as always dish.	3
“and THAT’S how you kiss!”	3
And NO DOGS sign. This is perfect.	3
Thank you. We're as messed up and fallible as any other set of parents, but we're trying to learn from our mistakes.	3
[NAME] will probably get something as worse as [NAME] in ep4	0
This is so sad. [NAME], play 'bitch lasagna'	4
You deserve the same love. Those things are still true with you. You deserve love too.	3
Sure, but he still died again a couple of years (decades?) later. So the copyright is still up.	3
Yeah I live in Philadelphia. I also get told I look 14 constantly so I haven’t bothered trying to even get in hah	3
Oh [NAME] I needed that laugh	3
I would love to hear [NAME] and [NAME] in Podcast	3
Best game I've watched from Barcelona since the other 6-1 two years ago!	3
**WAIT THAT WAS A REAL STORY!?!?!? WHAT THE FUCK**	5
I like the new colors significantly better. Old ones might have been some of the worst in OWL.	1
True, but I meant he has no holiday themed skin from any of those events and all his skins (volsksya included) are pretty bland sadly...	4
Oh I (and he) did not realize that. I’ll correct him the next time I see him.	5
I like [NAME].	3
A lack of the romantic partner is the stressful situation in my life.	4
I've played around pretty extensively with this mod in [NAME] mode with friends. I'd recommend it.	3
It would be funny if that guy got hit with a car at the end tho.	3
Okay, thanks for the clarification!	3
That's why I added the edit	5
Yup. That doesn't contradict what I said- this isn't a derailing conversation that I was starting.	0
Their sounds of silence cover is very good	3
Also the people there would love our scarlet and gold colors (I'm Chinese).	3
Go on a group vacation!! Or a concert weekend that’d be fun!	3
They live was a great film.	3
This was posted, word for word, on r/CrazyIdeas not too long ago. It's a joke	3
Lmao That’s a blatant lie, ~1000 people were killed by American cops last year compared to 52 cops killed by civilians	3
I don't disagree with anything there.	0
More like the choir isn't here, it's on Instagram	3
Love the Ana's that peek snipe and get wrecked by [NAME], [NAME] or [NAME]. Good times.	3
I’ve done pajamas before but I think sweatpants would be way too thick	3
[NAME] did a YT vid and now everyone trying to be like him. Sad!	4
Have a good night, mate!	3
I would really Like to know about the ride back	5
Thanks dude. Shit happens!	3
But how late is too late?	5
This is the proper timing	3
Just a pretty parrot. He pops over to say g'day to a mate of mine most sunny arvo's.	3
Will come back rich and driving his goddamn Bentley	3
I'm very motivated to make things as easy/optimized as possible so that I can be as lazy as possible.	3
Excelerate are looking really good yo. They've outslayed every map, are executing perfect plays. Fun, playing to their full potential.	3
So Green Bay doesn't get him... I'd be sad for the kid.	4
HHahah. Right? I’m scared	2
Looking for 3 tix for the Leafs on the 10th. Upper or lower. Thanks!	3
It's already the 2nd here, but happy new years! 🎉	3
Wow. I dig that.	3
Yup, it was a complete waste of time.	0
I'll try. Thank you	3
Thank you kindly :)	3
Idk about that, but if you were being genuine I apologize. I just don't think that is the case in this situation.	4
This is so true.	3
This. One of my biggest pet peeves. What the hell does it even mean?	0
What in the fuck was [NAME] doing there	0
The Nexus 6 is my favourite phone even though its a few years old but no one knows Moto or Nexus phones so.....	3
[NAME] investigation has already paid for itself thanks to Manafort. Try harder.	3
Ooooooo that burns!!! 🔥🔥 🤣 This is amazing.	3
Not gonna bother reading that you're not gonna change my mind lol	3
Is this [NAME]?	5
Lol I even got called transphobic. Love to not be allowed to dislike Mother.	3
This joke hasn't really worked since the 11th Century. Even then it wasn't that funny.	0
Girlfriend is straight off of Shop Hush social app and onto reddit. Someone tell her, its slightly embarrassing.	4
This is like the third repost of this. But yes, very sad indeed.	4
Nah, they're a fraction as immature and petulant as the politician we can't ignore that actually affects our lives.	0
Wait, I'm confused now. A brain can only handle so much.	5
Takes a lot less effort to just say “fuck off, buy your own.”	3
> That shit happens all the time with cabs. No. It does not	0
I feel like I'm watching a scene in an action movie but with penguins	5
I was hoping this day would	3
Question for [NAME] the incentive to work hard?	5
Oh you got me. Good one.	3
The soviet union was state capitalist? So was china?? Is this deluded meme still alive wtf?! Lol grow up you helplessly indoctrinated idiots	3
That's certainly one part of the puzzle, though arguably they are non-noahide as they historically advocated for incest marriage, but maybe it is different now.	5
Lol, I love you you drunk bastard!! Now CHUG!!	3
Wouldn't that be the western sky? Also very beautiful pic, OP.	3
It's just a sexy hamburgler cosplay	3
I drove through there dropping off an uber passenger and I was really amazed by how beautiful it is.	3
Lots of hugs, kiddo ! They ***are*** heifers !	3
This is great news. Congratulations!	3
Doesn't like hearing the truth	0
What’s wrong with [NAME] lmao	3
Omgggg i’m dying at Stassi. She looks like she was going for a jersey shore look. Shes still gorgeous though	3
I love the book - much better than the movie imo!	3
One of the podcasts I listen to, pump talks, bought one from [NAME] for a girls birthday and apparently it was very sweet!	3
So insightful!	3
Hey, 3/4 of BB20 was amazing.	3
Wait, wut? I thought there was some sort of (2) term pledge from	5
Yelling that to them seems correct. Did they respond?	5
He said this awhile ago. His splits away from coors scares me.	2
I know this was a common thing, but never knew that were so many creative names for it until I read this thread.	5
Kids disturb more and are MORE ANNOYING.	0
Very weird game but will definitely take the W	3
His character was created to be a love interest and it's literally the only thing they know how to use him for.	3
A hatred for loot boxes and a desire to get them banned was quite popular on Reddit.	0
The lil dance he does after is amazing too	3
glad to hulp	3
Silver is actually not bad in terms of people playing good comps... its when you get to low gold and high gold that keep me liking silver lmao.	3
is it big market privilege? Cause the braves got fucked for similar crimes.	5
Ah, I see. Thanks for the clarification.	3
lol [NAME] would definitely do this if [NAME] was that dumb to take this offer.	3
Ain’t that the truth. August is Hell!!	5
Looks like a cool location.	3
I think it's normal and fine and would second the suggestion to have her check into a weighted blanket.	3
Same here. And I really dislike strangers and groups, so groups of strangers are a next-level nightmare.	0
So prison isn't enough? You want him raped? That's disgusting.	1
Interesting, hopefully somebody might be able to provide you an answer.	3
Thanks for your input, I should have clarified the pop part of pop psych.	3
Folks, the Baconator is great! Ask anyone, it's the best sandwich. The bacon is amazing. Great sandwich.	3
Yes. He’s a much better option than [NAME]	3
. beautiful you have a way with words here	3
Gotta love Alabama School Fundraisers. You know that dad paid big bucks with how excited he is	3
Everyone hates guys that talk shit and can't back it up, don't start shit when you suck.	0
Shut up [NAME]	0
"if it's ""unavailable"" it's deffo not from the cold lol :D"	3
What does the buzz feel like?	5
Yum, I love a little pigeon mixed with my grain.	3
Am I the only one who really wants to know exactly what shit went down between them??	5
Can’t believe we’re letting [NAME] go. So much energy since he’s come on.	5
Large weight fluctuations + a baby have caused my body to look cute in clothes -- Not so cute without them.	4
How incredibly dangerous	2
Right. Because [NAME] was a circumcized [NAME] who died for our sins.	3
Dude, you look fine bro. Even at 26 and still in school. You’re fine bro.	3
Yea it’s custom, me and a friend of mine were messing around seeing what we could sit on...	5
Ace ventura is a fantastic film outside the extreme transphobia	3
Is “the end of the sky” a phrase I’ve not heard of? Or is there some other wordplay I don’t get?	5
OF COURSE IT WON FUCKIN PRETENTIOUS ASS FUCKING SLOW POINTLESS MOVIE OH BLACK AND WHITE WOWWWW	0
What a beautiful response!	3
Good for you!	3
If [NAME] inferior pinning move can pierce hyper armour why can't my man Glad.	5
Fuck man I didn’t plan on crying in my cube today	0
Let people worship if they want to. It’s time for us to move forward and focus on bettering our own lives	3
Thanks, this means a lot! I will do don't worry :)	3
The phone calls in the first 10 minutes are absolutely damning.	0
Great post - much appreciated. Gave me some good points to ponder.	3
That's kind of sad to be honest.	4
you're right, it's all very murky	3
I don't know who that is	5
That's pretty funny imo	3
“So even if vaccination did cause autism...WHICH IT FUCKING DOESN’T!” Pure genius.	3
I’m actually not! From USA, sadly. 🙃 Edited to add: unless you didn’t mean me, then I apologize!	4
I would love to be cut open for no reason while I miss work spending weeks, and possibly even years, recovering!	3
Well technically [NAME], [NAME] and [NAME] get eliminated again but from the ones still in the competition yes no one goes home	5
Completely disgusting.	1
I'm a guy and it's the same for me! I'm glad I'm not the only one who feels this way. 😊	3
I want this cat	3
Weird how he doesn't have to say the word review in order to spend the entire article reviewing	4
Thank you for not just writing some bullshit and actually being creative. Followed this sub for scary ideas but usually get cliche garbage. So Again, thanks	3
I understand why he's confused but [NAME] is the host of the show, he can't just leave	0
You’re right. Pressing f.	3
Very cool of /[NAME] to host me for RPGs last night, and especially for stepping up to run a game on short notice. Thanks homie!	3
This sounds nice, but then with what urgency would Congress have to end a partisan gridlock?	5
I just enjoy using intelligent words...? I left him	3
This is amazing	3
Might be an overestimate at this point.	0
I will call the police if you dont stop harassing me	0
Thank you for your service	3
There are racist morons everywhere.	0
Top ten nicest things anyone has ever said to me!	3
Will the full squads (+subs) be announced before the league starts? Curious as to who teams put down as their subs	5
You said it wrong.	0
You seem fun	3
> freak degenerates who live to subvert all [RELIGION] values and Prods What? Are you for real? [NAME], tell me it isn't true.	5
At least I dont care about any of them.	0
I don’t believe the mislintat or the big joke parts	0
OOF, well if im dancing with someone i dont really look at their crotch so im pretty surd ur fine. How old are u	3
Really I like the new fatalities	3
thanks for the recap	3
I don't understand the question. Do you stand to lose something by acting like an adult with integrity?	5
i actually dont mind either of those	3
Its not just kids being kids, stop being so naive	0
I want a pizza flair!!	3
Oh wow, this is the first I've heard of her aligning with those people.	5
Thank you for this!	3
[NAME]. Gun crimes are pretty much unheard of on that side of the pond, isn't it? RIP.	4
What a totally innocent and integral part of our society! So glad our tax money can keep him company over his year long holiday!	3
Enthusiasm is not helpful, got it. Edit: lol what a bunch of snowflakes.	3
Heard Sale players yelling at the refs and nothing has come of it, seems odd to suddenly have an issue with it	0
If this data were exportable in CSV format. I would love this website long time. (Github link for feature contributions maybe?)	3
There's a difference between use and ownership. They aren't equivalent.	0
You know more liberals want more gun control than regular [NAME] do, right?	0
Maybe delve into existentialism, read books from existentialist authors? Not that I'm a big fan of it, but maybe that could help you out.	3
I wake up and think I have to go to school and then realize I've graduated and I'm going to work	5
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **6th Cakeday** [NAME]! ^(hug)	3
Thank you for sharing your perspective, and talent.	3
Okay please share your biggest mistake and let me decide if I fail to see how that could happen	3
aha my favorite reply :)	3
No kids? Who cares. Go your separate ways.	0
Holy shit that was fucking bad...	0
PAC man looks too fast	3
that's a pretty cool box art. Shame the beetle's hand isn't actually wrapped around the stick though.	3
YOU'RE CORRECT AND YET THEY ARE CORRECT ALSO	3
The fact this isn't a [NAME] Attorney at Law Gif about this makes me kinda sad.	4
Yeah that is definitely tough on the processor as it's running a software emulator and the game the whole time	3
How she used the entire video without any editing.... that’s copyright	5
Out of curiosity, why won’t you play Odyssey?	5
yeah definitely so what i'm thinking is, we remake it, but also, add a divekick button	3
Haha sorry I’m still pretty clueless about this app	4
Aw no. Don't tell me you are out of epic quips to rek the trumpist incel fascist nazi?	0
Thank you for providing an unbiased & sensible opinion.	3
Thank you much! At least it's just hair, it'll be back	3
Allowed to, sure. Just don't expect me to provide you lube. And don't complain to me when you start chafing.	0
Its worth it for the other big character they bring in.	3
Hitachi Magic Wand Thank me later.	3
You need to see a feeding specialist. Outright refusal to eat to the point of starvation is almost always a serious issue.	3
That’s literally the stupidest thing ever If you think that what is stopping it to be applied to more than just bi-sexuality Seems a bit self destructive	0
I'm asking if you didn't realize orthodoxy considers not Orthodox movements to be wrong. I'm asking if you didn't realize what the implications are	0
[NAME]... why you do this?	5
And to think all along I was wondering if it was left hand turn day or just me!	5
It sucks that you had to go through that. I hope you're doing fine now (and your kids if any).	3
I'm curious, because this reminds me of where I used to go to school: What town is it?	5
I almost thought this was gonna turn into a story of your tissue you'd been reusing for months. I'm glad it was not lol	3
Where is you fur, human? You're a disgrace for all young generations	4
Something like that lol	3
Yes I do. Two bartenders can easily bring home $4k a month each.	3
I don't see the weirdness there. Also, yes, him then and now could spit in my mouth and I'd be perfectly ok with it.	3
i do love how absolutely distraught the girls look	3
I'm rank 6 and get destroyed for using legion, what build do you use? I absolutely love legion just here getting ran over	3
01/11/19 - pretty easy to remember as it is the day my band released it's first full length record. The release day gig was also pretty neat!	3
I loved ScienceBowl and KnowledgeBowl in highs school. Wish we had a college bowl.	3
i’m fking crying lmaoooo	3
Anyone can edit those pages, so I wouldn't get too excited by that yet (but I hope it's true).	3
[NAME] killed him and was only in for like 5 minutes...	3
So. He is such a premature ejaculator that he goes before someone can take a breath? That's just amazing.	3
I asked at the Bodies Reveled show if they used prisoner bodies.. I got an awkward no.	4
Ah so gang rapes aren't a thing anymore, eh? Glad to hear that.	3
This is r/tifu. If you're not caught jacking it into the turkey, you're doing it wrong.	0
With the weather we are having, it is a surprise when a battery works.	5
Technology bad!	1
Guys this team is SOOO FUN THO!!!! LIKE OMG	3
Thank you so much for the help 😊	3
I prefer to use a welding torch. I like the ozone and ultraviolet clean feeling and smells. Never have to wash the sheets either.	3
21 million went to [NAME] throughout his tenure…ridiculous	1
Happiness is not earned, it is a choice that can be made once your basic needs are met.	3
But what about terminal pulp space infections that can lead to osteomyelitis of terminal phalanx? The reasoning I read was thrombosis of end artery.	5
I read that too and was nowhere near as useful as being that valuable.	3
Now it's cheering for the two to come back	3
Hates the patriarchy...has an iPhone designed by a man. So hypocrite can be added to the list of bullshit that makes up your personality	0
All skin heads? Interesting choice.	5
Not really, more of a toxic poverty problem. Women get overworked too.	4
Someone you guys are on Grindr just to screenshot your own witty replies to men trying to bang you, don’t deny it.	0
Fucking love my pixel 2 ended up hating every Apple device I owned	3
I think they were just doing their job. Reporting what they saw. And yea that was the happiest I have seen [NAME]. Weird.	5
I wholeheartedly agree with you. I suspect that children this age don't quite understand this	3
It doesn’t really change anything, just side with your preference	3
are you dumb bro? please watch again and don’t downvote me for stating facts. holy shit you’re inept.	0
I live an hour from one but was afraid of driving all the way there and them telling me that I have to order one.	2
It's amazing the advantage that you have when you advocate for the ruling oligarchs.	3
"FUCK OFF THAT""S A PEN"	0
you sound pretty TRIGGERED bro hahaha	3
It's fairly good	3
poor little dude! Glad he's okay. He and his brother have a story to tell now.	4
She has a dirty mind perfectly fine looking cannon until she manifest the awkward scenario.	4
I mean China, India, and Pakistan have nukes and won't exactly take being exterminated lightly.	5
I'm gonna say that I hate Randazzo's because of their terrible icing. Haydel's is decent and ships.	1
This is a terrible tip. Please think before doing something like this.	3
You would know if you weren't such a Filthy Ricefield Peasant.	1
Thank you. I appreciate the advice and I agree with what you said about therapy but I'll keep trying.	3
>Being sexually desired False, since there are a lot of things you can change on yourself to be more desirable. Also you act out of experience.	5
Supposedly friend's wife is like this. I don't get it at all.	5
This can’t be the end of the back, garbage TV! I’ll miss you!	4
I'll share some soon. Just as a heads up: There seems to be quite a bit of trickery going on.	5
Ones with close ties to SA, anyway. An escaped apostate won't exactly be itching to run home.	0
EO here. This is correct. It's folk theology, popular with some, but is certainly not dogma.	3
Mate none of these are accurate. I only read these articles as an excuse to get mad at something	0
I saw it on the internet, so it must be true!	3
The King of DoorDash. Great work as always.	3
When you glossed over [NAME] history to make a cheap shot at a democrat. That type of dishonesty is kind of your trademark	0
It’s a [NAME], very fun guns to shoot. Nothing like a good old lever action sometimes!	3
More insults, [NAME] said my bit now all you have is a show that proves what I said to be the truth, nothing more nothing less.	4
LHW is such a barren shithole that I’d be more excited for this than anyone at 205 getting a shot	3
>ribs My condolences on your loss.	4
This sub can be so ridiculously cynical. It's just a pretty picture of a sign!	0
No, this was changed years ago. Schools don't lose funding.	0
Its horrifying to think about getting separated from your family, friends and the culture you were living into somewhere new and unfamiliar just like that	4
Capitalism ha shifted like a huge population of the earth out of poverty, so things are globally getting better	3
> Or is this another attempt to get remainers on-side without actually committing to anything? Pretty much	5
Thank you.	3
Hey [NAME], welcome to reddit! How's your first day? There's no chance you had a previous username, is there?	5
She has pretty hair.	3
Do it successfully and coal country will still say it’s a stupid idea.	0
You’re right, republicans are worse because they have nukes.	1
I love you more	3
The orange man angers me and I do not like him.	0
i hope you get fired or rejected from your job for some stupid arbitrary reasons, maybe then you'll wise the fuck up	3
What a legend	3
No compromise, the Democrats are finally showing some goddamn backbone.	0
My man loves his beer more than anything in the world.	3
"Sorry but why does it matter that you're ""from /r/All""? "	3
Thank you soooo much 😍	3
Saame god I try to picture myself as a more attractive version of myself if that makes sense but it's all just fantasy :(.	3
Wanting to have immigration controls is in no way, shape, or form racist.	3
I'm glad you're safe - but don't feel sorry for him. He knows what he is doing.	3
Damn... 😑	0
thank you man	3
It usually comes out after people catch me dissociating.	4
oh lol Im personally a mess. I always have been.	3
Oh my heck, thanks so much for correcting me. 😆	3
Nope what’s it about?	5
Idk [NAME] is my vote bois	3
I hate fags	0
Well, my upcoming adverts are going to be interesting!	3
Imagine thinking like this. I feel kinda bad for them.	4
This will be her first non-numerical-titled album, so I’m curious what she’s gonna go with for an album title	5
Exhibit A, lol	3
Thats who I thought it was too😂	5
That backfired in the most delightful way.	3
Right before that he called [NAME] for getting barged in the back and nearly kicked in the face. Weird performance. Didn't change the result mind	1
...and I think you just jinxed it. I hope not 🤞🏽	3
Well, never thought I'd be here, but here I am, someone who passionately hates the Florida Panthers	0
💕❤️💕 I believe in you. Stay strong	3
U will hate it shortly	0
I was AF enlisted too hahaha	3
I'm lactose intolerant, still I hope u OP and everyone else loves their slices.	3
Has it been confirmed fake yet? Or is it just really obvious that it's fake?	5
Man fuck, I didn't come here for these feels...	0
What if your only job was recovery?	5
Sorry, I’m just so hungry right now	4
WAIT IS THIS FUCKING LOSS!?!	0
She is my favorite model from American Eagle store. Such beauty and so positive.	3
I was never a fan of it. It should be a regular foul.	0
Thank you!	3
I don't even know. Fyi I have this disorder that made me even antisocial day by day...	0
He looks like [NAME] soooo... accurate.	3
I like how you ignored the point about Blade Runner.	3
yea ok dude	3
I'm here through the week. So far I've met [NAME], French and Haitian people and it's been amazing!	3
It will probably take him some time to figure out whether he’s really ok with it or not.	3
Are they sure one didn't kill the other and themselves?	5
"I think you need to explore your motivations a bit more. I very much doubt you just want to know and ""That's all."""	3
I laughed.	3
Ik some of my fav episodes of recent	3
[NAME] damn I love Coops	3
Tell them personally how you feel and that you want things to change for better	3
Exactly, you never know. Good luck for Monday!	3
I was thinking 1-2 in each eye might stop the threat, but if I'm being honest I'd be worried about the ensuing legal struggle...	4
The furry community loves it.	3
I'm always stuck in platinum because every match is a loss, no healer what so ever	4
Still not as bad as [NAME] not being able to figure out how to push a god damn button.	0
Its to hard to write for [NAME]?	5
This is awesome!	3
he ignored a question I asked him as well he is not big into responding.	0
I fell asleep with the feeds on last night and woke up pretty frightened at the noises coming from my computer. Thank you for casting Tom BB hahahaha	3
Genetic science is changing the jewelry game?	5
I refuse to watch this. Lifetime exploiting [NAME] gross behavior to sell 'entertainment'.	0
Lots of them are in really beautiful unique buildings. The one in folkestone in particular is pretty amazing.	3
Wish they would’ve cancelled work when it was -40 last week but I guess that’s somewhat expected in Canada.	3
That's exactly why I think it would be a bad idea to scrap the program wholesale. Though, I still think that stadium is ludicrous.	3
If it's Fttn, then not much, maybe worse, because it's still using that shitty old rusted copper running through that same old leaky pit	0
The comic relief of the cat world - when they’re not tearing the flesh from your bones	3
What other account do you think is mine?	5
True, but it'll happen sooner than a constitutional amendment will.	3
damnit i've been enjoying the mutual pisstaking with my Swedish mate	0
Yes, amazing price! Everyone I told was completely shocked!	3
Srs I saw this post and I’m confused that this is considered a hack.	5
While I agree that the biggest problem is [NAME], [NAME] had to go too.	3
Hi [NAME]. Glad you are joining us and am looking forward to watching your episode. Did you do sleeve or rny? I am having rny in 2 weeks!	5
did you ever play starcraft on N64? it was like pulling your own teeth with an N64 controller	5
I’m really glad to read that ex-spouses are friends after. Good for you all!	3
US postal service right? Might have something to do with the government shutdown, but I’m not sure.	5
Fucking hell! I've been out there protesting orange people all this time. I need funding for new signs!	0
Wait so you can do that infinitely, even with placed campfires?	5
Who are these outraged [NAME] women?!	5
It's different when it's your younger sibling, people	5
What a horrible person	2
Thank you.. Yeah if she just want to talk she is definitely wasting my time.	3
That’s not a good thing to do. And taking it into account for sentencing is fine. But she’s still guilty.	0
My biggest question is: who is [NAME]? Also: who are the [NAME]? Also: who is [NAME]?	5
I think it doesn't have to be only in school, but anyway, good attitude, I'm sure you can overcome it (with patience)	3
Shows you how important posing is...	5
Why!? I just don’t understand why? Somebody tell me why?	5
I'm late to the party but she looks like she could get up!!	3
I think it was roughing and unsportsmanlike conduct for the chirp or something stupid like that. I couldn't believe [NAME] got away with that	0
[NAME] consistently being the guy with most energy. We need him on the floor more.	3
Deadass? Shoook?? Come on [NAME], do you really talk like that? You sound dumb.	5
[NAME] still looks fresh for 40 years old.	3
Hoooo boy am I ready for a masterpiece	3
This right here... most of the orders I have done on shipt have not tipped. Not sure why customers feel entitled on that platform.	5
If my team lost like that, I’d definitely be very upset. Just hard to see it.	4
Don't forget to snack constantly to keep your metabolism up! /s	3
I'm curious, what you mean?	5
"""Holding [NAME] up like baby [NAME] would be a fantastic way to excite a fan base that’s been neglected for years."""	3
Talk to your grandparents... you will be surprised on how much general knowledge they have to share.	5
Thanks for explaining. I hope you'll fill out the survey!	3
because you are in danger of appropriating methhead culture.	2
A few years ago a lot of shows tried to do a “second screen experience”. It didn’t work and died a quiet death.	4
Seriously. [NAME] is a hero. I heard he was a volunteer firefighter during 9/11.	3
cuteee	3
Of course it is. If it's called #bellletstalk. Not #letstalk.	3
>lol that's [NAME]	3
It's been a while since I watched anything from WWE and new [NAME] looks like the homeless version of old Lince Dorado.	0
I don't need any [NAME]. But if At the Gates actually I made a game, I'd be interested.	3
So sorry to hear that matey. What a good dog. Give him lots of pets.	4
I'd be fine on the highway, really only stop and go and hill starts, and reversing that I have problems with.	0
Yeah, that's what we call it too. Have you been to Madina Masjid in Toronto?	3
What does that even mean?	5
Considering that was a very early episode of SU, making tall trans women feel good is awesome :D	3
I thought he was guaranteed to sign with the Padres lol	3
That was nasty... but also the most real thing I’ve seen on the show lately.. lol	1
This definitely seems like medical advice is needed?	5
love em or hate em I think we can all agree that was blatant PI	5
That's actually a really good one. Atleti fans also seem to love him and literally everyone who faces him despises him.	3
Idk how to use any.... the 5th one looks scary	2
The only term I really use is “sis” for effect, imo referring to a guy as “she/her” is a little weird to me	0
I hope you find him, but WHY didn't you exchange numbers???	3
it's so cold today I nearly cried just from the temperature and wind I DONT LIKE IT	0
Enjoy friend.	3
Turn in them. Who cares if they’re your cousins. They’re not three years old. They should know better.	0
[NAME] bless [NAME]	3
Hmmm, mildly interesting :)	5
Hit my head on a bench doing parkour. Looked like that lol	3
Can’t be worse than last week	1
[NAME]? Is that you?	5
Sorry, What I meant to say was if it had been worded differently it wouldn't have the same effect.	4
The people of NI need to know the joy of football special	3
Okaaaay? I'm not sure how to respond to that, no offense.	5
Here’s hoping!	3
Thanks, do we know how this document has been publicised, and if it's not a fake document	3
Well when ever you want to see her check the cahpters she is in :) haha	3
Thank you a lot! Btw that user name tho 😆	3
I want a sense of progression and accomplishment in overwatch, something golden guns and skins dont give me anymore :)	3
I dont understand this personality thing? Most guys aren't that interesting but they will still end up with a girl.	5
I hope G2 such a great org	3
He's a good fit, not a perfect fit. Same goes for [NAME].	3
My balls are telling me it’s a 2nd, but I like the feel of your balls lmao	3
Dr [NAME] is the best! :)	3
Why is that a concern? Their not language students nor are they part of an international language program.	5
If you google translate it means “nugget” which I find hilarious.	3
I kinda want it to stay a great mystery of the world, otherwise it would ruin the true magic of it	5
better yet. cancel your subscription to Netflix and go for a walk. much better for you anyway.	3
That’s good to hear..I’m so worried I’ll be making the wrong choice by leaving my job I hate soon.	3
Then your education must have been pretty poor lol	3
If I’m ever like that, suffocate me with a pillow.	0
[NAME] is hot garbage on that court. He has been the biggest disappointment of any player this season.	4
Omg lmfao!!	5
That is embarrassing, but at least they know you're not lying about the cause!	4
I didn't like the family ending but I liked the Atlantis ending especially as we know we are going to see more of it in DLC2.	3
i’m sorry i don’t have the box with me	4
Wow after that [NAME] turnover, I've never turned off a game so fast	5
They are worth the time it takes to write them. Thank you for returning!	3
This has nothing to do with weebs, anime, mlp, katana, or 4chan. This is just doesn't belong hear.	0
True but the majority of plastic used is for the shelved grocery items. Pasta, rice, coffee are in every household and are all packaged in plastic	3
You know, you’re right, she didn’t take the opportunity as seriously as she should have it seems	3
If your team has no healer I really hope u get the heal talent	3
Is there such a thing as a typical case? That seems like a somewhat dangerous attitude for any doctor.	5
Sounds fun, is it?	3
I love this passive aggressiveness!!	3
Full time tennis fans are pompous and annoying.	0
which is the very issue because he banned me	0
I want G League over here in Spokane so bad!	3
I’m so glad I’m not the only one. Since everything happened I’ve always thought I was just overly sensitive	5
Ripped but not bulky is anything but unremarkable. So, attractive, talented, and rich. I can't imagine what women see in guys like that.	3
Thank you for fading	3
It's not even Goats. Just got to the point I realised the Devs don't care about what happens below high elo.	5
Oh okay. Thanks.	3
Her track record is pretty shaky	4
But transit is amazing here.	3
[NAME] love for you	3
And butt. I can't believe butt cracks are blurred in US shows!	0
honestly surprised i havent lost power	5
I didn't turn the sounds on because I'm in bed and it LOOKS nasally	0
Cheers for that!	3
I'm starting to think you're just an idiot.	0
I'm pretty sure [NAME] was just joking. Not really sad cringe.	3
Look at that subtle colouring. The tasteful thickness. Oh my [NAME]. It even has a watermark.	3
Luckily you can see the Big 5 within about 45 minutes from Joburg, so get the car and Google some activities. Loads of fun to be had.	3
Super fake news. This wasn't brought up when directly asked about it in previous testimony.	0
Thank you! I had no idea this existed	3
it will be the compilation of 3 games, don't get your expectations that high.	0
I'm surprised no one's talking about the guy in the picture. What a thrussy!	5
And you know they never grow out of that...I hate people. Myself included.	0
Yes, is there any way we can do this? Cos fuck that POS.	0
No, just act surprised if anything comes of it.	5
That mantra got me through my first 5 years!	5
I think someone else should open a drive through so I can enjoy the flavours without the dishes aha	3
I fat fingered it haha I meant 18	3
This is so infuriating.	0
this looks natty with ideal picture conditions	3
Is it manipulation if it is 100% true, 100% genuine, and 100% good advice?	5
I love to see the Celtics give up [NAME] and [NAME] only to have [NAME] walk to literally any other team	3
Can you snap a picture of that pinky in your butthole, friend?	5
You're welcome! And whoops, my bad. I did not know that, thank you. I edited it up above.	3
Thanks! Fridays...and Saturdays...and Sundays...all gonna be long, lol. Ack!	3
Yeah, a lot of people conveniently forget how devastating spacial apartheid was, and how permanent it's effects were designed to be.	0
I really enjoyed Fractured But Whole, but I don't remember the meals being significant (it's been like a year). Can you explain?	3
Was almost hit by some idiot yesterday that drove straight through a red light and into a crossing.	0
Usually they ask, and the generic is almost always cheaper. It's shitty of them not to ask though.	4
It would feel amazing. Which would scare you. So you would crush it. Along with yourself.	3
“I’ll never have a playoff mandate” go fuck yourself [NAME]	0
I am eternally grateful that youtube did not exist while I was doing all my weird shit growing grow.	3
"I will donate money to the ""Buy a striker fund"" [NAME] up top is beyond frustrating. "	0
Just so you know the reason opponents were few in the 2018 election is because the opposition boycotted	5
[NAME] does love [NAME] I absolutely love Turkey- it's a shame I don't see myself visiting any time soon	3
Oh whoops, I misread the original comment	5
You are megalophobic, my friend. Welcome to the club.	3
[NAME] lol. I eat what I want.	0
Will we see [NAME] as PM before that? We shall see	5
Don’t waste money on guns, you’ll be given all the best guns in the story	3
Come on how would gladiators let [NAME] go.	5
No fucking clue	5
They are super super awkward.	4
You look adorable. :) I love your eyes. :)	3
Well it wasn’t opinion they didn’t like it was fact right?	5
"Have you read the AUMF? It's insane how much power it grants the government to prosecute the ""War on Terror"""	5
Was pretty confused about a random guy having dinner with [NAME] until I read your username haha Congrats for Arctic btw!	5
Let me translate: No. Find them yourself. You can lead a horse to water but you can't make them think. But thank you for describing yourself.	3
What does that even mean? How does one decide right or wrong with something so vague?	5
Adjust grip, change how you aim, and don’t worry about it.	3
Oh so you're being a troll, good to know.. I actually thought for a second that disgusting, freak couples like y'all actually existed	1
It is so crazy to me that people unironcally use “kicks their trash”. I guess they just don’t want to swear.	0
Nothing better to do with their time, I guess?	0
Omg, this is hilarious	3
Holy fucking shit	0
Lol what do you mean ☺️☺️☺️	3
Yeah, your dopamine receptors are going back to normal.	3
Because it's straight up untrue. It's a new ce idea but anyone relying on the sentiment is going to be repeatedly disappointed.	4
I do. Am chemist. Stop serving me things that remind me of work, goddamit.	0
Hey man, if you need the Chiefs to lose to bring you any sort of pleasure I get it. But at least be classy about it!	0
I feel like I'd actually really like the song all together	3
Oh dear.	3
Oh look a player breaking out of a slump against Dallas. Haven't seen this one before	5
Ya done goofed kid. All you had to do was win.	0
This is brilliant!	3
Yes I would rather have a government agency waste the money on food stamps. Right wing moron.	3
Thanks my boet	3
Thanks so much for your reply it helps to hear from others. Good luck on your journey.	3
I wish it wasn't so crumbly. It feels like sand in my mouth.	3
No kidding. That was extremely disappointing.	4
Still the greatest timeline tho	3
Caring too much	3
Ugh. People are the worst!	1
Always a pleasure to have our board of directors pay us a little visit.	3
I think of [NAME] hot dogs. I hate that I love them so much.	3
the older me would be scared shirtless knowing all the fireworks that exploded nearly in my hand as a kid	2
"I would pay money for [NAME] to not be my nurse. She will probably ""accudentally"" squeeze my nuts. Crazy bitch."	0
I don't even know what this is referring to. East Midlands airport? Please post a link.	5
Can’t tell if that’s weird or like nice of you?	5
Y'all been eatin' long enough now, stop being greedy!	0
If this is true 2020 is done. We won't have control of the presidency or Congress for decades.	3
Can we get a guard too? This is my dream.	3
[NAME] has a nice text on this topic. Of flying cars and the declining rate of profit.	3
IMO, cheaters are only sorry they got caught, not because they betrayed their spouses and had an affair.	0
I love u too <3	3
You know, I’m something of a friend myself	3
This is the kinda stuff that is cute in romantic comedies. It just depends on how much you like him.	3
Shes stunning haha	3
Thanks for the feedback! I will certainly keep that length range in mind.	3
Yes!!! He was my #2 choice. Love this hire so much and we don’t have a coach with a sketchy past	3
But it taste and look so good 💦👌	3
May i ask where?	5
Thank you so very much for this. Our culture seems to frown upon the mindset of leaving them out to dry.	3
Looked like [NAME] for some reason	3
This made me chuckle, thank you.	3
Everyone likes [NAME].	3
I’m anxious, he’s shy. We’re both teenagers and from what I understand his parents won’t let him have one	5
I'm excited, we're supposed to be getting ours this year. Finally.	3
Season 2 has been fantastic	3
> but to say that it will fuck up your mind is simply ignorant lolol k.	3
>US isn't a de facto dictatorship Not sure anyone has told [NAME] that to be honest	5
[NAME] is huge fucking liar, but you seem to like him.	0
I think a few guys on the team have said [NAME] just listens to country music lol.	3
Goddamn it...	0
Really? I’m not so sure, because I really do like her a lot.	3
Stop with this revisionist history we literally just let him go because HE SUCKED	0
Likely. Just let him take every single shot all night and see what happens.	3
I love this show	3
It's so sad	4
Congrats! How are you feeling about it?	3
If you look really, really closely you will find the man tears in his eyes...	5
Yeah I knew that game off the top of my head wasn’t sure if there was anymore	5
I love it (Blacklock holiday)	3
Thank you so much.	3
Awesome quote.	3
That scene traumatized me the first time I watched it	2
I actually don’t mind Sudbury to Nipigon but whole North Ontario sucks overall.	0
You do realise that a toilet lid doesn't make the toilet air tight, so the toxic poo ridden air you're so worried about would still escape.	0
Looks good!	3
Any that lands for us tbh lol	3
Typical humans, diminishing dog's accomplishments.	4
That was helpful to hear, thanks for your response!	3
1. Why is it impossible to not read this in [NAME] voice? 2. Why does it get in my head so [NAME] damn often?	5
That sub bans and deletes anything that's not flattering to [NAME]. Don't expect anything other than ideology and cult behavior from those idiots.	0
Oh the joys of Marine Corps boot camp!!	3
Other than some wacky pick up orders, the dine-in customers are very sweet at my place. It’s a good thing :)	3
Please go to urgent care and get some antibiotics if you have not already. UTIs can become serious if they go untreated.	3
Thanks for the recommendations!	3
Yeah this angle is nauseating.	1
I do that with my boyfriend. We can room together on school field trips and sleep at each other’s houses without suspicion. I love it	3
Grats man. I hit my second live one today coincidentally! Feels good :)	3
A related book for the more nerdy types is [NAME] Burnout Society. Thanks for the share, it was well worth the long read.	3
I like your sleeves... they’re real big	3
I liked the edgy sexual attraction. It was intense and I was drunk on it.	3
Damn, I want some!	3
All the things you've been thinking about, fangirls, make me sad.	4
I like vanilla, it's the finest of the flavors.	3
I love how the tires are Raiders logo	3
Correct, so who's the devil? Did you know that in the original Hebrew text [NAME] means adversary?	5
YESSSS!! The schtick with cameras never failed to delight.	3
Sorry I haven't been keeping up to date, what happens next week?	4
Wait, this is an INDUSTRY person? Wtf.	0
Ah okay, I'm sorry lol, I'm dumb. Thanks for your response.	3
> No one likes being made to vote more often than they have to. My love of the sausage sizzle says otherwise!	3
Why are you okay with racism and why are slurs the red line?	0
I usually see tweets like this for girls but it feels nice to have it directed at boys	3
Cheers man, will be taking it easy for sure.	3
this is hurting UCF's chance at a super bowl	4
[NAME] forbid i love and support and show that support and love for my country apparently im racist now...	3
I constantly feel like I'm my husband's best friend and it's just a matter of time until we break up :(	0
"its admittedly shallow and petty but I love the saying ""libertarianism is astrology for men"""	3
Maybe this one is more correct? Yours don't have Amarillo in the billboard	5
M'lady... Good god, the last man alive is a '[NAME]'!	3
Cool. Would be happy to know if this worked out for you. I had wasted a bunch of time like you did and was getting frustrated.	4
[NAME] cares like a father incredible	3
I’m the most surprised that [NAME] is 35. Seems like just yesterday he was plotting with [NAME] on how to get booze for the party	5
I just mentioned it to another poster but we have reached Poe's Law where I actually don't know if they are being satirical or not.	5
It's not a murder or a cringe. Just seems like two friends joking around.	3
"Reply with ""Oh, my bad"". Don't make a big fuss out of it. People make mistakes."	0
Isn't that redundant?	5
And religion isn't displayed on uber page. She saw a brown person and refused to interact with them solely based on race. She's a racist.	0
Texas, I'm really just mad at myself for not double checking. But now I have a year to find something better	3
Post it! Im dying to know what she looks like “normal”	5
How come you shock the spinach in an ice bath?	5
I love the name!	3
I’m not sure why this is a nonononoyes, we didn’t see any of the beforehand I really only see the “yes”	5
I really hope I don’t ever experience a mid life crisis at all. But if I do, I at least want to act my age.	3
Do we know what the source of this rumor is other than twitter speculation?	5
All good man, I don't get the college football hate I see on here, and I hate the big ten disrespect I see everywhere.	0
Lived in multiple cities across the UK, never seen a bus service as consistent, cheap and generally amazing as Edinburghs.	3
Its fun to draw in an empty space.	3
The fact that the passenger gives a thumbs up drives me crazy	3
Oh man, the crab brigade hit this thread *hard*	0
I would pay good money to watch [NAME] vs Dr. Now!!!	3
Was just in the Grampians over the long weekend. Haven't been there in 20 years. Still love it.	3
These edits are retarded. Why do people get so giddy for internet points.	0
Same tbh hahahaha	3
Thank you 👍	3
Thank you. It is somewhat comforting to think this may be the real issue and not that she just doesn't want to with me anymore.	3
Ah okay, I see! Thanks for the clarification.	3
Good question... maybe it has something to do with expanding their international flights? Although if I remember correctly they unload you somewhere else to go through customs.	3
"I love how the reason for the dislocation got progressively less extreme until the ""I was sitting down"" Man, getting old sucks"	3
Seeing people overtaking on the right makes me anxious.	2
New Job? [NAME] is pregnant!	3
Best of luck in your career :)	3
Hi I'm an order of magnitude more awkward than you and I'm coming.	4
really thought he'd hit a bird for the longest time.	5
She manages to interview the most horrible people, as long as they're willing. Can't have an interview with someone who'll only attack your questions.	3
Yo I love that game too it’s great	3
Lucrative. I like it.	3
A 100years? That's far too long dude. Reminder: ww2 was 73 years ago...	5
Surprised, Playtest isn't mentioned. The ending is just god damn!	5
The sub is VERY socialist so they love this kind of stuff	3
Gotta have a molotov at every door, never know when there's a riot	5
I really appreciate this post. I have been having a shit day and this honestly made my night!	3
What was her emergency other than a teen throwing a temper tantrum	0
>If you were to confiscate $900 billion of [NAME] assets, lmao	3
Was anyone on just now, and got booted from the server? It now looks like both servers are down, both are 9999 ping for me.	5
"I did this for Christmas to coming home. Somewhere in Illinois I said to myself ""fuck this Im flying next time and renting a car."""	5
The fingertip save against [NAME] in the Champions League Final shootout is forever etched in my brain. What a legend.	3
Yes! I was lost without subtitles on Sons of Anarchy.	4
Awesome, glad you like it. I need to get one this week now.	3
We dont want or deserve to win this game. Sloppy sloppy sloppy	0
I wish I could draw... :L	3
why not? standing to me isn’t as everything i need is on the floor lol	3
England is all about driver safety. Competence...well....	3
Most FBI agents never fire their weapons and spend more time looking at excel sheets, lol	3
I almost felt sorry for him. Almost.	4
Fair enough. That is a form of cuckery I cant approve of.	0
You are, or you're. Thanks	3
Better love big “snowflake” hearts!	3
Even after reading all your posts, I still don't understand... 😑	5
Which guy is that again? Theres also [NAME], hyper pro military special ops guy.	5
[NAME] damn it	0
She loves it. Watch Rick and Morty. Do it yourself.	3
Oh my goodness I was there yesterday! Luckily I didn't get bitten.	3
I feel stupid for not looking at her bio, but I do have some more pictures	0
"Yeah, I was like ""man I love [NAME] so much but [NAME] is also amazing and good"""	3
Falling for such low quality bait	4
Have fun getting robbed	3
"It's gonna be the next ""live, laugh, love"" with everyone running around talking about if things ""spark joy"""	3
Great fucking game for [NAME]. And I can't believe some people are trying to hate on him for one TOV in the 4th. This fan base smh	0
I've always wanted to eat Youngstown State's mascot	3
Saw them at a free concert on my campus in 2012. They were good.	3
It's almost like the whole rationalist thing was started by an overconfident person.	0
Thank you for highlighting this. No wall. DACA is (almost certainly) fine for another year.	3
Well, you're shit outta luck then. All you can do is bear them feels.	3
That was actually Chicago. Cute as hell though	0
Right?? It makes no sense she’s horrible	1
Women are nice. Except when they murder you.	3
Omg I love it	3
You might be on to something, but did you have a question?	5
Do NOT disrespect [NAME]. He is a beautiful, good man!. [NAME] is far from it and not near as pretty.	3
Conversion to make gay people straight. It's horrifying	2
Ah thanks so much	3
What a pathetic reply. I know we’re all supposed to be nice here but c’mon.	4
You can't choose whether you like pork better than chicken but you can choose whether you have pork or chicken for supper.	5
i feel we can all relate	3
You are right. There's absolutely no group of liberals here that calls everyone right of [NAME] [NAME] every chance they get.	3
I can't believe people are saying [NAME] should have been saved, she knew like 10% of the words	5
It hurts to snap out of that denial and face the truth your loved ones are dead... I guess.	4
I mean Darkfall really has the best combat but the rest of the game lacks.	3
OH NO! LOL That'll teach ya, kid.	3
Im color blind, i usually see blue as purple and red as green soo...	4
Lol this happened literally 5-10 seconds after the screenshot was taken too	3
[NAME] Can we expect to see more tracer after brig nerfs? 🤔	5
I love people like this that don't understand how taxes work...	3
This is a serious question. Are you glad they told you?	5
Soft boiled huh?	5
Indeed. I've had an eye removed and what you described is accurate.	3
Nervous for [NAME]. He’s my all time fave. I wish he would stay retired and stay a legend	3
I’m gay, so let’s hope this works! I look better clean shaven lmao. Thanks!	3
That's really sad. I used to live not far from there and spent a lot of time in that park. Fished in those ponds many times.	4
Is this Hawaii? I had such a feeling this was Maui when I saw it.	5
If you like Thai food, try Firefly.	3
thank you!	3
I'm just glad I've never heard of this game before otherwise this news would be disappointing.	4
Wow fuk I'm watching that right now	5
> and the top 20% of wealthiest [NAME] own 92% of stock Well, I hope they had a wonderful December, then.	3
Man I’ve been watching too much Goblin Slayer lately and forgot what sub I was on	5
Welp....I think your question came across as judgmental. Why did you ask it?	5
Ok, hope you are right	3
it’s fantastic with reflex or holographic	3
[NAME] missed it solely because they've moved from the Rookies vs Sophomores format.	4
Yeah it’s ridiculous. I mean I’m crying about the model but I still spent the money lol	3
this is good. well done.	3
not defending [NAME] - just pointing out *one* of the reasons folks may disagree with slapping the socialist label on anyone left of neolib scum	0
Then the school had a special assembly to honor this hero and everyone clapped.	3
Woooooooahahhohohohohho nice one Bembry to [NAME].	3
Sad thing is, I wanted to, but I’m stupidly awkward...	4
We need to do something about [NAME] because he's fucking my fantasy team up	0
I love the way he starts kicking the guy while holding the 2 Ak's	3
This is ok as extra content, but it feels really uncomfortable.	0
OMG, how did they do that? I mean killed Petunias. My pot is from Bunnings as well.	5
Don’t worry; I’m sure your dad will come back from the store any day now.	3
Ah geez what a disaster if she tries this!	4
I love the downvote followed by zero response. Thank you ladies and gentlemen, goodnight *mic drop	3
Maybe he just never wanted to be a head coach and was content with being a defensive coordinator? Either way, I’m excited!	3
Oh no!	4
Love the homeless encampment in the photo.	3
Genitals in general are just kinda creepy, fleshy bits.	1
Get outta here and delete your post cause you're sure gonna look dumb in front of a lot of people other than me.	0
Sadly the minimum wage in Virginia is only $7.25 an hour so that definitely would not be enough.	4
Now it makes sense.	3
Gas Crisis. It’s the best episode of all time.	3
I'm so nervous!	2
I really hope that this guy becomes the next u/back2worksoon on Meme Monday	3
Dude you’re right but just because we draft someone in the 1st round doesn’t guarantee a starting caliber QB.	3
It's also my 40th birthday, so bring a gift!	3
And then you see some idiots in the street walking with their speakers listening to reggaeton out loud (at least in Spain).	0
Thanks for sharing. I'm afraid I will start to squint, this way. Not sure if it's the case.	3
we need to deregulate more so we can beat them. america needs to be #1 in something	3
I blame [NAME].	0
Had a baby before, those movements should be the last of your worries	4
I don’t. I only know about it from the internet. I had no idea.	5
Unable. It's not really possible. It's not his only interest but it's the one I can't really do anything about.	0
Oh my good lord. I just somethinged over his highlight reel.	5
Hope he's ok, the game needs more people with names like [NAME]	3
He looks so young, always thought he was older than me.	3
I dunno, I love me some barrel-aged spirits and ales.	3
Quit being racist. They're just being racists.	0
should have expected that ending ... but nice new (?) twist on that common joke	3
I'd say the guy who was going beat [NAME] face in is the worst character on the show.	1
y meme when the news memes for u?	5
I totally agree with you, I just wish she hadn't tossed his sweater away :(	3
Lol! Taxes are where the soul goes to die. Good luck, man! Get that degree and run far away!	3
I had that, after a relationship of 2.5 years she cheated on me. Oh well, we had fun.	3
What's absurd here is that anyone believes a bottle of champagne is worth 34k.	0
What she is doing is child abuse, plain and simple. Fight with everything you have to protect your kids.	0
Didn't see soon enough. Sounds like fun and yum. How did it go?	5
Something like Chariot will occur again but all electric and highly autonomous. Something I wish [NAME] could do right now.	3
I wonder why don't we share this planet together as human beings instead of slaving and being like robots... [NAME]	5
I'm getting old. :/	4
This is seriously disturbing. Even more disturbing, is that we aren’t doing anything about this, and it’s going to expand. Watch.	0
Holy shit, that's great!	3
I feel like that’s the least disgusting option. Imagine a penis or vaginal canal made out of fingers.	1
Booty matters MUCH more in my opinion	3
Holy fuck dude. Use the mute button. Your feelings were hurt with one message, now click it, thanks ^_^	3
damn you were close	5
They’re well on track to getting that superpower by 2020 slot	3
I was told ignar was going to be awful by this sub.	2
Thank you brother	3
They obviously sent the funds to Binance because they didn't want them to get hacked on some shady exchange like Cryptopia.	3
So weird watching this segment knowing what happened a couple days ago.	4
There isn't. It's a brigaded thread. Good opportunity to tag accounts, though.	3
I am just asking for job-advice. I have dealt with this condition for a long time, and know what medical therapies are effective and feasible for me. Thanks	3
Hey, did you know that killing family pets, is indicative of future serial killers?	5
Just like you can't underestimate the capacity for evil, you can't underestimate the capacity for stupidity	0
Convoys were the safest way to get cargo ships across oceans, so that would be yes.	3
Hello. We have removed your comment for shaming. Thanks [NAME]	3
Funny you ask	3
I was really hoping Vikings would get a bear mask but this also looks sick! RIP all my steel	3
I can answer this! It's alright. Interesting little snippets that make me curious about the show for sure.	5
Your artwork is amazing.	3
I for one appreciate having the DD and Cat erotica in the same place.	3
"It's funny cause you say socialists have an ""ignorance of economics"" while posting on an anarcho-capitalist sub :) I think you clearly fundamentally misunderstand socialism. "	3
Thank you! They made me stay six days. It was not fun but it made me finally realize I need to work harder in therapy	3
I LOVE this.	3
Bah gawd, she is broken in half!	4
"You're not going to stop using pot-stirring offensive words to ""trigger the libs"" or you're not going to stop using logic and reason?"	5
Yeah, I think we're on the same page. Maybe a different sentence, but the same page.	3
Really??	5
I guess it's the word 'high'	5
[NAME] this was hard to get through. Please crosspost to r/sadcringe	4
I BELIEVE! I am sad that likely no one else will see it besides me...	4
I went through that phase, I was quite depressed.	4
Haha me too! I just told my husband they were my favs and I never thought that would happen with BOTH of them.	3
Ah true blue love	3
Totally fair. All I was trying to remind everyone is don't fall in love with your crushes.	3
Honestly, the fact that they're over and done didn't truly hit me until I saw that they now have a Greatest Hits album.	3
I don’t even know what this show is, it’s basically “increasingly outlandish things happen to young people” the TV show.	5
Tell me about it. Never felt like I fit into this gen.	5
I thought I was done enjoying the Saints loss but this brought me right back. Great find!	3
This is why I worry about you sometimes	3
You have to assert dominance or they'll never learn.	3
Haha! I remember seeing this when it aired	3
It's a Falling In Reverse song, which makes it even more terrifying	2
Kids are curious and brutal. If she actually spoke in front of the class about, she'd probably leave crying.	5
Man that’s cool, I like this sub. You’re a cool mod	3
And when I went to your moms house she told me about her super awesome witty son.	3
"""Help! It's an educated brown woman! Help meeeeee!"""	4
See, I missed it completey, so they must have glossed over it fast.	4
> Waaah the reward I get for being a decent human being isn’t good enough.	0
I wasn't saying it was. But it's the most likely explanation of why a youtuber would want to pretend they have one.	0
Mod to the rescue! Thanks haha	3
Banning abortion causes way more harm than good and is evil to be against. Same with requiring suffering people to suffer. you seem evil	0
Wait a minute-- is this you, [NAME]? Awkward...	5
Interesting. I recognize way more of the 2019 names than I did from last year. Any hope that means I'm getting younger?!	5
$1200 gets you a hell of a nice mortgage on a home.	3
Ugh. Sounds awful. I’m sorry :(	4
ITS MAM!	0
normal looking guys thinking about the weekend, while ugly guys thinking about tongue position, mewing, and item #45 on todays Self Improvement checklist. lmao	3
Darn. I'm sorry, I didn't know that. I honestly am out of ideas and I don't know what to do.	4
We've been bamboozled	0
That's what I was wondering too.	5
That's fucking awesome! I had no idea they would straight up off a dude for trifling! Lmao Winning information forsure, cheers man.	3
Kinda weird to continuously shoot at Police too...	0
Burn it!	0
Thank you for your valuable contribution to the discussion	3
bournemouth v chelsea took under 3.5 3-0 then in the 95th minute bournemouth grab another. feels bad man	4
Man, this is awesome but seems bittersweet after NYE. It was loud as hell.	3
[NAME] damn you are autistic	0
Everyone is reporting about it on TV. Was cool to see the highlight.	3
Discord. It’s there in the FAQ.	0
Tip the piercer? You ask how much for the piercing. Pay that as you leave.	5
[NAME] made that lmao	3
Yeah, the only issue with the scene is how long the dance scene goes.	0
Seriously we haven't gotten a stop barely at all tonight.	5
I will! Thanks!	3
31? Congrats on the wizard powers, at least. What spells did you learn?	5
Moving in general sucks, moving a book store must really suck	0
“My Girlfriend, [NAME] has returned! Greetings my love!” ~[NAME], 2012.	3
Forthwith this group will remain unnamed, verily so that we might avoid bringing ire upon ourselves for a simple observation.	3
I really like hearing the Australian accent of someone speaking Italian.	3
I would give it a day before people started changing their minds if we had this option	5
What a weird and slightly creepy thing to come to mind as a reaction to this video. /s Edit: apparently indicating my sarcasm was necessary here.	2
Did he run them into the car? It hasn't been proven that he was holding a gun. As of now it is only on the kids	5
Much appreciated! I'll surely come back and let everyone know what I find!	3
Did he actually have anything planned or...	5
Hahaha! Yes.	3
Thank you! <3	3
HOW DOES ONE CONTACT [NAME] TO PRESENT THEIR FIRSTBORN FOR ONE?!?!?!	5
yes!!! Once I realized my body wasn't wanting as much food i put my self on intermittent fasting and i love it	5
"Thanks for the tip! You get bonus points for no spelling mistakes. If I can offer a tip in return, look up what ""ironic"" means."	3
I just wanna see the fallout of [NAME] leaving. OH And the [NAME] stuff from yesterday. Pls CBS Plsss!!	5
Right there with you. 20 years together and suddenly its over. I'm tired of crying and hurting. We'll get through this.	4
I am worried about [NAME]. I really hope that his elbow is alright.	3
Very sad news for the man. Widespread travel disruption is expected for the evening commute	4
Maybe he thought they meant HOKEY!!!! Like “the hokey pokey”. Lol	3
Your welcome.	3
Sorry actually [NAME] runs this one. [NAME] runs the daily wire. Also I didn’t see anywhere in there where she said that	4
Like any relationship... Communication is key 🔑 Oh yeah Please just be yourself	3
[NAME] i will laugh so hard if [NAME] actually bombs AS5	3
I hope we actually dont need to wait like 1 year for this. :(	3
What a REPOST! STOP REPOSTING THINGS PEOPLE LITERALLY JUST POSTED.	0
So what happened is she tried to rape you	5
I've grown to love this idea the more I think about it. It'd be amazing if it came down to [NAME] and [NAME] as the final two	3
Sauerkraut is amazing, but only as a side to a main.	3
That's a lot of commitment there. 10/10	3
That's kinda a cruel thing to say cause she's your best friend?	5
i never knew i needed this	5
Instant fucking turn off, ugh. Fuck us for wanting equality across the spectrum	0
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO	0
time flies so fast when you're 18. i didnt expect id turn 30 and still a virgin. hah	3
Should have just looked at them in disbelief and said what you don't make the police that have to work Christmas day a nice lunch. Lol	3
I agree a million percent. People on this sub are way too emotional about ghosting in early stage dating.	3
Pretty sure it's a rubber toy made to look like one	3
Ah ok, nice one. Thanks.	3
Cool reaaaaally cool and thank you verry much is all i can say and that i will do that	3
I can’t believe I’m agreeing with [NAME].	5
This gave me a bit of a wider perspective on playing my guitar, actually. So thank you.	3
Nah, you did all right.	3
I feel like that's what they both deserve, though. Thank you for the support <3	3
Oh [NAME] it's [NAME] against dinosaurs again	0
Damn liberals!	0
Loved that show, but [NAME] put me right off it. Like fingernails down a chalk board.	3
LOL SO RANDOM	3
A part of my soul died from reading that. Thank you for making me dumber from this experience.	3
> I know I should feel happy why	3
I am not expecting this to be an easy task... 😬	0
I heard some vague rumors but nothing as specific as this. Do you have a link?	5
Are you seriously this dumb?	0
If they were that good, she wouldn't have burned through 3 pairs in 3 years.	4
how'd you get into my brain???	5
Since i have no one i choose u op to reach out to I love you fellow human pls always smile friend have the happiest of lives	3
Yeah. I don't even know why I was filming lmao. I hit #1 good. Definitely a miss on #2 though.	5
well guys it was fun. [NAME] passed up the open three ffs	3
Omg this.. completely relatable and depressing.. yay for us.	4
Never doubt the crazy can get cranked up, as they say, hope for the best, prepare for the worst.	3
Did you know that [NAME] and [NAME] named one of their children after a suburb in Pretoria? How cool is that!	5
You commie bastard	0
I'm 34 and disappointing my mother is still my greatest fear.	2
Appreciate you!	3
That's so great! Plus it feels good to know I helped Pfizer make $5B last year on Prevnar 13.	3
motivation. Hope this helps you	3
This should be interesting...	3
Ahhh! good old social forced slavery... For real, good advice, thanks.	3
that's not what he's saying at that part	0
Oh my, my Japanese course is paying off! Yes that's what I was trying to say 😄	3
Whaaaat? I thought it was a perfectly normal childhood disease that posed no threat whatsoever! Why is she scared?	5
One of the 7 dwarfs is called happy	3
Are you implying that you can't take a joke?	5
I'm hoping it turns out and theres something of value but these type of things spark up from time to time so time will tell.	3
Lol same here😖	3
Yeah. Lots of clearly marked pick up and drop off areas and still people stop in the middle of the road. I dont understand it myself.	5
hell even clem would be if she witnessed it happen	0
Gonna have to say no on the last sentence lol	3
[NAME] they need a union so badly.	1
To annoy you That's the real on reason	0
"Sure glad I wasn't coming the other way when this twatwaffle decided to try his ""watch this sick drift, yo"" stunt."	3
Wow so you really are pro-abuse huh	5
Most of the people commenting in /r/Libertarian aren't libertarians, but are just there to tell libertarians how stupid and evil they are.	0
I miss mass Rez her new ult is horrendous	2
Happy New Year to you, too!	3
The fact that this hasn’t happened to [NAME] yet in this day and age is simply incredible.	3
Why did it fracture from just a kick?	5
woke take I appreciate you speaking the truth	3
Damn, you're right. I could've sworn I saw a 99% up there.	3
Pant full of turd.	4
Omg the etsy side hustle. I have time to do that, and it fulfills me so much	3
You need to look up what flaming is. Don't get offended just because I'm calling out 14 year old boys like you.	0
It is sad they didn't have a 4k highspeed camera running on this... I feel like the world lost an amazing possibility	4
Best description of online dating ever	3
But still incorrect usage of that subreddit. Shame! Shame!	0
You got the kindest heart	3
Alot more common in NY City.	3
And yet you're still not making me regret being a TV hodad when that was on and so missing it.	4
AWIL, great movie.	3
"Yeah I meant to say the purpose ofnbeing an independent is ""so one can remain annoyingly aloof about primaries and then vote any way in the general"""	0
Phoenix sunrises and sunsets have been nice the past week with all the clouds and rain - beautiful shot!	3
Seriously beautiful my man!! Is it on apple music? Really great song	3
not quite as cheap but if you already own a decent bike this kit is wel priced to convert	3
Nice try russia	3
The clothing comes in individual plastic bag from manufacture, but I do agree with the plastic packaging for the jewelry. That amount of plastic is unnecessary.	3
What do you mean	5
Lol ik it's just I wanted people to figure it out and not the bot to ruin it.	3
Yeah mate, was just being sarcastic. [NAME] after January is something else. But still, I'm happy for [NAME].	3
I’m sure if it’s crusty there’s some flavor.	3
Look into BRI countries, pretty strong overlap with them would be my guess.	3
6'3 guy who wants to be the smaller guy here, [NAME] i feel you	4
He was supposed to go to a therapist appointment but I have no idea if he actually went.	5
Probably fans of aftv. Bunch of utterly dirty cunts!	0
Nice one comrade	3
You fucked up. You trusted them.	0
Believe me when i say not having a job doesn't change anything. It's an endless nightmare being ostracized from people your whole life.	4
Not quite no. I don't pay attention to the leaks so I can't judge their quality.	0
And you're competing for moral high ground on the internet. Hope you feel accomplished.	3
ooohhh this seems quite clever, i'll try this out. thanks!	3
Well dayum that was cool.	3
You are not alone. We do not sit in this darkness alone, even though other lack of light may make it seem so.	0
I was going to say is there even such a sensor? Turns out there is...	5
If she loves the place she’s at why leave? There’s something to be said for that. Idk your all’s financial situation tho	5
Aye the party left me. Now I'm stuck in with this old boys tadger staring me in the face.	0
The Tommy Gun as a crate weapon! Just the worst feeling.	1
This is disgusting.	1
Yeah being up by 20 every game does that unfortunately	4
you give him way too much credit with this one	3
He’s not that into you. Move on.	3
I think it’s impressive. It’s actually fairly difficult to be that slick for that long.	3
I actually got banned from vanilla sites for stuff like this lol. I think the guys get offended and flag your profile lol	3
Bad news dude. You're almost 100 years past that.	4
[NAME] woke up, it was all a dream, he was really looking forward to King [NAME] visiting Winterfell. They had a good time	3
My wife is a rams fan. I don’t like them, but I think I like them more than the patriots lol	3
Well it didn’t work that well, I mean... they lost	4
Yeah I don’t see any yellow. That’s a solid bright green to me.	0
How about dumb trolls like you who only repeat your own stupid narratives and word-bending 24 hours a day	0
I hate poetry	1
I wonder if your mother is proud of the person you became	5
>No but I know that fat ass just says [NAME] man bad lol [NAME] is pretty fat. Good observation.	3
Oh look what you did! Now I have to go and get my cold cream gun.	0
Just goes to show how stupid they are	0
As someone who is not based in America and has the basic understanding of a toddler about molecular science in terms of football, why do you hate him?	5
>[NAME] loves people For dinner?	3
_warm and fuzzy feelings..._ Damn it, I'm getting all sentimental again...	4
Yeah, I don't blame you! Anything to keep a shred of sanity.	3
You're attractive. I would shag you. Worcester isn't too far from Derbyshire haha	3
Maybe the abandonment of his mother. Some people won’t see that as abusive but it really is.	5
He looks like he smells of cheese	3
I will, no worries.	3
as someone who is a big save the earth guy this is truly awesome and makes me proud to be a fan of the yankees	3
I thought you and the other person meant turtles. Which really confused me	5
Out of curiosity what line of work is he in?	5
"""A lion never stretches before it hunts."" ... Glad to see he's already on board with Green Bays injury first mindset. "	3
Jazz fan here. I completely feel. [NAME] cousins has more votes than [NAME], and [NAME] hasn't even stepped on the court this year	3
I hope Edmonton gets nuked.	3
My son brings *homework* from kindergarten. I feel betrayed.	0
[NAME] and [NAME] were awesome.	3
It’s counterfeit. Just morally wrong.	0
One day I created an email for doing online jobs. Then I stuck with the first half of the email address as my secret identity.	3
As well as this, tell others about your classes AND schedule. Your Fe might be weak but it still makes you do stuff.	3
"*""Wow""*"	3
No it's not crazy , there are parts the we still don't understand but for the most part everything mades logical sense.	0
It'll be the first game of the day!	3
I'm from Buenos Aires, and I say kill 'em all!	0
Yo, we doink'n in here?	5
"I'm so disappointed you didn't include [NAME] ""I'm standing under the source of the bull shit"" [NAME]"	4
The intent is to provide the players with a sense of pride and accomplishment...	3
But tbh, i dont think i am disgusting, but my feet still get smelly after a while	1
[NAME] some of these post i read on this sub its just getting too ridiculous	0
"""We're sorry, all circuits are busy now due [NAME] lost keys, try your call again"""	4
Appreciate the help!	3
Can confirm, playing a game of checkers is the one occasion I get to smash my wife	0
I should have said without nuts in hindsight, but this woman was ready to kill. Gotta love hospitality sometimes.	3
Why is this my fucking friend [NAME] 😂	5
Ha ha, that's absolutely fair enough. :)	3
You mean 4 of 5 dates for you already this month. Wow - do tell!	3
Omg is that cesspool where he lives?! Barf! 🤢🤢🤢🤢	5
Ex Novo has a great one on their menu and probably open.	3
Thank you for answering. It's much appreciated.	3
Just doesn't really work if the DM doesn't want it to...	0
same but with cats. Puppies are really high maintenance and make me angry when i have to take care of them.	0
Take a break then get back out there!	3
Starting?? BF4 is a lot of fun when you havent played in a while. Just faster and more immersive.	3
That poor kid. That is going to cause some issues for them as well down the road.	4
I like that!	3
Respect from me for his acting abilities! Underused, to say the least.	3
Thanks for a different perspective, this made me feel better.	3
Last time I saw it tested, it beat BO4 and was on par with Fortnite	5
Trial by jury of my peers is honestly my worst fear	2
You can assume he means in the 5 man at least in terms of how the matchup takes place.	5
I hope last night was fun enough to warrant the hassle today.	3
> If this article was/is false then the poster should be banned for life Congratulations. You just fundamentally changed how internet works.	3
I'm so happy to hear you've recovered. Can I ask: are you able to maintain a healthy, stable romantic relationship?	3
It would take something extraordinary for me to turn down a 20% raise.	5
Lol I use an apple charger that’s split in half to charge mine so I think ur fine	3
You’d be surprised how often that works though	5
I am stunned	5
This guy's YouTube channel is actually really awesome. He makes all sorts of epoxy art. His name on YouTube is [NAME]	3
They won’t. They’re just going to ignore it because fortnite makes them money.	0
That's really the only standard of your life, whether or not it makes liberals furious? Sad.	4
He's funny for sure... lol!	3
Hell yeah!	3
redemption island? I'm not judging if you like it just curious	5
Hey at least we’re still 5th after losing 2 straight.	3
I like you	3
I love [NAME] but hate Royals and wow this version is so much better for some reason.	3
Not too picky? Aha, I tried that a few weeks back. Boom 50 matches. They're as desperate as us	5
I love when they send in the wrong meat, it’s only happened to me once,	3
> If you love that you probably also love no man sky's algorithm. I loved it back then, because it was the only game.	3
The children are still being abused, neglected and treated like rubbish. White Australian policy has been horrific and continues to be horrific.	0
"With the up and coming hit single ""I have a new Daddy every week""."	3
Thank you. For what it's worth, I absolutely am an idiot. But I am making a valid argument within the context.	3
Yes, [NAME] is truly evil [NAME], his utter failure and stupidity is so beyond reason that when you mention it, it sounds beyond reason.	3
An afternoon of Big Cat vs Vol Twitter will be fun	3
Would this not be the bog-standard practice of allowing close family members to make decisions about resuscitation?	5
or a horrible night of 15/4/4	2
Thanks for saying that, it wasn't easy ... definitely sparked a long period of discussion and reflection!	3
And they sneak the bit about reckless driving and speeding in at the end as making one a prohibited person. This is absurd.	0
"Look, [NAME]! I'm a cat. ""Ffs, [NAME]. Get off the ground. You're embarrassing me."""	4
Future is bright to me!	3
The fuck? Come from nothing, now something doesn't matter?	0
Great video, not the same as the gilette ad but still full of a lot of information.	3
Everytime? So 3 times a day you rewatch the bloopers and deleted scenes? How often do you repeat, probably weekly?	5
This makes me feel better about some of my poor decisions.	3
Thanks, I wouldn't have noticed the car without it.	3
Its what keeps me going, I couldn't hurt my friends and family i love them too much	3
Can they be wrong about three things?	5
I can’t stand anything about her yet. Nothing.	0
Whoa! Very impressive. One of the better photos of Brisbane I've seen in a while.	3
And yes I also thought [NAME] was someone else too!	3
If it's an unregistered payg sim then how exactly are they going to catch anyone?	5
There are other petty crimes that can be more heavily prosecuted, like unpaid child support.	0
But it’s so hideous	1
Welcome to the club. She hit me hard 3 months ago n I'm still recovering.	5
good move. needed another lefty in the pen.	3
Competent, maybe, but erratic, unpredictable, and somewhat homicidal.	5
Thanks now I want a subway!	3
Do you find PnP or Checkers have better fruit and veg?	5
What do you hate about yourself? Here are my guesses. I need to know so I can waste your time and also make you self conscious.	5
They should prank their customers by having someone act out being given a colombian neck tie while getting a shave.	3
[NAME], my eyes are hurting from how furiously they're rolling in my sockets right now.	4
That looks so delicious! What are the beans?	3
> and no one but angry community fanboys have pushed back against his statements.	0
Then he stabbed like five cops and hid in a haystack	2
First bad melee, then off the sticks.. what next?	5
I like the head bounce. He can ask the concussion to hold his beer, it will be strong...	3
The dryer sounds like a fire hazard to me.	2
I see - thank you for the insight.	3
> I think [NAME] is the best QB Prospect since Luck 😐	3
My husband died outside the church Damn Vampires	4
"If I hear ""not sorry, [NAME]"" one more time, I'm going to start disliking [NAME]"	0
Thank you [NAME] goodnight	3
It’s too cold to go outside most of the year. Whining into webcams is all they’ve got!	4
I used to work with a guy that was always whining how tough his life was. My family this, my friends that. Very annoying	0
Feeling tacky ? You already working for [NAME] - might as well play the part haha	3
You lot are sick ! I tell you sick!! Lol	3
This game is a pain in the ass. There are few things as infuriating as getting dicked by 3s all game. Flashbacks to the 2nd Orlando game.	0
thanks man, i'll do one for him surely, im planning to make one for every player in our squad :)	3
He's practicing difficult shots too much thus loosing a feeling for easy ones.....	0
It's super funny 😂	3
That’s actually interesting to me	3
Yeah the lack of visibility of the survey likely means the survey is gonna be skewed towards people who are extremely online on this sub specifically.	3
OMG I totally forgot about that episode. What a nightmare	5
i actually like adore (maybe I’m uneducated oof) what has she done?	3
Gonna get a cheeky nandos with the mandem	3
I’ve never stolen anything to do this with an Italian accent.	0
Not evenly proportional, and not what I said. I'm talking just overall shape for proportion. I like a mom belly.... They're pretty sexy.	3
Wish we got power plays regularly.	3
Lol not gonna happen. He is just in love with [NAME]. He fell in love with her when she gave him the hand of the Queen.	5
I love hearing other peoples stories about being high as hell watching drag race or being high on this sub. Y'all are my people.	3
Just saying, don’t give up. Fight back. Do it for your patients	3
I understand what he was trying to say, but [NAME] it came out badly.	4
Great movie. Great TV show. Simply perfection.	3
Yep exactly, and he never demands the ball as well. He's afraid of it.	3
I'm starting to think im being rased by narcissists lmao	3
I don't even have a desktop PC, so I don't think being able to play on a computer will really be possible	0
Rules say no identifying information	0
Shut up 15 year-old	0
I'm so glad you got your angel back. Also she is trying to monopolize DHs free time.	3
"CREEP FACTOR MIDNIGHT ""virgins gonna be scared"""	2
I’m surprised alcohol isn’t entirely sold by the state like it is in many states in the East.	5
How did limewire make money?	5
He had another fight with cancer. I believe he is ok now but chemo is very very nasty.	3
It's already a thing though lol	3
Thanks! Going to try this the next time I'm at work	3
The one with the hot honey is also fantastic. Touch of heat and just a hint of sweet. Good food.	3
Glad your SO was helpful and hopefully you are better	3
Yeah, and [NAME] is not the guy he initially accused of murder. I'm not sure what the confusion is here	5
I don't think he was going to catch that bus if he didn't hit the pole.	0
The cynic in me is pretty sure they don't really do any of that.	3
UGH those two championship games - so many highs and lows then the ultimate high @ the end	3
Yep, hell of a listener	0
It can be entertaining and funny	3
Never will happen because of abortion legality. Party/religion over country	0
Really? Cuz hella 18 year olds with bad grades from my high school seemed to do it with ease.	5
I love how happy he looks while listening to tool.	3
Only when going to sleep, already seen them all way too many times...	5
You sure its not just the host quitting which disconnects everybody? Happens all the time and its incredibly frustrating.	0
Meh, I still rock my Burns jersey with pride.	3
I only remember one lady, interesting. Just watched it a year ago lol.	3
I like [NAME] suit less the more I see it in action.	3
i mean, at least we don't have to worry about being embarrassed that we have a small penis, I guess?	5
That’s what I’ve been doing lol but it’s one of my favorite maps and blood isn’t up to snuff with it	3
Palms had a rough game against PHL. Seems a bit off lately.	4
What a douche canoe to take advantage of you like that.	0
From red deer as well. Don't worry not all of us are ignorant and hateful.	3
Glad there's someone on here with a little sanity.	3
Very interesting to find out about small details like this. Are there any similar problems with any of the other armor sets?	5
You know I asked once and he was livid. But sometimes I wonder.	5
I scored 9 points... I totally love it that everybody is sweating ;D	3
Self-deprecating humor is mainstream now. A lot of hot people now have hobbies and personality traits that were once almost synonymous with dumpy/nerdy/ugly people.	3
That's a cute kitty :3	3
Such nice, silly, warm friends once you get to know how to act near one. You have to learn the secret scratchy place too!	3
Hedonism at it's finest	3
Shut up nerd	0
Even more of a reason to nurse on your side! :)	3
You grew up in America. Your culture was teaching your children to think and fight for themselves.	3
I’m legit cracking up at the landlord part	3
I had a fleeting thought that he sent a letter to Penthouse Fourms...lol!	3
Man I love how venezuela is a dictatorship when it has 4.5 times less prisoners per capita than the US	3
I’d go back to the 1996 season. That’s the last time we were in crazy cold territory.	3
I love how happy the dog looks in this pic. 😊	3
omg so quirky	5
It's too small of a traffic circle to make sense	0
Hey [NAME]! **TRY DRAWING TWO CARDS NOW, YOU STUPID FUCKING BASTARD!!**	0
[NAME] reinforces the pessimistic world view, I've been there and at least it was cancerous for me.	0
Thank you, this makes a lot of sense. I know i need to trust them and not try and read behind what they're saying...	3
Nope, not my department.	0
Really surprised I had to come this far down to find this!	5
Frinkiac not working for you?	4
i think it is characteristic for la liga, in germany that would be atleast +3	5
Yep, lack of proper coaching yet again. Sucks we missed out on [NAME].	4
Omgg yes [NAME] precious	3
You do know that’s the direct quote from the movie, right?	5
No, that's Generation Z. Instagram is their fault.	0
Shows you that one must never underestimate the rust caused by ACL injuries	4
I hate people.	0
Happy Cake Day 5makes10fm! Dare to live the life you have dreamed for yourself. Go forward and make your dreams come true.	3
Maybe she can bartend on the side when Back in NYC. Oh, I forgot her progressive policies put said. Bar out of business.	5
Please share lol	3
I love it	3
Thanks for the link. She actually likes some of the stuff!	3
Having that thought kind of makes you an asshole	0
Yelling anger sorrow. Not that funny to me.	0
I got I got I got...	3
Mine were huge. I wasn't comfortable until I had them reduced. Now they're awesome.	3
So that's how people get their cars sideways in those crazy pictures. I'd always wondered.	5
Now he isn't pulling enough troops out? He just can't win..	5
Exactly what I came here to write lol	3
Explain why you think it’s not. Not that I disagree, but explain your thoughts.	0
That sounds like an amazing trick.	3
No man don't you see!? People just change genders all the time and celebrate how fun it is! ^^^/s	5
The true horror of modern democracy is enabling those who say pork roll to have a voice.	0
Precisely this. I don't see why this is such a hard concept for some people to grasp.	0
You are too nice. That guys angry he loses to wardens all the time.	3
Yeah personally I would’ve brought [NAME] back lol [NAME] always had trouble staying healthy	3
Man. I can't wait until my life is so devoid of meaning I feel compelled to complain in a silly joke subreddit.	0
hey, everything's okay right now?	5
We're more concerned with this mysterious group of r/atlantahawks sleeper agents downvoting [NAME]	3
Is anyone familiar with what the post was about? Im guessing it was on the NYC hate crime?	5
Thank you. [NAME]	3
Oh wow. Except gillette i haven't used aby P&G products in years	5
I hope google does this so that everyone would leave them already.	3
:( im sorry	4
No. I've been bashing it for its very noticable issues that have plagued it for 3 years that the cw wont fix.	0
No, it's hard to come by!	0
a mad men fan? nice. unfortunately i dont have any idea where to get this at.	5
Hate this guys videos	0
Oh no, [NAME] baby! WHAT is you doing?	5
Cheers to you	3
Do hope you're going to let that poor, traumatised boyfriend know. Sounds like he's had more than enough abuse already	3
Been sober this entire year. Still not sure what to do with my hands. Might become a cigar guy. Gotta tweak on something ya know?	5
Then do it [NAME]. It's basketball. You can do whatever you want out there.	3
lol out loud	3
love that they're giving Spicy P a chance	3
No dude! Don't you get it?! Women are like cats! /s	0
Cloning shouldnt recreate sensitivity to the Force.	0
Ah I see, thanks. I struggle with the order of the sentences in English from time to time, so I'm glad for any help :)	3
Boom. Sand. Great image	3
What's your complaint?	5
Ooh I like that one :)	3
To bad for you.	4
we just don’t match amazon at all to avoid this sort of thing.	0
love seeing his kids too more [NAME] and [NAME] pls!!!	3
So it isn’t pretty much the same? Glad you think I’m right then.	3
Luckily I don’t like beer so I don’t have to worry about that.. but my love for bread more than makes up for that!	3
Oh, I mean I guess he’ll run if he loses. But do you think he will run if he wins?	5
Hopefully [NAME] has a chance to get some decent Exotics as a free agent	3
Aren't they concerned about your weight now?	3
Probably but if we spread the word, hopefully we will get some people on there	3
So pretty! Great piping!	3
Oh good lord what did I create	5
We will never survive with 5% unemployment with moderate growth and a continued house building program to correct supply. Sounds horrendous	2
>it is fleshy I am horrified to learn that my flesh is fleshy	2
That poor mercy. Just died to die again xD	4
I use 3 different credit unions and all of them are great. Used Wells Fargo for a short while and hated them.	3
That's a curious thought, the science of our worries. Does that fall under psychology? Btw, fun pic on your profile!	5
Gotta cast a wide net to get those sweet, sweet clippings.	3
Actually, if anything, my dad always comments about how honest and straight forward my generation is compared to his generation.	3
You're welcome! I wish her the best.	3
Thanks man, appreciate it :D	3
I don't think there is any correlation between sugar and hyper behavior.	0
It’s common in business but it’s nice to see an organization have respect like that (unlike the Stars owner).	3
Umm, zoom out. The ICO was $0.30. I only put 0.5 BTC into it then though. Wish I did more.	3
Disconcerting how much I see this guy’s trash propaganda on my reddit feed	4
You're beautiful! Your sister is a great photographer too, this photo looks so natural!	3
Ohhhhh, you're good.	3
At least she had a great experience	3
Ah, I work 9-5 :( but I appreciate the invite!	3
You took a HUGE risk. He paid....now be ready for payback time!	0
My anger, up 50%.	0
No femshaming, guys.	0
[NAME] making moves, as much as I still miss [NAME] I'm excited to see our teams future.	3
He’d probably be on best behavior... for a while.	3
Thank you for advice!!	3
Why would a poll showing a negative favorability rating go to her head? If anything, people should be worried this will cause her to change her approach.	0
I love people watching from the balcony here	3
It’s totally my hardest game, too! Congrats to us all! :)	3
I always thought the U was for urine .. well this is going to be awkward.	4
Wait, what? You're a gamer who's never even heard of TB?	5
Idk how tf he was able to play on pot and booze that sounds hard af to do	5
I'd like to apologize on behalf of all Azwel mains.	3
I like him	3
I love how defeatist we've all become.	3
"Exactly what I was thinking. ""Oh, I'm sorry, let me just undo that for you then"""	3
You too. Glad to hear your respectful voice again	3
"I think the saddest thing here is that he thinks ""by-my-self"" is how to write that."	4
Yeah, thank him for helping support this legislation	3
damn all you do is rate other people's submissions? worst reddit user ever, and I've been here nearly 11 years I should know	5
What are the Ajax players complaining about?	5
Interesting, I’ve never seen a barcode on any of my clothes that I can recall. I don’t buy clothes often though.	3
I like this story way better than parvo.	3
I think that’s accurate. The probably I think means maybe will get a set	3
I love this sub. You are my people. ;)	3
Let's be completely honest though it kinda doesn't	5
Thanks for clearing that up	3
You basically already know the entire series for how much they've talked about it and how brazenly they spoil it.	4
of course not, [NAME] and [NAME] were great friends and anyway, he's been dead since 2016.	4
Good luck.	3
That isn't entirely fair. We're also for harboring regular ol' right trolls, too.	0
Thank you. I hope we can both/all stay true to ourselves and not to become cynical about others due to our experiences.	3
That sounds pretty good	3
i once dipped a raw hot dog in chocolate pudding when i was dared too. it was dreadful.	1
Just learn to talk to yourself like [NAME] and you'll only be a little lonely.	3
Except IQ has been scientifically proven to have positive correlation with a variety of favorable life outcomes.	3
how was your day?	5
That's really awesome!	3
Life must be difficult for her then, I'm surprised she can leave her home. Hopefully she finds help if she wants it.	5
These are some of the most talented marbles I've ever had the honor and privilege of watching.	3
Maybe concerned about you being underweight? She is probably concerned you don’t eat enough and is trying to help you	3
A new mattress if you can swing it. Company provided mattresses are typically pretty garbage.	1
Oh good! Yeah hard to pick up on sarcasm sometimes	3
I do this when rolling haha	3
Yes, protecting women from sexual assault is offensive.	0
Thank you. I’ve been doing more research about today, there’s definitely a lot to consider.	3
I don’t know that they’re like that until the get in my feels and then BAM. Dbags	5
Her parents are raising her to be a terrible person. Fantastic.	3
It is crazy and another reason I treat going to the states with caution lol	3
Im at the game,somebody please put me out of my misery	4
im sure it's a real slap in the face	3
Well who knows what valve thinks. I don’t like Lyrical and Maut either.	0
We only seem to hate them when they espouse murderous political philosophies responsible for more than 100 million deaths. Weird, huh?	0
this is my new favorite phrasing. I've been calling it bingemas since about mid-December.	3
That book would be the biggest flop, the characters and plot are really too outrageous to be believable.	0
no not really i knew he was joking i was just clarifying what the bloke said	3
The amount of hate that [RELIGION] people get in the world is absolutely staggering.	5
I'd be ok if they didn't have a HoF. But they do so I want the deserving players from the team I root for represented	3
Dude I don’t even know what that guys deal is, but honestly, I feel bad for him	4
What if... >Valve removes date to stop the impression they were giving an ETA	5
Ya I sent one not too long ago.. I'll wait till my next try. Also I learned Sens a very crap selection for shot glasses.	0
Yeah i don't want them to know to early it ruins the fun.	4
Let's just see what [NAME] has to say about what really went down...	5
Lmao Chicago coach is letting [NAME] die, their backup would probably fare worse to be fair though	3
Fair enough. I miss working meat	3
I don't think we can threaten them with something that's likely to be illegal to convince them.	3
Nothing good can come from knowing. Just let it go and focus on the relationship in front of you	3
I can’t wait	3
Unfortunately you’re absolutely right, no doubt about that	3
> Im a milan fan I'm so sorry.	4
All my brother, I'm not talented haha I just steal the credit.	3
I've come here to chew bubblegum and to kick ass.	0
ah yes because that is exactly what has happened in mainstream politics.	3
I try to switch it up, too; probably the main reason for the post. Gets boring sometimes!	5
Great nb rimiru	3
But why tho	5
self fulfilling prophecies are always quite fascinating	3
Glad to share knowledge and you’re welcome. > father for [RELIGION] Didn’t understand this statement of yours!?	3
TOLD YOU ALL, bravo	3
You're not going to drastically improve in a day to where itll have any significance in a game hours from the postb	0
The only winner here is this guys future divorce lawyer.	3
Thanks dude. It’s honestly hard to distinguish because it’s felt like who I was for so long	3
What's it matter where this came from? It fits every content guideline and we're enjoying it.	3
What a disgusting person she is	1
My [NAME] it's a mad house over there right now. All of the posts are about letting boys be boys.	0
Who’s fucking a shark !?	0
🤷🏼‍♀️ I was wondering the same thing. It looked almost like a teriyaki.	5
Don't worry. You'll grow out of Pearl Jam.	3
Also, popcorn can't build ladders. At least, I don't think so...	0
Some dank shit DEFINITELY happened at the Ritz back in the day.	5
FYI your boyfriends fucking her too.	1
Oh shit lol I forgot to put “ashamed.”	4
In just 1 Year the user who posted this got a lot of karma... interesting...	5
I'd be terrible at this, I eat so slow.	4
Wha? I'd love more background on this.	3
I hate waking up. Being asleep doesn’t last long enough. Being asleep is so peaceful.	0
I love happy endings.	3
"She loves to scream ""[NAME]"" during anal."	3
oh I thought you were calling OP loser my bad	5
Whew. I thought no one else would recognize Mac Tonight.	3
Scripted but funny	3
*She. This was posted by a woman, apparently. Its just as disgusting either way though.	1
Well it very well could be your drug usage. You could be depressed also. So stop doing drugs and see a therapist.	3
Ya see I’m an engineer that means I solve practical problems.	3
Ofcourse. If you can debunk our arguments and stuff,, well you win. Have a nice day too	3
You can get so much money from hunting. Fishing is probably the best method if you’re grinding but I actually enjoy hunting	3
Makes it a lot less stressful tho. Regretting staying up this late tho	4
This is a very cool option!	3
The last thing you wanted for your child, but they inevitably choose it. Funny that.	3
Loved this video so much! [NAME] is my favorite and her pups crack me up!	3
Just going to step in here to ask why you keep replying if you're unhappy with his comments?	5
I'm not trolling. This push for pro vaccines just seems strange.	5
I see this guy all the time. It has a great vanity plate to boot.	3
[NAME] is awesome	3
You know you could replace republican with democratic and it would still be funny	3
I love how you worded this comment. It's like a proverb.	3
I’m glad not too much time was put into this	3
someone who believes in facts.... thankz, this was also my understanding of how income generation works on youtube	3
IMAGINE ABOUT TO LOSE TO LAKERS W/O LEBRON, I FCKING LOVE THIS TEAM	3
Now THAT'S a victory royale :)	3
Yep, had to chase and kept honking. Driver eventually stopped.	0
Japan uses anime for it all, but it does often prefix it with something like kaigai. (outside of the country).	3
It's a miracle	5
Oooff I really hope this doesn't happen 😰😨😰	3
Damn, I didn’t see any monkeys when I was there! What a ripoff.	0
I feel I should do this even after living here for 7 years, I've barely done any touristy things! Shame on me.	4
I think it was just a poorly worded title, what it meant to me was that there was a reason other than teaching kids to count.	0
She missed the part where that's her problem.	5
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **8th Cakeday** [NAME]! ^(hug)	3
Thanks, didn’t know there was a term for it. That’s how I handled the first and last episode I saw lol	3
Oh man. I feel so bad for her, but am morbidly curious at the same time. Got more pics?	5
Never seen somebody project so hard in my LIFE Also [NAME] @ them directly quoting lines from the article in the comments Gives me r/iamverysmart vibes	3
Osaka making me nervous	2
Something would go terribly wrong for [NAME] causing him to have to leave. It’s how his ability works.	2
i have this comic and I love this bit!	3
SEVEN parrots? Wow. Bit of a hoarder there.	3
Wow that was a roasting... Deserved, but daaaaamn [NAME]	5
What is the story behind your account name? Just curious.	5
Palace please don’t fucking bottle this	0
HELL YEAH!!! And in only 7 months?? That’s such an achievement!	5
Become proficient with firearms and learn a second language if your in the us I'd suggest spanish	3
[NAME] is a fine woman leave her out of this.	3
This is beautiful!	3
“I got five on it” for the movie US is decent as well. They made it so creepy.	3
I fucking love ten min power hour xD	3
You are actually an idiot. Not it is not a proven fact, it is a biased stereotype. It is definitely derogatory.	0
Hahaha good point!	3
Yeah but who’s to blame when you are put into a seemingly meaningless game when all you care about is one rank. Bad system.	4
I am so sorry! I hope you are okay!	4
Born in Jersey, live in Kansas. I love my Lions. I was also 5, hated the Giants and liked the Lions unis.	3
No worries, glad I could help. Just pleased I started learning to read!	3
Yup, I must be overreacting too and it's not a big deal. It's amazing the justifications used for this nonsense.	3
So if the company announces they are recording the call, can I also record the call without telling them? Because they already know they're being recorded.	5
It was the most a receiver ever put on the Legion of Boom Seahawks though, so that's cool.	3
I dealt drugs like FIZZLE ROCKS to help my sick mom.	3
What the fuck are you talking about	0
The word nourish makes me cringe now tbh	2
Wow I guess alcoholics and drug addicts done exist either! and everyone always makes logical great decisions!!	3
She had it so good with [NAME] as his ex. Girlfriend was so freaking nice.	3
It's normal, don't worry too much about it.	3
No lol. It’s a personal preference.	3
I hate from the bottom of my heart, when animals behave like this..	0
I un-ironically love that song	3
Great, thanks :) remember, just let it go!	3
He reminded me more of [NAME] last year. His lumbering skating this year makes him look different.	5
This is genius	3
You again? I already told you this isn't the right place for this.	0
Love to see pics like this.	3
Oh, what kind of material is for comedy cemetery? I never knew it was dif.	0
No where was I blaming [NAME] for the lose but he didn’t help. I just dislike his game.	4
Tropical Oasis Liquid Multivitamin. Amazing stuff.	3
I'm so glad the Ontario government sold off that money pit. /s	3
Not happy.	4
We understand! This is a very common reaction to our study. I appreciate you suggesting it :)	3
No apologies needed, beer loving friend!	3
You'd be stupid not to do this.	0
but if it weren't that way then a corrupt police force could convict many innocents. there is no correct answer to this problem.	4
It's amazing that some people think that [RELIGION] will prevent all of this from happening.	3
I second disagreeing that they are awesome.	0
Heh, [NAME] costume love is being triggered.	3
You people are the one's who got me here! Thanks to everybody who helped me reach 80+K upvotes:)	3
Most of them don't technically breach the actual law, to my knowledge. Plenty of them are distasteful to me personally though.	0
My favorite [NAME] post-match celebration hands down.	4
I'm sorry that America funded a coup, but I get to have my Medicare. - AOC	4
I'm so broke that I'd take if you're still looking. I'm a guy though.	4
Thank you for your service o7	3
Find a girl who loves you *and* your eye holes.	3
Wow, this is my trashy goals in life. This woman is living out my dreams.	5
The problem is that rent controls and the prevention of urban infrastructure expansion is killing city renters. Which is what most cities do.	4
Why is that funny?	5
"What's the difference between ""Stop Zionist Gentrifiers"" and ""[RELIGION] Will Not Replace Us""?"	5
So if the EU sent all its refugees over the open border into the UK that'd be just tickety boo?	5
Hey thanks!	3
The whole team looks awful yet half the comments in here are still targeting one player.	0
Everybody uses your back lane. You're famous for being the local bike.	3
>as a part-time Knicks fan Join us! Become a full-time Nuggs fan!	3
Not looking for anything serious ≠ rejection	0
I’m sure you could find some unsatisfied women looking for a hook up.	3
Congrats to you!! So happy for you! wow socks is sooo nice!	3
Saved this. Not OP but I feel like you just threw me a life jacket. Thank you.	3
so cute	3
Motherfucker!!	0
Eat healthy, get as much sleep as you can, and wear a mask when the little one comes along.	3
I hope you and your retarded phone have a nice day!	3
Just cleared normal mode! I'm having a lot of fun xD	3
You are right and why you get downvoted?	4
And any form of bottom up government is also extremely susceptible to corruption. Basically, humans suck.	4
Freaking hate cats (that are like that)	0
Not sure where people get them from but I see people offering them out here and there so thought I'd take advantage	5
Yeah we're just awful. Sadly that's too friggin' true just now!	1
Agree, I avoid of the ones that do, pre-ordering any AAA is a no no now as well.	3
It's a self-identifying group, and they have killed quite a bit of people in their crusade for revenge. It's both absolutely pathetic and absolutely terrifying.	1
Minimum wage hurts small business more than it helps the poor.	4
Don’t worry, we can be crucified together 🙌🏿	3
Hey /r/Hockey Bro! Sorry about the Sens. At least this made you smile in the dark times.	4
Lucky you, some people have all the love	3
You should really go see Aquaman though. In IMAX if you can - it's breathtakingly beautiful.	3
He had been so worried that the stepmom would have a hard time integrating into the family.	2
Her camel toe is strong!	3
I find that kind of thing really funny too!	3
I didn't see it the first time and appreciate the repost.	3
2018, more disappointment.	4
That’s an interesting point, thank you.	3
Never ceases to boggle my mind how truly ignorant some people are.	0
Can't wait to die so I won't have to hear [NAME] breath in my ears 100 years from now.	0
Oh yeah, those are both totally valid criticisms. It's just that they lose me when they call him a serial predator	3
> it. Just because they're not vertebrates doesn't mean we get to kill them for amusement. It literally does though	1
This post is so true Clothes these days are so bland	3
#1 rule you don’t say it you can think it but never say it	3
This happens all the time when guys pick me up. I don’t know anything about cars. Just tell me the color	5
Have fun!	3
No problem! Happy to help :)	3
This is me today, I have to do a 1-2 MINUTE presentation and I’m freaking out about it	0
Thank you and I try to keep our contact at a minimum.	3
I'm more surprised the dash cam was functioning properly. Usually around these incidents 3 of them were not recording and one had the lens cap on...	5
Happened this afternoon, January 21, 2019 in the Central South-East area. So frustrating!	0
Not pretty right now	0
There's something deeply ironic about spoil tagging this	5
This is exactly what happens when these fields are controlled by political ideology and not by a unbiased search of the truth.	5
[NAME] leans so far forward when he skates we love a king of physics and momentum 😤	3
I consider everyone attractive in their own way, so everyone is intimidating.	3
“Do you guys actually disagree with the idea of taking [NAME] constitutional rights without due process” [NAME] -signed a gun owning lefty liberal	0
If you take that line, any excess money you have is immoral. Tough line to tow.	0
me too! a guy a few posts up as well... I wonder how many of us we need for a class action lawsuit	5
Lol I know, right? It's unsettling how bloodthirsty some people are.	3
I would not recommend water panties, you might find things a bit squishy! ;)	0
This guy died on the inside lol	3
i don't usually 'wall of text' posts but i'm glad i made your post an exception. thank you, it brought tears to my eyes.	3
Much more badass than the union suit.	0
2018 was the worst year for Sydney Trains, I’ve lost count of the number of cancelled services due to power outages and train drivers calling in sick	4
Fuckkkkk I'm doing Psychology lmfao, am I gonna fail at life now?	0
My 3 year old is an asshole. His 8 year old sister was also an asshole at 3. It gets better!	0
Pleasure!:)	3
With punctuation like that I'm surprised you're not from Jordanhill	5
I did watch it and didn’t see the thing OP mentioned. So I am not sure what I was supposed to gain from watching.	5
Hahha i agree but i still want him to say sorry.	3
Mine once went 6 hours overdue. It was horrible. Big hugs to you. Drink all the wine you can find!	2
This is my fiancé and I hate it	1
Yes the ammo health thing really is a chore. Too much realism. we want have some fun in a realistic setting, not a simulator.	3
I know what I said son	3
I had so many avatars named after Star Wars characters on Millsbury. I miss it 😭😭😭	4
You guys don't know what you're doing to me	0
Glad I’m on my way out through ATL instead!	3
Is that his thing? (I honestly don't know what his thing is)	5
Yeah it's pretty odd how defensive some people are about my comment too	5
I thought it was funny ‍♀️	3
Ya? I don't really remember him much besides his crappy penalty shot attempt. What stuck out about him to you?	5
haha good one friend real neato joke!!!!	3
Hopefully they got a chance to see [NAME].	3
I mentioned it was only for three weeks. I know it’s not over yet.	4
"""I love ya, Mom"". Man, if I was his mom I'd knock him into next week."	3
I'm honestly surprised. We should have fallen much farther	5
Did a lousy job, my dishes are still dirty.	4
Alway protect yourself	3
I just googled the thing. Yeah thats it! I might have described it incorrectly but that looks very similar. Thanks!	3
Shamelessly stolen from Three Flavours Cornetto Posting	4
Do you want a good time or an **incredibilis** time?	5
Well that took a turn real quick!	3
My bitch dun left me All alone She took mah squeeky ball And mah rasty bone	0
The look on her face when she lies is like one I’d expect on a 6 year old who thinks he’s being cute.	5
Hijacking <---- THIS IS A GOOD THING.....chicks llike guys with balls, and chicks with balls.	3
Kinda like a thing that comes out of the ground and it smells nice, I think. Cannot confirm	3
The worst thing they risk is having to become a worker.	0
I agree. Your last sentence is definitely a better way to word it	3
I remember hearing a story about this type of highway camaraderie once from a trucker who helped a woman escape a man... wonder if it was your mom	5
Thanks for the laugh	3
Previously it wasn't working, now its fine though	3
Yeah I had a lot of respect for him in that moment.	3
my soul has long been destroyed :( it’s over for us nosoulcels	4
where did they even find that photo	5
Totally. I loved when she used air quotes for the word “fiancé.”	3
So sorry that was his response. I hope you're able to get free soon so that you can begin to heal and move on.	4
Did that EVER work? Why did [NAME] keep going to that play over and over again when it resulted in 4th down after 4th down?	5
Obligatory fuck the dodgers	0
I feel that way about [NAME] antis saying [NAME] and [NAME] antis saying [NAME]. But I’m also terrible and laugh every time I see it.	3
You people really overestimate how much welfare actually covers. You act like one child is making six figures and giving their entire family an MTV Cribs lifestyle.	0
Stop. How can you watch [NAME] these past years and think he has 2-3 years left.	0
I read that as [NAME]. Lol	3
It's nice, but there isn't much there :p	3
I am the proud owner of a Vernon Gholston jersey. My wife got it for me as a Christmas Gift our first year dating....	3
lol [NAME]	3
Out of all the seasons I definitely feel the worst for her	1
Hope you feel better and you’re on the way a speedy recovery.	3
Wait, what? Lol. Weak call. I'll take it.	3
Or just shoot them. Shooting annoying people is why guns exist.	0
Shrug, ndp is still going to lose. I don’t really care how many there are.	0
Isn't that what most of the old people forced to rot in assisted living facilities want?	5
I am bored of [NAME]. Next celebrity chef!	4
Wasn't expecting these feels man. I'm so sorry for your loss!	4
Shits me no end mate, good on you for doing something	0
Haha came here to say this, that shit spun me out right proper it did!	3
Fantastic, good for [NAME] white. Poor [NAME].	3
"Justifying a potential rape because ""it's [NAME] and she should feel thankful,"" Wow. "	3
No, I'm anti racism.	0
Brush your teeth and neither of these smells will be reduced by chewing a napkin. But it's funny to convince a friend at a bar that it'll work	3
you are my inspiration, read my last post quickly!	3
I’ve never cringed so hard	2
that's the point	3
Still an ad hominem and not a legitimate argument or counterpoint :)	0
Beautiful picture!	3
He takes so much abuse...and i appreciate it's him and not butcher or severson tight now.	3
Cant talk about the a***a	0
You made yourself useless playing their game instead of forcing them to play to your strengths	0
So? Sometimes it feels good to be petty, especially when it comes to an ex	5
Me whenever I wear heels lol I literally look around to make sure no one is watching then proceed to do my penguin like walk 😂	3
Fuck the rangers	0
Yea, I saw him live in Stockholm. It was awesome!	3
You smug fuck	0
Oh you'd prefer if I used this pic instead? I understand.	3
LONDON I honestly don't even understand this one	0
Yeah [NAME] has won worlds	3
I love these blobs, would have done the same thing	3
This may be the first thing I've seen on here that actually made me laugh instead of just an amused nasal exhalation.	3
I like your style B)	3
Nope, real serious disease affecting real people, including the person you first replied to.	0
This song was my jam in 2018. [NAME] bless you.	3
The incorrect number of O's has depressed me	4
Go in appropriate attire with several copies of your resume and list of references! Good luck!	3
If they are going to do this why not just have individual bathrooms with locks on the doors.	5
Nah man presses, but good ones... the pharma kalmas are long gone bro, here in Australia anyway	3
Overall I'm 'gifted' but my processing speed is still below average	4
Lol, exactly what a failure would say.	3
Good for you- take it to the next level! Congratulations	3
I’ve made candies almonds and cashews in a slow cooker before. They’re surprisingly not mushy or soggy.	5
Also hate the little 2 wheeled zapper	0
I don't really understand this video and the motivation behind it. It doesn't make sense to me.	5
Best comment ever.	3
I'm so glad Mercy's have to actually try now.	3
What crap An issue with developing on byte ball is that no one knows what the bloody hell byte ball is	0
[RELIGION] Match all the way! I met the love of my life :-)	3
Just give him his damned complete control of government and media. Just give him his damned concentration camps. give him his damned Final Solution.	0
PowerPoint would be nice	3
what are the grey states	5
Thanks a lot [NAME] /s	3
No spelling and grammar errors. Oh my [NAME] better than the other repost.	3
Because it’s possible. My partners mother had it and she passed very young as a result.	3
Agreed. Personally I don’t understand meeting up for just sex, but I still don’t judge those who do it.	3
Oh man... my grandparents on both sides of the family have passed away and it was tough... we’re here for you	4
There would be a lot of sexual tension in faze...	1
Better scoop it up quick. Lots of hunters out there lol	3
"Oh, I stand corrected -half a million people is ""almost no one"". Bloody hell mate. "	0
"This is so crazy pessimistic. A generic [NAME] will win with plenty of room to spare, the problem is that ""generic"" candidates don't exist"	0
Best pen in baseball, even though I'd still take [NAME] over [NAME].	3
If you’re talking about 玛雅, I checked and they’re permanently closed. It’s a shame since the location would have been perfect.	4
Lmao “now everyone *has* a job”	3
That's great, keep fighting the good fight!	3
I crave nuts and nut butter all 👏 the 👏 damn 👏 time. I think my body know they’re calorie and nutrient dense 😂	3
Embrace the feels my friend. Glad you found happiness even if it is fleeting.	3
Thank you! That is the goal!	3
The diagonal photo is killing me. Why is it like that?	0
So long, and thanks for all the fish.	3
He’s such a pervert.	0
Now that's a beautiful cake but that's way way WAAAAAAY too much icing for me... Added a good 5 inches to the cake damn!!	3
Worst president ever.	0
For sure...sometimes I feel like I will just evaporate into nothingness as the stranger in the mirror looks on.	4
We have seven fucking billion and more people bork every day !!	0
Oof... I mean I definitely welcome a dramatic population decrease but I wish we could've done it in a more intentional manner *before* irreparably damaging the environment	3
"He didn't ""die"". The dude behind pink guy doesn't want to continue being pink guy"	0
[NAME] would benefit if he could help end the broken two party system.	3
Lol I learned how to train on the app no joke	3
This stressed me out	2
Good bot.	3
Yes that is so true why didn’t I think of that	3
Hahaha, that's true for all their series.	3
This is truly terrifying.	2
Nope. I’m not wrong. Flipper superficially inflate housing prices without substantively contributing to their value.	0
may I direct your attention to the aforementioned “tin foil conspiracy”	3
nah, my face is the farthest thing possible from cute ;-;	0
Are you queuing with him and is your account a high level? Because if that is the case I suggest you make a Smurf.	3
Oh, I see. I must have mis-read that. I am sorry.	4
I’m so jealous	0
You've been a sad boi around here for the last week straight, you'd do well to take a break.	4
"I love the need for HAES and setpoints and special illnesses in normalizing fatness - because it's not like they can comfortably label marginalization ""gluttonophobia""."	3
Correct What the fuck is the AAF is what im asking.	0
The father clearly ran away lol	3
This stuff is very effective tho its weird smoking the quarter of a gram gets you going	3
Seems like an odd hypothetical question to ask.	2
True. You always gotta be careful. It's pretty sad actually. I feel used and abused.	4
I don't envy people who earned what they have. I respect them. I'm jealous of people who are born or marry into money.	3
Honestly don't know why they are still working so hard on this trade, really need another starter.	5
I’ll try to follow your advice. Thank you very much for your kind answer and your prayer. I’ll pray for you too.	3
I love how [NAME] touted the Hong Kong model as something beneficial. What a joke.	3
Glad your happy but also what	3
its ok, glad i watched the show, i enjoyed it.	3
Surprise! That fat woman you see on the bus every day is actually this generation's [NAME].	5
I believe this is called Darwinism - the suicide by Tide pods anyways. The murder part with the blindfolds is just tragic.	3
Came to say the Ravens. I always pull for them no matter what for your laid or reasons. Plus their black and purple jerseys are so nice.	3
Was that really the best option in KC? Those games looked super empty even with 20k in that stadium.	5
I wonder why they're single?	5
What the fuck is wrong with this?!?!?!??? FUCKKKKKKKK!!!!!	0
Thats a red flag that you're a big part of his son's life after 5 months. This all seems very immature, both you and him.	0
[NAME] damn, that is the kind of biting commentary I enjoy.	3
Life is just an endless series of disappointments and no one gets out of here alive.	3
By [NAME]! By [NAME]! It's the grand Champion!	3
Said there must be something in the water when talking about the oilers issues	3
When I'm the fifth Hokage I'm gonna make sure no one has to go through that sort of abuse! Believe it!!	3
Thank you. Very very much	3
[NAME] office just denied it	0
I like Tom and Kato.	3
np, good luck	3
[NAME] rosenbrook? Is this woman mental. Why does she use these names?	0
This man... This man is doing [NAME] work!!	3
At least you have some girl to talk with at work.	3
Tbh I don't quite get the hype behind [NAME]	0
So glad to hear they got banned. Can't believe adults can still behave like that.	5
[NAME] wore shoes and killed millions. For [NAME] like me, people who wear shoes have become a symbol of hatred and murder.	0
Can I just tell you how much I've enjoyed your constant dunking on this guy? Like holy crap.	5
Break ups are painful and there’s no way to avoid that. Be honest with your current girl and end it.	4
Goodness, If you carry on saying mean things like that you might just hurt my feeling.	4
I'm kinda afraid to ask but did anyone reply?	2
What a load of old shite.	0
your vehicle is pretty!	3
Thank you...	3
if your former manager is receptive in re-hiring you, it's a positive first step. your email is fine. good luck!	3
great win leading into memphis. everyone contributed, awesome team basketball and defense throughout	3
In the shower, years after it's happened and everyone else has forgotten about it.	5
Rough comment to read but glad I did. Thanks for the write up.	3
I hate when MoonWolf1-799 is taken.	0
My wife enjoys marking me. We just make sure they are below the collar line.	3
Brah me and my fat family would of loved all that butter.	3
Good lord I can only hope so. Time will have to tell.	3
Yeah, i dont know bout you guys, but my parents were pretty anal about my room being clean.	3
I did the same thing in school. Thank [NAME] for the library. Are you anxious about how your brother and sister would react to that?	3
Its not about not making the All Star game, that's for sure	3
Both teams played fantastically defensively, just because it’s not a 10 goal game doesn’t mean anyone played badly.	3
Fair enough. I would suggest practice but it seems you've got that under wraps. Gd luck out there.	3
That was 1 scene and I think was more about her sense of powerlessness in the situation	3
Interesting that's what I usually do... Are you me?	3
I haven’t actually watched it. Who got featured?	5
"I knew the punchline as soon as I read ""Tide Pods"" and I hated both myself and you for it. Take your upvote."	0
Oh my goodness, I'm so glad you were there too. You made his day suck a little less.	3
HOW DID I NOT THINK OF THIS	5
i love you.	3
25 m from Canada! out for 10 years now! I'd love to make a new penpal!	3
This might be the most NYC fit I've ever seen.	3
Hi [NAME]. Nice to meet you, I'm promet.	3
Lol I have my moments!	3
These posts must make people want to be security guards.	3
Yup, he's still one of the strongest turtles in the game though. Eventually you're gonna have to attack.	3
So you wouldnt keep [NAME]?	5
I’m not gonna lie guys, if we help a team break their 9-game losing streak I’m gonna be pretty upset.	4
It’s all the anger, it ages her terribly	0
I was tripping balls my first time.	4
Lovely day we're having.	3
I didn't mean the entire show is shit. I meant that season 4 was a shitshow.	0
To me the cringe is the American woman's love for his fascism. (since no one knew what was happening to the [NAME] in 1936)	3
Doctor is Spy! ~Grunt, too late.	5
I Wish the answer were that or simple	3
Your age difference is incredibly creepy.	1
thats one impressive car!!	3
Crazy how [NAME] put out his first album at the tender age of 1	3
Okay, enough me being a great mom.	3
IVE NEVER BEEN MORE PROUD TO CAMPAIGN FOR A CANDIDATE!! I stg im so happy shes my congresswoman! finally dumped comstock!!!!	3
But that makes even less sense. The government is having a hard time collecting taxes, therefore people are poor?	5
I'm shocked. You mean to say the economic model adopted by every single financially successful country on the planet actually works? /S	5
Nope. No joke. Also happy cake day	3
The supplement industry is another scam. Multi billion dollar industry. Stop wasting your money on GNC prework out drinks and go straight to the real source.	3
No worries! Hope you enjoy it as much as I have! :)	3
Eh for the right money you cant go wrong letting the kid earn it	3
Freedom? Not in New 2013 and it’s gotten a lot worse since	1
I didn’t realize! I’m pretty new here. Should I check the website?	3
I would like that.	3
Mate, just stop. You’re being an embarrassment.	4
Whooo!! She waited... then paused the. Went in!! Oooooohhhh the shade!!!!!	3
It's not uncommon for OTPs to not use their mics or stay out of chat all together because of all the flame they get.	4
We really need to go on some sort of winning streak	3
Ok? Why the spammy post?	5
Where else was he going to hang his sash up?	5
I really wish I could scroll through comments with the video still playing.. sigh	3
aw momma big hugs.	3
Lol hokay guy.	3
Thank. Regardless, the fact that you can stay at 1mg kpins is fantastic	3
Im more impressed with the non-toxic team work! Good job!	3
Happy one week anniversary	3
Beating OSU some how lol	3
This is what we have for emergencies. It’s great and takes the 1 lbs canisters that are super cheap and easy to find.	3
Must not hit opponents on the first frame then. My mistake	5
Not an RFA my dude	0
Try some other banks, maybe smaller ones, and good luck! Maybe get that deposit up a bit more, and borrow less.	3
Wow your post history is toxic.	3
I am 33 and I still regret things I said in the 5th grade.	4
maybe. Id praise her for it though. In a world of... instagram beauty... its refreshing when someone is just themselves	3
Hmm... I don't think EPCOR is the reason the oilers suck	0
What does ‘open border’ mean to you? Honest question because I may be confused by what it means	5
Whales have excellent hearing. I couldn't imagine how it is hearing loud ass sonar.	3
The Dude looks great. I always get worried when I see [NAME] play these haggard characters. But he's just that good.	3
You can start your life over any time you want. I think the secret is to not let failure keep you from trying again.	3
Totally hamberders the President, thank you	3
at sunset i want to bang my wife there on the rock	3
Well, i was hoping it didn't run flat.	3
Not saying it's bad. It just initially looked like the kinda thing you use in resection to stuff	0
Just out of curiosity are you in the military?	5
[NAME] damn I love [NAME].	3
It is an absolutely horrible ultimate I agree after 400 hours on doom I still hate it	2
I know what you mean. I'm actually looking for a [NAME] irl. That's hard to find...	3
If I tried that I would lose badly, get laughed at, and be back at square one.	0
Haha, this is hilarious.	3
"I disagree with everything after ""job."" "	0
Like....what even is the purpose of that lie? Ahaha	3
Thank you. I saves your comment, to buy this book when I get outta the field	3
Hopefully that's patched soon.	3
Come on. Foul or not, that was a great move	3
You’ve done us a good service	3
That looks lovely, but what’s the mutant on the top?	3
Pleased to meet you. Hope you guess my name.	3
Yep - I was meaning for that to be rhetorical. And thanks, I'm looking out for numero uno!!!	3
Someone will actually spend their money on this too, that’s the sad part	4
Seahawks themselves are insufferable, so I would prefer a Dallas win. If only they both could somehow lose simultaneously...	3
Not really, the save file has nothing to do with the engine.	0
I understand that they're meeting a demand I just don't think meeting that demand is a social good.	0
> Crab Rave Ayyy I've never seen this before I kinda wanna go but seems scary.	2
Lol. That's exactly what I said. Yep. That's it.	3
The best thing about it is that it's tons of people that didn't know he existed 2 months ago and have never watched him play.	3
migration lol	3
Only an idiot would visit places like China or NK. Arbitrary abductions and detentions against foreigners have happened for a long time now.	0
I feel so much safer when my doctors are only abusing prescription medication... /s	3
Haaaa! That's awesome! Sounds like my town, Alamogordo, New Mexico.	3
I can't do it anymore today, I'm out.	4
Good for you. But ignoring [NAME] situation makes the article pointless.	3
Yeah I don’t think [NAME] wants you to fuck my wife/his girlfriend anymore you cuck	1
I'm sorry. I wish I could give you more hopeful answers.	4
How did this not get marked as meta? Tried posting something similar here and it was instantly flagged as “meta commentary about the sub” and blocked.	5
Nah, you should have just listened when I tried to warn you about fake	4
I'm sorry that I pay for music now to support these small artists. I know I'm a monster but I will try to be better.	3
I am glad I wasn’t the only one. I thought wow they’re really gonna get it for this one	3
He wants to make excuses for his affair and I doubt you'll feel better after listening to him. In fact, you may actually feel worse.	1
Sorry I was being facetious	4
### Because Shaggy IS such a powerful being	3
It's ok I still have no idea how to add	5
This is about as unacceptable as the subject can get.	0
The tactical alliance between PYD and the US doesn't fit the characterization of intervention. That's also not relevant to what the hashtag is about.	0
This is a pure salty thread. Congratulations, dear Sir/Madam.	3
Yeah knew that as well but i dont know wich color is the best to use though. Is purple the best choice?	5
Short answer, you can’t. Your making that sacrifice	0
To be fair I was in that crowd and there was barely any room to move.	5
I need to save this for hipster resistance supporters	3
TIL iguanas can be pretty cute	3
This is true...	3
Wow it looks like we held our own negotiating here, nice to see.	3
Please show me where you provided any evidence to back up your claim?	5
Oh look, someone who doesn't understand how living languages work.	5
"Don't fight reactionary idiots in public sure sounds a lot like ""sit down and shut up"" to me"	0
Damn you, [NAME]. I’m a woman and yours are bigger than mine. It’s not fair!	0
It really didn't. You were the one who came out hurling insults around. Are you projecting? 😂😂😂	5
I think this is next on our list, thanks!	3
That really sucks. How old is your baby?	5
"OMG its youuuuuuu u/Sippinthatminttea. I remember you 😆 😆 😆 ""interesting creature"" 😋 😂 "	3
The app trio is the only thing worthwhile there. Won ton tacos +boneless wings + spinach dip and I'm a happy camper.	3
Comic sans to seal the deal. Love it.	3
"Lol OK. I guess we'll skip over the ""generally accepted"" part of the definition cuz why not, eh?"	3
Orange fan sad. :(	4
Not sure why you're being downvoted	0
believe me, it almost did for me. if i was a woman my panties would have dropped instantly. lol	3
Made me laugh, tbh.	3
Y’all need one of those world famous mascots. Your top at producing those.	3
Indication of questionable parenting perhaps. Encouraging this reaction seems a bit tacky. Not respectable, if we're truthful here.	4
Part of me want to see the rest but the other part of me realises he's probably cold	5
Funny. I take mine out of the hair tie and leave it down or in a loose clip.	3
I almost feel sorry for the poor fellow because, to me, the fingers still look abnormally stubby	4
Oh my god Del Monico. Horrific. Even the ambient smell in the hallways makes me gag.	2
I've heard of Ne Obliviscaris and the Ocean. I'll check these out, thanks!	3
I will read these articles. Thanks for sharing.	3
Oh yes the dreaded Sabres second period:(. I hope they win tonight.	3
Oh goody, another idiot trying to tell other people what we believe. You are trolling, end of fact.	0
Oh dang I hadn’t even looked at her face!	4
How many gallons do we need is my favorite so far. The sad part is that it was always pleasant.	4
Hope your surgery goes well and a quick recovery!	3
The fact their team is stacked makes me hate them, along with [NAME] being a dirty player. Also they are in our division	0
Trust me, I'd love to have foreskin but there's some sort of weird thing going on here involving circumcision.	3
BUT 3 MILLION VOTES!	5
I couldn’t believe my ears. she’s unbelievable.	5
"""You're right. Things are boring. You should find someone who isn't boring. I will too."""	3
Policing is inherently coercive. Anyone who opposes coercive authority must by definition oppose policing.	0
it's kinda cute	3
I didn't know that they had that on there lol. Are those the kind of shows that you're into?	3
When are you and dad going to pop out a few baby-mammas for us boys, huh? And that's the *less* disgusting alternative. Blech!	1
I second this sentiment! This has bothered me since the beginning and I don’t know if she really grasps how incredibly offensive this is!	3
I was wondering the same thing	5
Very suspicious...	5
If my dog were as ugly as you, id shave its butt, and tell it to walk backwards	0
Nice try GRU.	3
I feel like there's some shenanigans in place here.	3
Saw a video on Instagram from my friend that lives in Longmont. The snow looks so pretty. Do want.	3
Lol let me do you one better, what FPS games have EVER had built in aim assist with controller on pc?	3
"I instinctively thought that meant ""That's gotta hurt"""	3
Every YouTube comment: [NAME] is beautiful and perfect how dare [NAME] and [NAME] breath near her, the production are forcing them on us.	3
Can you link in the full posted videos where they yelled about the wall ? Thanks.	5
If you use one of those two I automatically hate you	0
Some girls will like you, some girls won't. The end.	3
May you find and skin the perpetrator. My apologies to your family. ❤	4
She isn't disrespectful like [NAME] but she's also a cheater and she's making ridiculous excuses for her cheating	0
"Each Dark Souls game has been voted ""Most Likely to Result in Controller Damage""."	0
Wish this applied to TPS's	3
This was beautiful!	3
This is horrible. I just have one question about your title. Are you implying that hate as a concept is always a bad thing?	5
Sorry to hear that, I hope you're doing better now.	4
Proud [NAME], proud European. There are at least 16m of us.	3
I called an ambulance for my friend without knowing it was against her wishes. She never blamed me but I felt really bad about it.	4
I read his book. I liked it. Sensible advice, and he's a good writer with an interesting background.	3
Omg I'm so dumb I didn't even think of it like that.	4
Np good luck!!	3
"It just has to be ""unequivocal and unconditional"". ""Good faith"" was from the Advocate General opinion, not the Court."	3
That and i realized that i have many lucid dreams where i know that i am dreaming. I never had lucid dreams before nofap	5
Behavior I'd consider deeply immoral without showing true remorse (I'm talking rape, torture of animals, that sort of thing).	4
Holy shit that SSP was beautiful	3
[NAME].	3
I discovered this channel last night! She has a video on Harry Potter and the end of history that’s really good.	5
I was love bombed, then ghosted... and it broke me	3
Ah yes, Plastique Tiaras drag race, thank you so much izzy....noriega <— That explains alot!	3
"I laughed so hard at that episode, I remember my parents coming into my room asking ""What happened, are you ok?"""	3
"The amount of actual debating about who is ""best girl"" is fucking ridiculous Jeez, y'all need to chill"	0
I don't play assassins much, but I love playing Rat.	3
Also [NAME] just tweeted about voting for [NAME] as well, they truly do love him	3
Curse them out.	0
>We must invade Brazil to protect the Amazon rainforest from the fascist [NAME] Retards on r/worldnews	3
Interesting situation. You're actually supporting a strong awesome woman, but everyone who sees you is just gonna think you're a misogynistic psycho.	3
Had no clue what they were but first thing I realized is how bad the logo is	5
Or they just don't understand why cats do that with kittens.	0
not sure why your rhetorical question got downvoted.	5
You know what’s ignorant? People who spend their free time making themselves look like a belligerent, disputatious assholes. Find something better to do.	0
>very creepy horror-themed Very accurate description and only from a few second piece of an audio recording	2
We like what we like.	3
Mate imagine reacting so poorly to be called out to calling anyone who has been discussing ozil and sven unreasonable.	4
I'm REALLY glad the guy saved him but seeing him so pitiful and scared really lingers with me. :(	2
LOL this lasted long.	3
Since their job is to keep us safe, I would argue that it is very important.	3
I dont think [NAME] or [NAME] said a word during this exchange. Like umm, yeah we actually love our wives and want to be with them.	3
Right? It was frustrating (and concerning) that he used such bad reasoning when his job is to curb phishing :/	0
You're a great dad.	3
I'll miss [NAME]	4
lmao i just laughed so hard at this, screw yates	3
Alright, thanks for that tip! <3	3
Vamos [NAME], keep fighting!	0
maybe post the article since it's already out lol	3
"Haha, my mind started quoting ""the standard of truth has been erected..."""	3
"Couldn't really fit this as a ""how to,"" does that mean I have to go to jail now? Source: "	2
My home equity rose 120k in the 3 years since i bought it. Just saying	3
It makes me feel good. Wholesome is a very subjective thing.	3
Gungrabbers? You act like they're busting in your door and taking your guns. No one is forcing you to do this.	0
True Story! That's the sad Part of it...	4
So cute!	3
This is disgusting.	1
She already is. The darling that WTA so badly needed with the talent to back	0
Twas a joke ❤️	3
Well I hope so, I work in a pawnshop in a not great part of town and I'd love to be able to carry	3
This article gives the details	3
Amusing considering she isn’t a mom.	3
Oh. Thanks. I was too lazy to read the [NAME] and just presented my opinion. My bad	3
Hmm ... Vancouver is not on the list? that's interesting ...	3
I'm not surprised to read this within the sub it's in. Bunch of knuckle dragging storm troopers WOULD be angry to see people liberate themselves. XD	0
Every time I see a something like, 'thanks for nothing, [NAME],' I mentally apologize to her, lol.	3
I’m sure losing obj will help [NAME] get out of his slump, or help develop whichever rookie qb they bring in.	3
Thing is, some fans will *never* be happy. There is nothing that can be done to please them. That's the problem.	4
Damn rui lol. Serving looks.	3
"The real power move is to write ""Have a nice day"" even if you lose."	5
No I’m happy to spend big on myself. I’m not happy to spend my money on layabout benefits claimants.	3
That’s kind of what we feel. But yeah $12 an hour, cost of living sucks though.	0
I may have awful taste, i would want this cake	1
There's a surprising amount of [NAME] in this thread.	5
I'm flying home to stl tonight. Land at 8pm. Have to get all the way down 44.....fuck.	0
I didn’t like that blue & yellow until you said [NAME].	0
Yay we start off with the love triangle!	3
Excellent analysis!	3
"[NAME] is like ""Mine! AALLL MINE HAHAHA"""	3
Absolutely insane documentary. I actually thought it was a parody at one point but it’s all real.	3
Great pass by [NAME]	3
Maybe 10-12 years ago lol	3
It's the top comment. How weird.	1
"""cool little surprise"" ow youtubers: NEW HERO NEW SKINS NEW MAPS NEXT WEEK?!"	5
This dog is so cute	3
Does this mean anything for the stability of Taiwan? Im going there in a month on a school field trip that could easily be canceled.	5
I mean, yeah, I'd complain a little. But then I'd eat the crap outta that.	0
Does southern miss have another gunslinging qb with a funny name?	5
That looks like the Galt House hotel in Louisville. Is that right?	5
i love this i am big fun of cross over and Lore Skin	3
Hahaha aww Noo I love Belfast! One of my favourite cities hands down	3
My [NAME] is pretty cool too	3
Enough already. I'm sorry that the breakup is going to be painful, but you can do much better.	4
That was quite the read, very good story!	3
Its soooo cringy that I had to watch it again	4
Sorry it was late at night. I fixed it.	4
Then who is it? I've mixed results with all fighters, but I definitely lose to [NAME] the most.	5
honestly i don’t mind it but ik some people do and i rly don’t care enough to get into that	0
I cant help it if i dream abt it damn	0
Closing in on $300,000 now, this stream is incredible.	3
Sorry for your loss mate	4
I can't delete my account, so I'm just gonna edit the post itself. Thank you for your help!	3
This. Thank you.	3
I guess I've never seen that written out. Thanks for the correction.	3
2weeks ago?	5
Yes, you're supposed to keep it. Like I said, its only when the voice gets out of control that you should start to worry.	3
"If that's a euphemism for ""emotional thinking"" then I agree with you"	3
Obviously not real but damn i wish it was.	3
For the [NAME] I always love our deep ACC Tourney runs. I’d love a regular season championship though	3
I'm too late to rub this into all the casual's faces. :(	4
That is a great idea! I will propose in in my next session.	3
It's so focused on the presenter and he is so unengaging it's painful.	4
I've had such bad memories, I remember when I remember bad times now! Haha	4
"But 80% of the time they go back to ""single"" (or just remove the relationship status), so no worries."	3
I hate u i love u.. best song that describes that	3
My aunt can also be very intimidating when she needs to be. It's her super power.	3
And, what happened...	5
Open borders, free healthcare, free college, no taxes or guns. Did I miss any of the dream? Oh yes, regulated speech too.	5
So birds and limes are bikes. Wow, TIL.	3
very interesting - I’ll have to read up on him - thanks :)	3
I have a wery gweat frwiend in Wome, you know.	3
Thanks. I’m not sure your response is a proper attempt at answering the question.	3
Always wanted to try [NAME], I'll add her to my list.	3
I’m so glad I’m not the only one with this stuck in my head now!	5
SUBSCRIBE TO PEWDIEPIE OR I WILL HACK YOUR REDDIT ACCOUNT!!!!!!	0
Quite surprised I wasn’t on there	5
Less frugal, right?	5
Great shot!	3
Thank you, have never been to a church and couldn’t have know it is called a pew.	3
ONLY FUCKING MERRILL WOULD MISS THAT	0
Might as well give Baron [NAME] a shot. He stepped aside for [NAME], he probably deserves a real shot now.	3
I know and I think that's a lot more impressive/interesting. :)	3
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **2nd Cakeday** slumbishop! ^(hug)	3
It's not vague at all. No one aside from slave owners thinks anyone has a rightful claim to another persons life.	0
Good luck!	3
I remember reading this on a rage comic site 7 years ago hahaha!	3
Now you tell me! I’m heading at high speed towards a one-third-life crisis and need a change.	0
Thanks. 22-23 is about when Chabad bochurim tend to do semichah. And it's officially always done before marriage.	3
Absolutely, yes. I could not feel better right now, and I could not have felt worse yesterday.	3
OMG. The company logo reminded me of something. AAAAAAAAAAAH.	5
So you ignored the part I was clearly responding to, though, and decided you needed to explain the other thing. That makes sense to you?	0
Newcastle too. Fake snow news!	0
I don't know who is dumber here.	5
I didn't realize CPO was an add-on available, I just saw their advertising. Thanks!	3
I hate that. PC is way better for using the internet. I also hate how all the important features for the website missing on phone version.	1
Thank you! In Germany and was sick of waiting and wondering	3
No fuck that guy. I'm actually relived he was shot. Sounds like a sack of human garbage	0
This was a beautiful moment for the FT coming together	3
I wear pantyliners mostly every day now due to my random spotting, it helps but I feel the odor is seeping through my clothes. Thanks for the suggestion	3
I wish I could get this kind of funny stuff sent to me on Snapchat. All I ever get are bobs and vagene.	3
Thank you for the support! Hope to see you in the chat!	3
Rofl this pysyk kid is a disgrace	3
The last few years have really woken me up to how *misleading and harmful* journalism is to our society.	5
As bad as the session was, I really do love your drow bard she sounds super fun to play with	3
Oh sorry, I'll do that.	4
Thank you :D	3
Ooof girl...I thought this was satire at first it was so cringe.	0
They come to your house and rob you at gun point. Be honest. What are some ways that this could be resolved?	2
Such a *great* feeling	3
Thank you Dad, very cool!	3
No idea, don't see the EU budging, probably some vague clauses that have no weight.	5
There’s a cat sitting on my lap right now she’s so cute	3
Wow did we marry the same guy. My STBX left the state for 3 months with no contact with his child.	3
Whoops, just posted about those two subjects elsewhere ITT before I saw your post.	5
No, but I might choose to not support certain teams because their owners are trash.	0
Shut up, or you'll be tossed off the roof!	0
Arsenal FC the retirement home... No thanks [NAME]	0
Not anymore, haven't heard of him in ages.	0
[NAME] lives. Obviously you can quote me on that, because i just said it. [NAME] dies. [NAME] dies. Fuck [NAME].	0
Really? I was in New York last week and had to stand in the freezing cold to pump gas twice.	5
Yeah, It's just difficult to resist the lure of the dark side.	4
Whoa I actually remember this. Wait shit does that mean I’m old	0
"Its actually ""[NAME]"" , not ""[NAME]"".. Sounds like a drunk to me. Glad to hear nothing horrible happened "	3
"THANK YOU! You should be able to set a preference before your cut that says, ""no small talk please""."	3
*Pauses clip to make sure that's not me* We're good. What a disappointing [NAME]!	4
I have a 1080ti and an i7 8700k and on very fast at 40k bitrate I'm already hitting 50% cpu usage on obs alone, any suggestions?	5
If you have to ask you're too uncool to be allowed in.	4
Nice of you to have some social awareness. I’m sure he appreciates that.	3
Obviously, it was a humorous comment. But I'm pretty sure I can guess what you voted :P	3
Did she happen to find a magical ring before she drown?	5
It's pretty convenient	3
Thanks ? Lol I'm no internet warrior but that crossed the line. I also DM the video to [NAME]. The girl deserves love	3
Predatory towing is getting ridiculous. I have up to date stickers for all the properties I maintain and have been towed twice. Fuck em.	1
The guy just loves drama	3
This would be cool for a kids science project about conductors and why metal is such a good conductor	3
Are you retarded?	5
Great sign! We’ll get them next year!!	3
Thank you for the update, I’ve been stressing about the shutdown and lines. This helps.	3
Thanks for recognizing me bud. And yes I will take some crap to go please	3
Because it was a cool video it was sweet, and because it was a fash it was bitter. Simple as that.	3
The paratrooper theme fits very well with his jump! Keep up the good work.	3
What were they mumbling at the end before the commercial break? That was weird.	5
Otherwise it would be a terrible disservice to the NHL	4
As an autism mum, I can’t thank you enough. ❤️	3
Haha I remember her! And that documentary was insane. (its on Netflix and is called The Rachel Divide, for anyone who is wondering.)	0
honestly this made me smile like an idiot on the subway, thank you.	3
Don't stop cold turkey. It's dangerous and you can have deadly seizures. Taper down if you are going to quit any benzo.	3
He will, they both look totally re-integrated. If not, they'll thrash the rockets bench guys lol	3
This communities inability to understand sarcasm is absolutely awe inspiring.	0
I wasn’t even expecting the reply that’s why I’m literally bamboozled.	5
The fact half the level has no fucking music is a real pain.	4
"Basic translation ""I'd rape you if I weren't a virgin!"" Super creepy."	1
Racism. They're talking about racism. The hate is the new KKK sheet.	1
Which is weird because it also looks like dog treats	1
I genuinely cannot believe [NAME] didn't get fired years ago. It shocks me more than [NAME].	5
True, we take pink and black pills daily, even some stacies are conscious of world around them being a grim place.	3
Agreed, but it took me a while to understand that.	3
[NAME]? Rape? I am shocked I tell you! SHOCKED!	5
Skypeia in One Piece has literally nothing to do with the main plot but I loved it. It also gave us the single greatest reaction image.	3
Please cut her off from your life. You don’t need to deal with this behaviour. Be safe and please take care.	3
[NAME]... Cur from Kindred says hi. (Order). Y'all remember JTT? Best guild ever.	3
> ...he was afraid for his life... I see he has mastered the magic incantation.	2
They love me!	3
That’s fun.	3
That lil cat, I want it!	3
good looks guys	3
At no point in the game has that been true	0
Is it something you run into commonly with older adults? Sounds like in some ways it may make your job easier. Thanks for your work!	3
My god. I'd place that upside-down on the table and walk.	3
Oh fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck RIGHT OFF!!!!!	0
Wonder how much meth it would cost to get the dentist to give him a new tooth?	5
That’s so precious and sweet 😭	3
I want a Doritos crown, too!	3
Lol my ex loved [NAME] binged trough all seasons.	3
talking about [NAME] i think	3
Thanks, ive been thibking about telling the school principal, maybe itll help	3
This is unironically the worst trade I've ever seen.	1
[NAME] freaking [NAME] all the people down range just staring. -_- GO INSIDE DUMBASSES.	0
Man... it’s been a while since I laughed so hard watching one of these vids	3
Tortilla chips are the worst oml. One time a piece got lodged between my gum and my tooth. Like, that fella was /deeply/ embedded in my gum	4
Ah [NAME] I love this post!	3
Sorry, I posted this first but then you said something that I wanted to acknowledge I agreed with.	4
I spent a week in Ottawa one night. Amazing architecture but awful, filthy, drug infested city. Terrible ppl and a dirty trash hole.	0
I'm not a health threat. I'm vaccinated and have no children. Thanks again for your uninformed analysis.	3
Oh boy yeah	3
Love the use of ginormous ... so true	3
After reading a lot of replies you should bee ashamed of yourself. This thread is a hive of bad puns and references.	0
Aww thanks :)	3
I’d rather have 50$ every time I see a variation of this prompt lol	3
That's a weird answer.	0
This is the most unathletic thing I've seen in a while.	4
Yep, they expect you to revolve around them, but think they’re exempt from returning the favour.	0
I'd put the Thielen TD against Packers as number 1. That was such an amazing play by [NAME] and [NAME].	3
Are you high? People go for walks while wearing clothing all the time. It's when you go without the clothes that you run into problems.	3
Lmao what's the difference neither one is refrigerated. People are fucking stupid	0
You could be right!	3
I love Crimson Skies.... That's a completely fucked thing to do.	3
Haha yea few cars drive worse than a Versa. Aside from performance, what are some must haves/wants?	0
OHHHH, I like where Richmond is going with that.	3
mtv has agreed to take some of the load by having them on...i wonder if they get paid per appearance or flat season fee.	5
Thanks for the confirmation	3
I’d keep at this line of dialogue but I’ve got to rewind some videocassettes, sorry. Carry on without me.	4
So THIS is what it's like to have a seizure when listening to self control...	3
They're a double edge sword. Not too heavy on the beauty, but they always immensely helped me to immerse.	3
That’s how they’ve (the cartels) been doing it for decades. Not sure how this one was done tho.	5
DEMOCRATSPF ARE LITERALLY HITLER!!!!	0
No, but a cast member did talk to him after his yelling.	0
Okay, thank you!	3
Not true at all	0
As much as I love the dodgers, I can’t see them in the World Series 3 times in a row... so yeah, backwards.	3
Good to know. The little chapel in there is pretty gnarly.	3
No! Mom said it was MY turn!!!!	0
Omg like I get so moody when I'm hungry lol im so bipolar Yyyeeaaahhhh...	3
And what a fuckton of karma it was. It’s fake stories like this that really prove that communism is the far superior economic system.	0
Damn you really love using name calling as a crutch don’t you?	5
Love this show :)	3
You need to look in the mirror if you going to say that [NAME] is overrated yet want to trade him for scrubs like Dedmon	0
I wish to find my best one.	3
Close your damn mouth before it catches a fly	0
I guess I dont see a difference between harassing someone and pretending to harass by actually harassing them. Their motivation or pre planning doesnt really change anything right?	5
Thank you for sharing, there are many abusive relationships out there and it's not always so easy to leave	3
Sadly the Request a Book of [RELIGION] requires a phone number now. But if you have theirs it might work;	4
Something Is wrong with your account then. The auctions I win get plastered all over my email and app notifications.	5
I’m still sorry you had to go through that. I’m sorry anybody has to experience fear on a daily basis.	4
I was actually coming here to add a comment about her! She’s so cute and talented!	3
Love u too booboo	3
I live in Orlando, where was this? lol	3
Thank you!!!	3
Poor baby :( I hope the snake is doing ok	3
If it was super easy to get citizenship. I would love to.	3
I turned the news on around 6 this morning and have never been so happy to have a commute of 4 miles to my job	3
Maybe, but I don’t think he’s capable of make a studio by himself lol	3
“She had the same expression as the shocked Pikachu meme.” Lmao.. this made me laugh so hard lol	3
Good luck my dude, took me three OD's before I realized I should probably stop.	3
Was thinking the same. But watching the fight, one time def had it	5
Maybe Orlando for Bolts vs Cats? Or Daytona might be better	3
I'm so effin' proud of you! You handled it beautifully!	3
Yeah fuck this shit, the dude isn't even doing anything noteworthy, it's just a man doing his job.	0
I use to get this but now I just get ghosted.	4
What a tool!	3
Weird flex but ok	0
[NAME] and [NAME]. Both are really cute in different ways	3
Amazing. Perfect ending.	3
Ahh you must be speaking of M & W Industries! I know it well I'll never forget the smell of pickles.	3
I asked her before I told her. She took it on herself. I say NO all the time when I don't want to hear sadness and pain	0
Teleport, people forget you need a mask in a bank safe because of cameras, so put on a mask :D	5
Happy cake day!	3
Wow misleading title.. Ffs	5
"The loving mother referred to her son as ""the one with acne"". He's better off."	3
I'm glad you realize that [NAME] is part of the problem and not the solution.	5
I will upvote any gif that has [NAME] as Dr. [NAME] in it. I loved her performance in Maniac.	3
Ok will do, but I listened to the ep right before I posted this.	3
That should be fun. I may have call in sick tomorrow. Lots of Bournemouth fans including my boss.	3
Doctor charged 400 bucks for a blood pressure check before renewing my wife's high BP medication. She HAS been acting a little weird la	1
oh, ive seen that, ugh breeders have such weird and confusing minds	1
I'm just here to say fuck [NAME]	0
Yeah man, fuck the man. Can’t have people getting free stuff or have any creative marketing ideas.	0
Ah what a good start	3
I mean all marxist obviously praise [NAME], and would hold meetings with [NAME].	3
I'm sorry. I meant numbers. Where can I see them.	4
Because the false accusation makes my anxiety worse	0
>not a cure-all. Since we don't have such a thing, is this not the next best option?	0
I'm a Bioware fanboy so obviously biased. I even enjoyed Andromeda. Haha.	3
Why the downvotes?	5
Love it or hate it. That kid is a hero	3
I sincerely apologize...I’ll delete and please take this upvote	4
That was.. very confusing and entirely unhelpful? I read it three times and got nothing from this.	5
Thankyou so much	3
Lol [NAME] must have took [NAME] phone	3
It doesn’t surprise me given that this is the kind of establishment where staff rape the coma patients.	1
I didn't think it was that bad ><	1
Thank you so much. I will check them out as well.	3
I love trying new foods for the most part	3
I would suffer a heat stroke or die of diarrhea	4
Too bad [NAME] is a bad person if abandoned and tries to kill you as well. Her singing was really nice..	0
Hahaha was this the guy, OP?	5
Are you allowed to voice any political opinion on Youtube or are they also censoring based on this?	5
Please [NAME] that’s how I want to go!	3
"""I suffer from a very sexy learning disability. What do I call it, [NAME]?"""	4
He probably got hurt making the video	4
Oh my bad hahaha	3
Definitely, I also get suspicious when someone tries to be my friend which doesn’t help	3
What a shame... she was passing really well too...	4
Get your nose hair waxed. Trust me on this.	3
He did great in dodgeball.	3
Lol. That too	3
Oh he works as a medic in CA. So hes an Aemt in other states!	3
He might be happy to discover that he is the father of someone with superpowers! LOL	3
He's not surprised they spent money, he's wondering how much they paid to have this much penetration of their marketing.	5
Damn, I totally have used Dragon as my handle on certain dating apps before. Not sure how I feel about that now lol	5
What a crazy month that was, 15 months ago... Before it was resolved.	3
Yeah, but if they don't get the point, they go and try somewhere else... like say unpopular opinion maybe	5
> A good jab to the sternum is what I was taught. maybe a sharpened bat would work better?	5
I believe the GM of Seattle would be known as “His Royal bitch pigeoness”	3
I think it’s funny, especially those eyes! Lol	3
In such a situation, I would save the mother. Always.	3
As a fellow browns fan, unfortunate enough to be born into a browns family and in ohio... Hello sharer of a lifetime of heartbreak.	4
Look everyone it's that boy that laughs at everybody! Let's laugh at him!	3
That’s my point.	3
oh man another year	5
Everyone hates these posts but when we do post them it’s because we too are also proud of the work we do. Congrats!	3
Most of them seem to be joking about the walls.	3
I would of at least helped the poor guy. Throw some fire crackers at the dam thing	4
As I understand it, the director? left so at least if they do reboot it it’ll be in more competent hands lol	3
I know they finally gave Return of the King best Pic but my favorite out of the three was Two Towers. They are all great though.	3
Thanks! I've got at least 6 certifications from coursera and a few more from udemy. Good luck to you too!	3
I told you you’re right it’s silly anyone would care about foreign intelligence attempting to influence elections. What a silly joke.	3
I can’t imagine being this retired	4
*right, [NAME]. thank you for clarifying.	3
it's not but damn i'm sorry to hear how common this is	4
Same. Thats not the usual flight path out of [NAME]. Really curious how they got this pic.	5
thats just an unpopular opinion, and legally wrong.	0
Oh dear. Ive tried to forget that. Lmao If some one brings this up, i just remind them we are also the toilet water town. Lol	3
We don't care as much for 69. Hard to do properly. Glad it works for you. We prefer to take turns.	3
**YOU CANNOT MURDER ME! IT'S ILLEGAL.**	0
I wish I could be half as cool as that guy	3
Thanks for explaining it! I’m not sure why my comment got downvoted. Without context, it makes no sense.	3
Totally came to ask this question too!	5
He's not had a great season but Athletic in general has been a shitshow this season (and last) so no real surprise there.	0
This sounds like fainting. Get your blood pressure/sugars checked.	3
Well...yeah. It did.	3
She clearly was too afraid to speak up.	2
My face imitated the Pikachu meme for a long time...	3
You are so ugly even tears wont show up near you	1
Thank you! I do so love making people laugh, and when they let me know I did good.	3
It's funny because [NAME] actually transformed his play after he left Bulls and evemtually signed with Heat. Would be hilarious if [NAME] did something similar	3
I dont think [NAME] is a fun drunk type of dude.	0
I suppose the circumstances of it would chance things a bit :p	3
Omgz rite?!!1 updoots!	5
I'd say the pecans is the biggest mistake	0
It wouldn’t even have been a month yet though... I can’t believe this bootlicking nonsense is upvoted here. [NAME] supporters everywhere these days smh	5
Then fling baseless insults at me. Youre doing great.	3
Lol didn't some character mention even the league of assassins was afraid of [NAME]?	3
Why was this post removed? It wasn't even bad.	0
He likes an old song and is young DISGUSTING	1
Honestly I don't care if they're faked. It's an original concept that I find pretty funny	3
It's weird because sometimes I care and sometimes I don't. Although I wouldn't call myself an asexual I could be leaning more towards demisexual.	1
I'll definelty look into this, thank you for the advice and kind words :)	3
Well this is terrifying.	2
I guess I can see that, especially cuz [NAME] has connections with TMZ and they love drama between two people	3
I love the fsct [NAME] liked this. [NAME] can suck it.	3
Kid has a disease/condition where his skin falls off at the slightest touch	4
Same. I want to play through it to get the platinum trophy on PS4 but it's not worth the time sink.	3
hMMM [NAME] is actually my worst hero in the game. I’ll work on him, though	5
Some are still thinking what's going on😂😂	5
It's weird how quickly I agreed with you. Usually I'da been more incredulous.	3
I was fine until I got to the ICU.	3
No she would just get 18 years in jail (raising a kid).	0
I wonder if losing their majority in the 2019 locals would shift the Unionist parties’ position?	5
No way a tattooed ex-con with a drug/drinking problem might turn abusive!	0
As a white man on the internet I'm outraged... because I had to laugh and laughing hurts right now : (	0
It doesn't, it just resets back to 1 *before* adding in your upvote. You're not gaming the system lol	3
I love the bus so much.	3
Thanks, but please use the stickied megathread for all discussion and submissions. Repost it over there.	3
[NAME] is giving y'all some weird energy. I wish [NAME] would do that	3
We're moving from Utah to California later this year. These statistics make me even more excited!!	3
This just makes me angry.	0
Your grad school advisor is an old fashioned idiot You are not. You are great!	3
Can he fire himself?	5
I am so sorry those kind of people make me sick	4
It's a shitty made shirt but if it was done well I'd wear it.	4
Yeah, my partner is a starfish. Thanks, i needed that precise clarification. Dead whale sex too.	3
Ah there it is	3
It’s only missing a line that says “who was born in June” for absolutely no reason	4
We had a long debate about how old Jackie bird is and as per every year were surprised by the result. Was pish	5
Thats so cool man. Have you tried dmt	5
Hell yeah. Enjoy your new bachelor life son!	3
they might have seen me pooping	5
that number 3 is soooo familiar and sad.	4
Lucky I caught people reacting on twitter. For some reason I thought this game as at 6 PM.	3
American here. Not laughing. Routine circumcision of male infants is a violation of their bodily autonomy. I wish had my foreskin back.	3
Was this tattoo designed by [NAME]?	5
Who said i was a kid?	5
There is no excess. Everybody gets what they agreed upon. Fake news.	3
She's a moron for running out in traffic. Deserved all she got.	0
Why is it embarrassing?	5
This post is bad because the only good phone is the Palm Pre 3 running webOS	1
You can say what you want about USM, but we love our baseball.	3
...what? You're far more concerned with the o line than signing [NAME].	5
I always love her reaction. She acts like life is over.	3
The god awful CGI is honestly entertainment enough!	3
70 year old me doesn't give a fuck just piss or get off the pot!	0
awful vehicle physics that cause you to instantly die when hitting small bumps and certain angles! WHY!	0
The sad thing is his is still glitched. Just a couple days ago I died from [NAME] lightsaber about 5 seconds after someone else killed him.	4
I'm so sorry, please stay strong and know you're loved	3
Spiritual success is also massively dependent on other people. Good luck finding spiritual success outside of a community of other people.	3
I thought it was gen 2 that was affected by the dead batteries due to the internal clock?	5
They lead a bad defense though. And [NAME] isn’t blameless here, he’s not good against the run.	0
[NAME] passing is worse than usual. It's alright, but god damn is it painful to watch.	4
I'm genuinely curious how Russia's vested interest in South Africa will have any impact on the way that Russian news reports on SA	5
I'd rather not be in the 90's kid category anyways.	0
This would be a good thing. I want capitalism to die.	3
And she will try so be careful op	3
Patience. Give it another day or so. Send a text telling her you enjoyed her company and wanna do it again. Hopefully she responds	3
Don't think you should be nominated for Breakout and Best of the year but whatever.	0
FFS, there is a [NAME]?!?!? Seemed really qualified for that county job. So glad to see this family go downhill....	3
I’m shocked that no one got whooshed by this comment	5
Yes. Less toxic =/= nontoxic.	3
You spend most of your time here in the Rangers threads talking about how much you hate the huns. That's pretty weird as well.	0
Literally loving this. Where are all the guys like you irl?!	3
I’m sorry. If it was me- go straight to divorce and file. Why prolong the pain and abuse.	4
I don't swallow toothpaste idiot	0
This is the cutest shit I've seen all day.	3
Have them put out a Linux client and I'll be happy to give them a try.	3
I am having fun haha :D *creeper mode on* jk lol	3
[NAME] might be all those things, but he pissed me off canceling his appearances at Coachella and Gov’s Ball. Very unwavy of him	0
I have a lot of unopened DM’s but thanks	3
Let’s go [NAME], prove everyone wrong.	0
That right hand sent our dad flying across the cage. Lol	3
How this post is still up??🤔🤔	5
I keep giggling cause I’m imagining them fitting together like a puzzle...	3
Yep, still fun to theorise though!	3
I'm sure he immensely appreciates the gesture.	3
"Eh. People really are judgemental towards ""hoes"", so I don't blame them. What is stupid is to shame people for having sex."	0
Those are horrible things to say to a child, let alone a 3 yr old. I would be pissed!	2
That goes both ways, their adrenaline and determination would also be through the fucking roof.	0
Yeah, which is not helping citizens with continued attempted scamming.	0
Just to clarify, do you mean sidebar in game?	5
If he doesn’t respond, then you’re too good for him	3
by the time I found it was a delay it was too late to go back to bed but I didn't have enough time to do anything fun	0
I really like Funhaus	3
I like mother lode in weho. A bit loud but actively un-douchy.	3
I'll second this notion. One of the first things to go is texting when I start getting sad.	4
[NAME] bless uncle [NAME]	3
Just like in Seinfeld when the waitress called the audible after [NAME] talked about how much he likes manure.	3
“Cracking himself up” nearly made me throw up.	4
Best kiki dance I’ve ever seen	3
I was expecting this to go MUCH worse than it did and I’m so glad my imagination wasn’t right.	3
Man I hope someone got fired for that blunder.	3
I'm 35 and never knew this was a thing anyone did until I saw this posted on Facebook awhile ago. It looks massively uncomfortable?	5
I hope [NAME] at least showers before his funeral.	3
I actually listened to the entire joke... and I read the press release from the CHRT. How about you?	5
[NAME], I could’ve written the last part, and the first part serves as a potent warning.m that I needed to hear. Thank you.	3
It is the truth lol	3
But she spells oddly well, and these aren't small words. It's a bunch of interrupted/disjointed thoughts.	3
Bro. You think roads and infrastructure wouldnt be built if it wasn’t for the government? My sentiment still stands. I pity you.	0
HAHAHAHA I'M AN ASSHOLE	0
I'm looking forward to this way more than Captain Marvel. It's actually not even close	3
Guilty... waaaaay over sold myself on my resume about 12 years ago.	4
One of the best (and occasionally worst) things about being from Westside is that you can always see the skyline from any major east-west street!	3
....that's *naiveté*, break the cycle... ## DONT BE NEGATIVE 3.0	3
Thanks kindly!	3
That crowd reaction for dirk at the end. What a legend	3
I was sad when the Hawks lost [NAME] but this Schottenheimer guy seems pretty cool.	4
not really. I worked hard to live there, and it was different then. Far cheaper.	0
They’re disgusting people inside and out	1
that's one amazing thought! All the best! we are with you!	3
Some pretty dark shit man	3
I am like the panda one, thanks! I'm also following [NAME] memes and while it def isnt all recovery stuff it's highly relatable	3
Been looking at Panthera, will take a look at RAP N. Thanks for the consideration of my big hands :D	3
Oh I love flirtationships! This is normally us, but work takes us to a long distance relationship half of the year.	3
That’s the most intelligent question I’ve ever been asked. I *could* answer it...	3
We put Vaseline on our teeth and lips in theater so our lips wouldn't dry out or stick to our teeth from the lights lol	3
Glad to hear it. Love Rapid City.	3
Ameen InshAllah. Thank you ☺️ I’ll try	3
We needed some way to torture a guy so a religion can be created.	0
Care to elaborate? I'm curious how this is true seeing as last I checked they were the highest paid in the country.	5
Do you need a safe space? Maybe a cold drink? Being easily offended doesn’t make you right.	3
I don’t know what that means, please explain	5
Those lines were an embarrassment today. I couldn’t not believe it.	4
Once you love someone with a mental illness, you would do anything for that power to heal.	3
Screw DBs swill, their creepy Children of God (cult) employees, and the traffic mess it creates on Rural in Tempe	0
Oh ok. I'll go check them out :)	3
I love it. More bad blood. Cod esports baby!!	3
Nice language 👏	3
I'm proud that this is the first response I see.	3
7x04 for me, but I like the positivity. It was one of my best episodes of the season.	3
Super creepy. And leaving the note is out of line	2
I have insomnia too thanks for the recommendation, always on the look out for helpful podcasts and meditations	3
You cannot have your car running while you're pumping gas.	0
No. I want to know why the law applies differently to her and how I can use that to my advantage	5
Saaaaame. There’s too many damn podcasts, and most of them are too damn long.	4
Tool fan from the U.S. here. Something seems off about this question. Cheers, mate!	3
That was a great episode	3
Ah yes, consent is when they awkwardly laugh off an unsolicited sexual encounter!	3
I'd love to have [NAME] on our team....	3
[NAME] still the best dev tho. Nice nonsense comparison btw.	0
It depresses me that the Carousel revamp has been a popular answer. Thats not a change, that a sliding scale adjustment.	4
I still don't get what the joke was supposed to be	5
If he would have landed that swing, it would have decapitated that guy.	5
I dunno. I like her.	3
Shut up cowpoke	0
Started watching when they were up 14, thought there’s no way to be disappointed today.... oh well	5
hahaha. best response I've seen in a few days	3
"""Think about how dumb the average person is; then realize that half of them are dumber than that!"" - [NAME]"	5
being reminded of that blessed image now makes me hope they won't do the whole no bipod on your back thing rip my homie franku	3
I’m not sure bud. But they do have multiple options. So that might be one of them	5
this was hard to watch but i’d take it over the grungy redhead talking about her full tummy 🤮	1
Sorry, but this one is funny. Wake up at 3am jabbing with a needle, patient satisfaction survey, what could possibly go wrong??	3
Cool, thanks!	3
Ha. She cried because you influenced it.	0
I feel the r/thathappened for more than half of the stories posted. But they're fun to read.	3
thanks you too	3
A 31 one year old woman hitting on a 21 year man is just as grossm	0
Hey man. A lot of people have criminals in their family. That doesn’t mean they are I think you need to take a step back	0
Get yourself a £1. Still occasionally get them.	3
Thanks for the information. What about any programs in the air force.	3
What does that have to do with [NAME] having sex with a child, what's the point you're trying to make with that piece of information?	0
[NAME] game sucks. He's good at comps but his strategic game is awful	3
This...is just beautiful	3
Thanks. We'll do our best :)	3
Got to love all the fake fans that know nothing about hockey!	0
I just hope a GM believes in [NAME] as much as this Raptors fan. Maybe [NAME] could give us something valuable to get this future MVP back.	3
Oh no brothers, absolutely no cheers from iraq	0
that is awesome! i've been looking into going to therapy myself. glad you were able to have a great experience.	3
Maybe that's why it's interesting.	5
Your using emotionl blackmail. Does the vet save cancer or destroy cancer? [NAME] = Vet. Your using babies and all sorts of things to manipulate. Vets only do the right thing.	0
One of my favorite shows of all time.	3
Your mental gymnastics are absolutely astounding	3
I gotta say, some of the things mentioned are pretty fun. I mean, at least when your in your 20s.	3
funny	3
They are a couple in love so what's your beef.	3
Firstly, congrats on not being pregnant!! Now there is nothing tying you to him and you're free to find greener pastures. :)	3
Hey now!	3
Thank you! I will!	3
My son is ten months. I hope we have this relationship when he turns 14. Congrats on your lovely teen ♥️	3
Oh and now vini is down	5
Thanks for the recommendation! By this point I should just start a list. :D	3
Pistons need more picks and less aging players. Get as many picks as possible and hope to get lucky.	3
If fathers could have a say though... do you really think that would result in less children?? Id say it would result in more..	5
Why is this getting downvoted. I love Meepo so much. :(	4
Glad we cleared this up	3
Quad turret hopefully	3
Pilots omg... you are not alone there!	5
I hope [NAME], [NAME], and that wonderful, talented, [NAME] QB defeat the Pats.	3
Journalists not writing the headlines remains one of the most frustrating aspects of print media on digital platforms.	0
We haven’t heard from you in a while. Hopefully you and your kids are doing well.	3
Why shall I? It’s too much fun reading comments written by distorted bubble people ;)	3
Do you have a source for this claim. Seems promising but would love to dig into it.	3
Thanks for the info! Fellow dry eyelids , I guess I'll just keep using my usual.	3
Yes for sure! Please let me know how your job venture goes! :) would love to hear your experience.	3
You look like a guy that could use help pleasing his wife.	3
aww hell no. This fucking ad	0
Very astute observation.	3
I’ll buy it i don’t care	3
You're an uneducated twat.	0
I liked [NAME]...	3
Wow! That's too real, it touched me! Nice work :D	3
> like a fucking peregrine falcon, her and him beeline straight for her bedroom. Are they falcons or bees? Alphas don't mix metaphors.	5
That was so fun!! 😂😂😂👌👌👌🤲🤲🙏🙏🙏🔥🔥🔥😎😎	3
It’s best we end this conversation before someone interprets that differently	3
Its not the 90s old man. Now if you said you like pancake asses, thats juicy	3
I'm afraid that will leave Britain no better. Can't imagine the ruckus if remain wins.	2
America can out-lazy your ass any day.	4
Everyday, always, I am a hero inside my head	3
Literally everywhere. There's nothing especially Texan about any of this. I heard all of this in freaking SCONSIN.	4
You’re not wrong. The post is mostly a joke 🤷‍♂️	5
And why does he shame women for choosing a beautiful person over an ugly guy lol?	3
What are you expecting?	5
Haha I'd like it if our parallel lines intersect *heavy breathing*	3
> the heartbreak of a nice older truck being ruined Lol, the truck was new when this video was made.	3
Good luck with your short	3
I always loved the voice he did here.	3
How stupid are you, if you dont réalize it’s staged	0
I'm really interested in seeing those other 6	3
thanks guys appreciate the clarifications!	3
Okay thanks. I'll see if I can find out how to do that.	3
Hope you had fun atleast; it's amazing to see up close in person compared to the camera.	3
Which you ultimately pay for in higher insurance premiums, court costs, etc. Dealing with big problems like this is a net positive for everyone.	3
I lost a six pack this way once. For a good year every traffic stop became a field sobriety test.	4
I had no idea. Is this recent?	5
Where on earth do you live that newborn non drug exposed babies up for adoption end up in the foster system? Sounds pretty optimistic on her part.	5
It's called a fullstop in England. My fucking immersion in this meme is ruined.	0
You got this! Go easy on yourself man..	3
That looks pretty cool	3
"Yeah I was waiting for him to coming at the end with ""Why don't you just let us do it?"" I would."	3
i was not prepared for this	4
I can't wait for the r/hockey GDT with the saltiest fanbase in Reddit. I think I'm just gonna stick to our sub tonight.	3
Me too. Book of Abraham is such a headache for the church. They would love to get rid of it I am sure.	0
Just some statistics I saw bud. Calm down.	3
I did not know that! I love me some quality evil dead	3
poor [NAME]. Someone else on here called her [NAME] from Family Ties. 😂😂 I legit feel for her.	3
Fuck off.	0
Keep defending their failures and advocating for people to stay silent and just lie down. Good luck with that, it's unfortunately working.	3
There's a user here that advocates for disarmament and authoritarianism. I've noticed that a new username pops up periodically with similar content/ views.	5
Nah, this sub is for well put together unpopular opinions. This is too low effort.	0
I Can't Believe It's Not Butter.	5
I <3 you!	3
Thanks for the honour of speaking with the representative of atheism.	3
Hope this place will still be around in a few years time!	3
If you’re going to be willfully ignorant, we have nothing to discuss. Good luck clinging desperately to these antiquated ideas.	3
LUL, this is the 3rd time that Ajax has lost team on Busan. Unlucky.	4
[NAME] is one of the worst announcers ever. [NAME] is one of the best.	3
Maybe, part of growing up is realizing how little impact you have on the grand scheme of things.	5
Hahahahah, I will consider	3
Ah thanks for the tip.	3
No need to bully me.	0
Nae bother, Happy to bring musical joy in to any household.....	3
But if you go to fredmeyer, which is also Kroger, It's like 50% cheaper on most things. lol.	3
Slap her hand if she is trying to force you to do anything! Tell her not to put her hands on you, and enforce it every time.	0
are you short ? maybe your toilet is too tall causing the seat to cut circulation	5
Winter depression has finally gotten to me. So damn bored even with all these bowl games on.	0
Denver will pay for bus fare so homeless people can come live here And we love it! That's where the tents come from!	3
It positively reeks of an abusive household	0
Thanks, posted there!	3
I would have a similar reaction if she committed neck rope.	3
I'm not sure anyone has asked, and feel free to not answer. But is your feeling that the team definitely favors [NAME] right now?	5
Haha its okay!	3
Glad to see that [NAME] no more is a fellow r/Atheist user and anti-Peterson	3
I admitted to myself that I had no other reason to think [NAME] was real. Kind of tough to stay [RELIGION], after that.	3
You leave [NAME] the fuck alone.	0
Since it's a very unlucky case i would tell you to just have a really big amount of pacience and maybe have a date once a time	3
I don’t watch the Colts, but out of interest do they insist on making [NAME] block consistently like we did.	0
Good riddance. I'm surprised it lasted that long. [NAME] is trash.	5
Sorry for your loss 😣	4
No no no no no no no Op you’re a brave one.	3
Just be yourself lol. Some girls find awkward/goofy cute 🤷🏻‍♂️	3
Why don't Maroon 5? Regardless of the quality of the song, its been one of the most popular songs for the past 8 months	3
you don’t appreciate the good times till you go through the bad.. things will get better OP, stay strong	3
### A surprise, to be sure, but a welcome one	5
That one is pretty obvious	3
Not to mention she didn't get her rightful Snatch Game win	0
YEAAAAHH!!!!YEAAAAHHH!!!!...oh, here ya go, doom-di-doom...	0
Thank you for being the voice of reason in here while people keep screaming about the Vatican's thousand-year old wall.	3
Volume-wise, you are correct.	3
Much appreciated. It's something that has captivated my interest and I have written on a bit, so I have a reasonable working knowledge.	3
I heard the same thing after she had made false allegations and tried to hoover me back . Its so triggering now .	0
Yeah, the big thing I'm glad is he hasn't ballooned up.	3
But then how will I betray it?	5
Makes us wonder what its going to be like for my children's generation..	5
> i have never even dated a girl. Lol	3
Thank you! :)	3
Was my friends family... They had the wrong address, you're sick dude.	0
I LITERALLY SAID THAT TO MY FRIEND	5
Thanks for clearing this up!	3
Don't just distance yourself, BLOCK them	0
Rip ok lol	3
Yup, it may not look like much but it’s still statistically significant. That’s really bad for something being decided by a coin toss.	0
I enjoyed watching the crazy old man being dragged out at the end.	3
Same. I felt like I haven’t found the “right” therapist. Hang in there and hug your little one tight!	4
I’d probably need up spending all of my money on food and ammo, I like having a limit	3
I think its justified because that dude freaks me out. The less money the better.	0
Bless you this post made me cry	4
Allow Ireland to become a colony of the UK, outside the EU?	5
This looks delicious, I wish I had all ingredients on hand, because I would make this tomorrow.	3
Here, here. Cheers to starting fresh!	3
Shotgun Stories (2007) doesn't have the bank robbery hook, but is about two families feuding in rural Arkansas. [NAME] is great in it.	3
Perfect example of the disgusting misuse of ‘Orwellian’ on this website	1
I am an atheist and the idea of a god makes me disgusted and angry so I prefer not to be religious	1
Very Cool.	3
Seahawks fans are very bad at just taking the L.	1
What a good pupper!	3
I gathered that part from the Boulder Barnes and Noble part. Was just curious if we were ever in the same ward.	5
Oh, okay. Thank you. I hadn't been keeping up with it.	3
of course you agree. you post in r_braincels.	3
He looked so sad when he was talking about how it feels to be getting criticised 😢.	4
I was also bullied at work. I was on lithium for a while. You're not alone.	4
I hate beer. But I'll concede the point because others like it. ;)	0
Have an interview in 11 hours and it's after 2 AM bet LETS GOOOOO	3
No at that point you’re a POS, or just have horrible taste in women lol	3
Would be a good idea what deal labour wants.	3
I watch more Netflix on my phone than my other devices. And it looks incredibly amazing on my Samsung phone screen instead of my mediocre PC monitor.	3
Megagrindr, and I love it.	3
I'm all for finding ways of reducing gun violence but this seems to just be arbitrary and capricious.	4
lol, Cause everyone knows that you lean on the Bow. What bow skin is that?	3
Here’s a little update lol so far I’ve had 3 matches today and all of them were “cam models” lmfao	3
Sure, doesn't change it being overwrought nonsense though.	3
O-officer what are you doing with those cuffs? <w<	5
I didn't like this, not for even one second.	0
What are these words? I'm so confused.	5
What's even worse: the deciding voter refused to support the subway because he was strangely obsessed with a horse & buggy transit plan from 1858.	0
How often does this happen? To you and others? I'm curious.	5
The BBQ ranch and Greek are my favorites!!	3
Bro, highmountain looking sick	4
I guess but we love each other.	3
I really hope you won't have the chance to enjoy them because man, I didn't like them anything :)	0
"Was totally expecting this to end with ""and then the game crashed"" lol"	3
83% want it! Have a great weekend In solidarity, 4now	3
Gah!!! I wish you well! Also, what NERVE they have.... wow.	3
I liked it better when [NAME] was half naked	3
[NAME] I've smoked for 20 years. Really is time to quit.	5
Lol. Mod conspiracy theories. Yes they want to destroy the sub. That is their goal.	3
Nice win! Good luck on your future tournaments!	3
it's quite a large red flag. It depends on the context, but if they are in her dating league, I would be suspicious.	4
Hey everybody we got us an optimist here.	3
So you have your twin 6'9 215 pound forwards playing different positions? Interesting gm'ing. I see why the Hornets are so terrible.	5
I loved [NAME] so much	3
Why wouldn’t the cops turn off the truck and take the keys?	5
Missed the beginning of the game, cheers or boos for [NAME]? I'm assuming cheers, but you never know in MTL	5
But come on babe, you know you want me babe...l.o.l. JK Babe ;)	3
Ooooooh I wanna try it now!	3
So I have a hobby, I'm passionate about my 2nd Amendment rights, and I dont post/comment on reddit often. Your point?	3
This doesn't even make sense!	0
Okay just thought it would be a good idea.	3
No you shouldn’t. If you recieve income, it should be taxed.	0
Time to cut him off. Or find a way to get him good help. Cause he sounds a little dangerous.	5
Sir the fuck down. This is an intervention, we need to talk.	0
a lost art	4
I actually find running harder than passing on all madden	4
"It's ironic that those who most strongly embrace TSSC and other churches are so often utterly lacking in any level of true ""faith."""	0
I hate his hoist a shit shot and throw your legs forward so you can draw a foul on the defender for crowding your landing space.	0
I used to have no problems finding them, but I’m struggling really hard now	4
I love how this sub is so sensitive. Some people just havent seen them IRL!	3
hello im bipolar 2 the fun kind	3
He must simply be known as [NAME], all the greats are known by a single name.	3
Pls end me	4
I’m not a detective, but I don’t think it was her.	0
Being ugly and confident does not mean you'll do well in dating. You'll just try more.	3
a realization of the fact that you're not good enough and you have to work a lot harder and develop your taste?	5
Good for you! So awesome!	3
Thanks for sharing	3
I'm sorry that you're so angry.	5
And this is why this sub is the way it is.	5
[NAME] lesnar. Sorry [NAME]	4
Is there any example in History where a 'multicultural' society has succeeded to the point of them becoming a major power?	5
I don’t know but I think they at least have foil inside, I remember seeing you could hack one into an antenna.	5
Motherfu... thanks for pointing that out!	0
"""look at you... look at you..!"" Oh, I'm bawlin. "	3
I’m gonna go out on a limb and say that’s a terrible idea.	0
Δ sorry I completely forgot about these, but yeah you definitely changed my view	4
All of their Saints are psychotic idiot who died for nothing. People remember them as horrible people in death as they were in life.	2
I can’t stand [NAME] but that was heartbreaking	4
I really want a WW1 [NAME]. It would be amazing.	3
Very true, interesting point of view.	3
I better not screw this up..	5
Mmh, I love the smell of thought policing in the morning.	3
I'm so glad to hear that! Good luck rebuilding yourself.	3
asking for a source is good lol	3
You're right. I totally forgot about [NAME].	3
You, I like you	3
It’s disgusting	1
What is TMOR?	5
I regret that I have but one downvote to give.	0
I absolutely love DCfC!	3
No. EDIT: Shoutout to the fat nerd who downvoted every comment in this thread just because we don’t stan the dancing games lmao	3
I like [NAME] as a person I just don’t want to see or hear any sexy times between her and [NAME].	3
My man!! You go. That's brilliant. Brightened my day.	3
Because he's attractive. Hence [NAME] come out in droves to defend him despite the fact he's a horrid asshole.	0
Its almost as if everyone is too afraid to be politically incorrect to admit that height and race are a factor.	2
It was a great AMA too	3
He's the only legitimate jetpacker	3
You don't get to decide what is discussed in this thread. You are not in charge here.	0
Can I get this as a flair	5
25000 likes wow! I got max. 30-35 likes.	3
It’s never funny if you explain the joke smh	3
At least [NAME] got to touch UFC gold. Not many people can say the same. In good company.	3
It could also be that coupledom is the wrong way to live for OP.	0
That’s what I thought. With 4 out of the 9 still on the show, I just can’t call it accurate at all.	0
I knew a guy named [NAME]. Always wondered what his middle name was.	5
use this to make you aim better than my bad aim :)	3
Ain't that the truth. It has turned into one old big propaganda/commercial machine.	3
Hahahah that’s actually really funny no judgment here, do you friend	3
if it's harassment its a criminal charge. I haven't read the decision yet but this seems like a stretch based on what i know.	0
Funny how [NAME] only lies when you want him too,amazing.	3
That'd be fun! Meet at a bar and watch the show!	3
[NAME] is a monster, my favorite of the Pythons. Such a perfect smug face.	3
Yeah this whole thread is gross. Calling a little kid trashy or misogynistic or sexualized for liking to play dress up is just creepy and weird.	1
That's all I'm asking for :( thank you for expressing that it is a possibility, and for making me realize it should have happened...	3
I wish I'd get invited to parties...	3
Why thank you sir!	3
Man being unattractive in appearance has pretty much taken any joy out of my life	4
Just horrible. Doesnt solve any of his problem and removes his strongest tool.	0
is it a jailable offence	5
"[NAME] i love this ""no one can be THIS happy, what a horrible person he must be"""	2
I wonder how big a problem this really is and what the cops' plan is.	5
His hair looks fucking horrible 😂	1
I'm glad she made it as easy on you as possible.	3
Sounds exactly the same as GC to me?...	5
Hell yeah it did!	3
Awesome and interesting response!	3
Omg my 3yr old kept rubbing it all over his face the other day too!! 😆	5
I was shocked. They were talking earlier on the news about her losing by less than 100 being a victory, of sorts.	5
"we have a ""righty"" complaining about ""lefties"" making up BS, while they make up BS... sad."	4
"""I've made a huge mistake"" - Me, walking into this person's house."	4
Thank you ☺️	3
That’s not a fucking card?!	0
Now that's ride sharing!	3
Oh no he didn't!	0
I'm sure you're alright, [NAME]. xD	3
Lake inle is a beautiful place	3
A beautiful poem for a beautiful thing. Happy cake day btw!	3
The guy that waived a future hall of famer. Hard to get away from that decision.	4
Great. How about go fuck yourself moron, I’m making a great suggestion for a good reason despite you bitches.	3
I never had a problem with the old parachuting mechanic, but I like the new one and I think it might actually be better.	3
I am also a doctor and his legs are in fact discolored. But seriously dude go to the doctor.	3
Seeing the Reverend talk to his son like that always made me feel uncomfortable but also mad.	0
Thanks for defending your tribe.	3
This should be everyone's wish.	3
I don’t think so. The rest of her profile was completely serious. She had photos from art museums and discussed politics in her profile.	0
Ah the ol' cucked boyo. Whatever after what I've seen you won't change my mind buddy, that's for sure.	3
My husband never watches this show. Watching with me: “[NAME] is a horrible dad. He looks likes he hammered. He’s so greasy”	0
"Let me remind you that I'm 5'6"" and I still think all that thinking is ridiculous."	0
Hey, thanks! :)	3
Was expecting a horrifically broken ankle. You have posted the actually unexpected	5
Right now I'm listening to Stand By Me, I'm liking it	3
Based on her other post she's young, pregnant and possibly homeless. Looking for help and advice.	4
I think sweaty is hilarious in the context of r/forwardsfromgrandma which is where I see it 90% of the time	3
Congratulations, you did it	3
Love it.	3
Beautiful!!	3
I see so many different worlds in this! Love it	3
[NAME] chatting with a kid while waiting to come out for the stars of the game. What a great guy.	3
Please, please, please don't do that to yourself. You'll end feeling worse when this guy leaves you.	4
good luck getting them to understand that	3
What's worse is getting in a car that isn't yours	4
oh, so he is insane?	5
Damn didn’t know it was for a whole now that’s crazy	5
Start an initiative to take away cops guns since you feel so strongly about it	3
Still better than YouTube rewind	3
"I would say something like ""Hey I've seen you around school... You were in(class)"""	3
Oh yea [NAME] from Danganronpa 1 is great too, a cute hacker girl and one of my fave charas from the franchise! ✨	3
Ah good, now I don't have to do it.	3
Hey, better safe than sorry with spoilers. But my point stands.	3
Am I the only one that wants to see your art?? I love calligraphy! You might have a client here!!	3
They should do it even harder now to spite you	3
Thank you - will await your PM.	3
Yeah, sorry about that. I see it in so many post I thought it was almost a custom to do so.	4
You know, I was wrong. I always assumed false dichotomy was their favorite fallacy when it's clearly strawman.	4
As an [NAME], half of [NAME] are unfortunately right	3
I really wish I could do that. The furniture is all made from my grandfather so I don't want to get rid of it. :(	3
[NAME], they deserve each other, but I don’t want this to happen because they would inevitably procreate and make stupid “boring” kids.	0
You're the best !	3
My best guess is because the wine in his glass is purple. Whether it was a purposeful [NAME] quote or not, I dunno.	5
I agree. Could go either way.	3
glad you made the trip from a fellow austinite	3
"Little kids are the best because they're just like ""Wtf?!?!?"""""	3
well that's no creepy in the slightest	0
Oh mate! Happy days. haha. Yeah I totally thought you were starting a course of Radiotherapy haha. All good	3
...and they're gone. Didn't even get to see what they cost.	4
It’s so sad that i can play all these Zelda games on my 3DS but not my Switch. I have like 12 Zelda games on my 3DS	4
Feels good to be a Nets fan right now	3
But it'll hurt	4
>Poly people look at the numbers and just see lots of opportunities ;) I like how that's put	3
This sounds like borderline mental health issues. Scary.	2
Way to cherry pick. Remember that time that [NAME] person got lit up for like, 9 goals against or something? Man, that guy sure sucked.	0
volunteer as tribute first, we need an example that we can follow :)	3
Man I hate that [NAME] guy.	0
You aren’t mentioning the specific position and the industry. Not even in what country you are located. How can anyone offer advice?	5
Shouldn't have insulted chungus like that, if I see you in the fog you gon get facecamped	0
You okay?	3
It's all good. [NAME] was at my door 5 minutes later, and amazingly, didn't drive away between me seeing him, and walking downstairs.	3
The left side attack of [NAME] [NAME] was woeful	4
Perfect World was my first mmorpg that I played for years. Super fond memories of the game.	3
Yay the same out of touch old people cycling thru the same positions. I can't wait to see the changes they bring/s.	3
You're right to be nervous. That happened near my college's campus when I was a student. She lost everything in her wallet.	2
Same. But the 21 point lead drew me in.......who knew you can lose by double digits leading by that much.	4
The bourgeoisie elected courts were going to backtrack on all [NAME] economic reforms. Fuck those guys.	0
nah. YOU will get it when you're about 20 years older.	0
Yea ok.	3
You should have noped out of the whole thing the moment the racist with a racist character came into the picture.	0
I love when it drops, and the beat just stops. Feels like the musical equivalent to a cliffhanger	3
Is there proof this happened or is it just her accusation? I'm asking because we already know she's a liar.	5
Proud of my Senator today	3
Why would they lie?	5
It’s been good, made me able to function much much better.	3
I love this reply.	3
Nothings better then 2 teams that know exactly wut happend/parents that saw the game two coaches and a ref no good lawyer needed rlly just those people to talk	0
Poor Target didn’t make enough millions during one of the most hectic Christmas seasons I recall in almost 2 decades. Gotta save that payroll though.	4
its ok i understood	3
Made my day!	3
"Bloody forking shirtballs! This has to be some kind of ""The Good Place"" / Bad Place repost robomod bullshort. "	0
I might not agree with the maduro regime, but t how can BoE justify what amounts to stealing $1.2 billion in gold from Venuzuela?	0
I pray that you will have strenght to fight for yourself and go NC.	3
Thank you [NAME].	3
fucking seriously.	0
Thanks for the support, yeah my dad has been trying to make me feel a little better.	3
maybe dont do any drugs lol	3
I just actually listed it for trade haha. I can’t use paypal unfortunately as I’m under 18	3
Grandmas knees are burning up	4
A lovely bronze age mud hut, it's a British tradition.	3
I'm two weeks in, hope your right, I'm loving the game right now	3
Who's we? Because a lot of people on your side don't seem to want that.	5
They need more with more items because I've never been able to get same day.	4
Just subscribed! Keep strong bro focus on the end goal :)	3
Oh thanks a lot! :) Please let me know.	3
Ha, my husband goes out after you guys have done your thing and checks for himself, he's been burned too many times.	0
Why? You might be right I didn’t think of that but I’m curious to what issue that would create	5
On my first date with my now wife, who is an MD, she said she was intimidated by me. I think it was the suit though!	5
Yeah but FGM is basically like cutting off the head of the penis entirely. I'm uncut myself but I get why people do it	0
oh! I have more ships this time! Niice!	3
"LOL at one of [NAME] favorite activities being ""observing people""...including [NAME]! "	3
So...you can link those then right?	5
I have no idea. I always imagined it was purely retail workers that browsed and posted here, but I might be wrong in this instance.	5
You've sparked my interest and made some solid points. I think i'll make some calls and reconsider. Thank you!	3
Looks like she admires [NAME]. Its just drag.	3
Don't feel bad! Hopefully they both run.. their delegates should go to whoever gets more votes in the end.	3
I applaud both of you for taking whatever action you can to make this succeed. Sorry I couldn’t offer any advice. Good luck.	4
This is going to be a disaster	1
Fear - that's it. You need to work on identifying and overcoming your fears.	3
Since when can a family member drive against other familymembers because you both own it? That would go horrible if that argument was valid! What the hell!	0
Or you just get rejected and then not murdered and your anxiety worsens until you can no longer approach women or even men.	4
[NAME], are you a real person? Thanks for proving his point about how uneducated you are.	3
I'm seeing similar on Android, chrome browser. Other than that, great stuff!	3
More like [NAME] stalker,lol.	3
You should’ve baked it in the oven, huge difference in quality. One of my favorite lonely Friday night Netflix meals.	5
u/dances-with-corgis Says they'll never forget their username. Literally forgot their username. Sorry, but: 😂😂😂😂, that's some [NAME] level tiny mess up.	3
Obviously. Just like men are not raping or beating their wives. Rapists and wife beaters are. Thanks for playing.	3
You're really just having a field day today huh?	5
I was getting arrested and my dog run away from home like a bullet	4
Thank [NAME] can we need more guys healthy	3
I CANTTTT😭😭😭. That's as bad as you said, it will get better friend. r/oldpeoplereddit.	0
I actually really like these, my little sister would be in love with these!	3
Redpill is a modern name for an old sentiment. And anyways Matrix came out 20 years ago.	5
[NAME]: I just want them to get things going. [NAME]: This is the competition!	3
Well, you know what happened the first time he came down...	5
Correct. I just enjoy debating them.	3
Well then take my upvote my sub soulmate. lol	3
[NAME] fucking [NAME], that man is enormous.	5
Short answer, fuck no, don't ever fall for it. Don't make the same mistake Canada has.	0
Yeah I’m going to need to see more of him.😍, thank you	3
Seriously?! These [NAME] have no common decency or respect for others suffering!	0
Do you think each worker looks after only one child?	5
Damn, I need to find this trade school which lets you make your personal animals	0
I had hot dogs. They were delicious, lol!	3
The concept, design and artwork are gorgeous. I would love to buy this skin if it was available in game.	3
Dang if that was actually what happened that does kind of suck. Thanks op!	3
That makes perfect sense! Thank you for explaining in a way that doesn't try to make me feel stupid for not knowing the answer.	3
It's 538 what did you expect?	5
Lol this fan base has the memory of a goldfish.	3
I'll give you that. Society is generally in a decline. I don't date men so I can't speak to that.	4
">""Fuck it Im on my way out anyway"" ""Fuck it Im on my way out to Seattle"""	0
You and your lovable band of losers have already lost!	4
As someone who has been in a similar relationship, it is indeed emotional abuse.	4
I reported an old man for terrible driving and the police actually took it seriously (pleasantly surprised). It's worth a try!	5
The pink hats in here will tell us something different but we know the truth. Thanks for the comment	3
Honestly, State and Revolution is what made me ananarchist.	5
I was really hoping this was real like	3
Don't stay too long or you might go Nakamoto : P	3
After all that i expected it to not look terrible. Oh well.	2
Or at least a couple more visits to the booth. I enjoyed hearing him adding to the banter.	3
What a buttnoodle. Glad that “their” cat has a new family and that takes care of them. Thanks for sharing!	3
Then much of the advice here is terrible because it congratulates him on doing the entirely wrong thing.	0
Go to highschool with the guys I went with. You'll get the hang of it in no time..	3
Was he rejected because of his methodology or because of the content of his studies?	5
"To the rest of the world, I would like to say, ""Sorry."""	4
I feel like [NAME] would have laughed at it though. It was a one-liner. I thought it was funny.	3
I need to know the backstory on this!	3
Why not both? It would reduce crime. Significantly	5
I'm sorry but data and facts are more important than the emotional experience of having lived through something.	4
> I can give you a mouthful... Kinky.. Lol	3
Sounds like fun, actually?	5
Did you know that [NAME] got shot in the head while shooting AND HE KEPT ACTING	3
Oh my [NAME] do you value 'freedom' over safety?!	5
I feel bad for him and [NAME] i hate seeing the OGs fall #UNITEGAMING	4
Biggest Welfare Queen in the world!	3
Id rather do the highlights again just not a full match.	5
We love you [NAME]	3
But this is a 1v1 game with a couple thousand people playing right. There had to be a better match.	4
It didnt last long sadly	4
I'm starting to wonder if these are satire... They're too hilarious to be actual conservative memes.	3
Gone but not forgotten. You will be missed, you will be forever loved.	3
This is something I try to do every day and it makes me feel so at peace	3
Man, this just gets funnier even after seeing it for the 30th time in the last month! /s	3
YouTube is also fantastic for this stuff too.	3
Easy: he’s completely unrepresentative of Colorado and really bad at his job.	4
Great deal! It will be my loss if I decline.	3
[NAME] helped by hosting with her 12k? viewers from the drop event. But yeah, overall the viewership has increased in general. Which is great news.	3
That's really interesting! I've seen that happen before too	5
good to hear! I'm just gonna buy it when i'm done with my second playthrough so that i can judge Andromeda for myself	3
Maybe it's as dangerous for [NAME] to whip people up talking about treason and betrayal and all that as it is when [NAME] do it. Fancy that.	2
I love the title of it - “Everything Is Going to Be Okay”	3
Could you point to a specific policy of [NAME] that was to the left of [NAME] on race please?	5
I'll check that out. Thank you!!	3
yeah, i believe thats the only moving part in the whole device.	3
Ah cool, i heard more or less the same story but in Newcastle.	3
lmao I didn't realize that error.	3
My thoughts exactly. Love me some malicious compliance.	3
Don’t even really know what you mean.	5
Fock I cant breathe.	0
[NAME] is one of my favorite non dodger players, he’d make a great addition to the dodgers, hope they push for him	3
High five to that shit. We have 2 littles.....we are also exhausted lol	3
I was browsing the site and just figured r/Browns would do the trick...NOPE!	0
I liked the Celtics until I started following barstool.	3
I pray this changes.	3
Such a sad way to think of life all because these people believe there's something greater than this.	4
How are they gatekeeping here? There's zero claims being made. They're just standing by a sign.	5
[NAME] is my fav skater of all time he's sick	3
Enough in every catagory to be both respected by my peers and have respect for myself.	3
I know that, but it just reminds me of darkest dungeon too	5
Umm how about “Sorry I tried to kidnap our son.” He could start there.	0
Woah so [NAME] was finally unhappy with the team? I sense a lineup shuffle coming	5
Yo you USA? I’m on pc and want some people to play bo3 with.	3
I'm with you - I feel no connection....	0
how the absolute fuck did black panther get nominated for best picture? its marvel action schlock at its worst. blackkklansman on the other hand is a great movie	3
The only problem with this plan is that [NAME] won’t survive that long, lol	3
No way would I give up Albies even in a 1 for 1 scenario.	0
I. AM. AWARE. That doesn't make it cool and good for him to race bait.	0
i’d put forth that lots of people ACTIVELY DISLIKE dating and like being in relationships, so this wouldn’t help at all	0
You really should not group people with ones you have had bad experiences it will not help you grow	0
It’s not significant enough to be a bad move lol. It’s a push. Spalding is nothing	3
I feel a lil dumb now, but not as dumb as the idea to switch those subreddits	0
I was booing loud, so were a lotta others. That muthafuckah	0
That’s impressive. I haven’t picked up a book in over a year.	3
I will go back to actually read the piece in its entirely but wow. Her gray is so pretty. I’m jealous	3
They were not [NAME] and they don't know the identity of them !	0
Damn. Your bed must stink	1
These Red Dead Redemption graphics are amazing	3
What a rollercoaster	3
I’m pretty sure someone once said the name [NAME] and the word pig appear the same number of times as well... how would u respond.	5
Why shouldn't you	5
Insurance covers stupidity, so maybe they'd cover it?	0
Mom.......MOTHERFUCKING CRACK	0
I hate how much I love these and the Banquet brownies. Only redeeming part.	3
I remember that! She crashed and they asked her to leave lol. That was one of my fav moments.	3
Cheese Most of my friends love cheese so much that I’m scared to tell them that I can barely even bring myself to eat it	2
So I suppose they’re more like the flying monkeys than the wicked witch?	0
Dude it’s my dream to go to Australia on vacation	3
The 2nd worst president. First time i voted. Been trying to live it down ever since	1
Freaky, more like creepy	2
[NAME]* that would have been sliiiiick	3
I wish I didn't know that...😔	3
How else can you boil water in prison	5
People’s shame and cultural oppressions regarding sexual behavior is responsible for all the world’s woes.	0
The irony of you guys using an American website created because of capitalism is funny	3
7am. I’ll be done at 3pm. I’d love that	3
I like that we get to see how varied artists are.	3
[NAME] has to use a gun to defend himself after multiple robberies and an attempted rape...	3
Thanks for the reply. They are saying the engine issue is in cold weather. I live in NY. Does it get cold where you live?	3
Drink the kool-aid! Lol	3
Yes you should tell them and report him to the police for dating someone underage and giving her cigarettes.	0
Yeah, that makes sense, too. (Did it. Once. When I was like 16)	3
How often are parents like that? I’m legit curious.	5
Oh you just love to see that	3
Wow, I drive full time Uber and I thought there was something wrong with my eyes in the rain. Do other people struggle to see the Lines?	5
Just out of curiousity, how does 4:3 stretched look on a 21:9 monitor	5
"I laughed at this post. Not because I find your pain amusing, but your casual use of the word ""boner"" kinda ruined the serious tone."	5
Wolf spiders are crazy too. Plus they carry all their babies on them!	3
I gagged at unwashed zebra hoodie.	1
Wow I got a virus from just looking at this post	5
Animal Crossing made my wife into a vicious and abusive murderer.	4
"""Have you seen my ex girlfriend?!"" on KFC radio was the cringiest thing i've ever heard"	5
She reminds me if [NAME]. Half haked pictures with vague sayings. Ugh	1
Ahhh, my birthday month. I must go..	3
Oof lmao sorry buddy	4
I would have to imagine this girl has just been training super hard for the past few weeks.	3
This isn’t unpopular. Like 1 in 15 people actually think this... go say this shit in another sub	0
You seem like a well adjusted individual	3
Thanks for catching that. Fixed.	3
Super helpful. Thanks!	3
Yeah I'm actually pretty surprised that's not a thing yet, there's gotta be a lot of people working on it.	5
Wow must be a good market. Could maybe hit up to $150 a day	3
I'm sorry to tell you this but your mate probably touches children too. That's the only logical conclusion I can come to here.	4
I like how bro is just underlined for no reason	3
Genuinely laughed really hard	3
I wonder if that child puts it on his resume.	5
You serious?	5
Oh fuck off. Soooo...... when is [NAME] and the gang going to un mask [NAME] as President [NAME]?	0
No wonder RemindMeBot defaulted to one day :P	3
Don't use gay as an insult.	0
[NAME] what the hell is going on at hq	0
Yep, famous German basketball player. 7’ tall.	3
This was the scene that hooked me on the show.	3
Would you start by cutting all education or by cutting all healthcare?	5
It looks really pretty :D!	3
This same problem exists in playground as well.	3
One of the comments on that video: “Cat: I’ve waited far too long.” Hahaha	3
.250/.330/.460 imo. And for a team who has had no 1B since Tex, this is more than fine.	3
Sorry you feel that way	3
"Im not saying it wont be self titled, I could totally see that. What just asking how he knew it was ""fact"""	3
You’re as cool as a hand-job on a honeymoon. Go draw some anime and cry yourself to sleep.	3
Haha, no. But probably just because I hadn't thought to do it.	3
Yep.... Have fun	3
what are you scared of!	2
Spa's Absolutely love a spa. A proper one with a variety of sauna/steam rooms etc. It helps that they're usually full of women too.	3
You finna be nauseous as hell man, Dont stress it though just throw up	0
Fucking Instagram normies	0
Came on her face and she told you? Wow disrespect. Either she didn't know how you really felt or didn't care. Sorry about your luck	4
This is what you get for starring in a mediocre movie	5
If he was from a free pack he's not sellable, sorry	4
i see, thanks bro	3
My mom likes to use the word, “tripolar” for me and it’s aggravating.	0
That's what I was talking about. Eat one meal, then hibernate until you're so hungry you gotta eat again.	3
Qwertyuiop makes for a great snack though	3
You are BOTH awful people.	1
You might want to look into therapy	3
Thank you. It's great that I can come here and have lovely people like you help me to not feel so alone.	3
I've been watching him rant about it on twitter the past few days. I'm curious what his opinion on the game is outside the minigames.	5
We can't let the 8 year olds who are playing an M rated game see all of this bad language!!	0
I’m sorry about your friend.	4
Edit 2, holy shit this is great. But be cautious	3
Good lad!	3
Should you choose to have kids, you're going to make a good parent one day.	3
If the ps5 ends up having ps3 backwards compatibility I'll come back to this post to taunt you.	3
That's not even the sub I put. Bad bot.	0
Look at downvote_me_moreYOLO's posting history. Looks like a UofT student from the GTA. Judge the source and throttle your anger accordingly.	0
You can thank the Volkswagen diesel scandal for this...that plate was	0
And he be like - great and you? I'm like Great. And the conversation ends lol :-)	3
She's immortal now. Spread throughout the internet...shared by hapless idiots.	0
I'd be happy for them to take a shot at him, I think he's an excellent player and only getting better.	3
Yeah, I mean we’re all just in their wake over here. I’m humbled.	3
I wish ours was like that.	3
I like you [NAME] :)	3
You're so talented OP. I like your sense of humor. But it hurts too cuz too real :(	3
I'm really appreciate someone saying this.	3
It’s okay, my mom has always hated me and I’m fine.	4
to 6:30. Does that look fake to you?	5
Well I'm glad I decided to go to McD's instead of doing those lines!	3
Find like-minded people you can have meaningful conversations with. Everything else I consider a waste of my spare time.	0
One of my all-time favorite bands, and one of the best live acts you'll ever see!	3
[NAME], we have a guy with a bucket on his head and you have pornstars. I’m glad I live on this side of the Atlantic	3
I will definitely check that artist out, if there is something that can lift me up a little bit, it's new music.	3
Could you imagine the outrage if Canada rescued one of our citizens from the Saudi courts	5
I'm sorry. Now my entire bad pun looks even worse than it did when I started.	1
In the first game, definitely, but they're more even in 2/3.	3
As quick as possible? I wish. 2 hours and 9 minutes I will never get back	3
is it bad that i agree with this	3
seemed so anti [NAME] / classless, especially as [NAME] has kept his mouth shut.	0
Seize all his property and assets. Redistribute to homeless and single mothers/fathers. He loves food banks, let him use them.	3
I would love that, I kind of miss him	3
Six shots on goal for [NAME] and still nothing. This breaks my heart.	4
I’m wondering about those friends of hers that encouraged her to contact you..	5
This makes me so happy for you ♥️ I am glad you are getting the right kind of support you need!	3
Yepp. I've struggled to hold a job so I'd be in trouble without it.	2
We always look so hot headed at road 😞	0
Now I really hope he spends a few days meditating on music and then gets back to us on his insights regarding Giant Steps by [NAME].	3
If you'd like to suggest an alternative non-inflammatory metaphor for something that implies racism, I'm happy to consider it.	3
Any advice on if I should keep trying to start up some text conversations or just forget about that stuff for now	5
Oh I didn't know. Please give me his P.O. Box address so I can submit them immediately. Cause I am definitely uninterested in blowing out my intestines.	3
Idk what's so unrealistic about it. [NAME] is probably just as close to [NAME] as [NAME] and [NAME] are.	5
I was skeptical about it being huge but damn..	1
That’s pretty awesome :)	3
Ok I get that, like I said, different morals for different people. I was just curious how you got gender issues out of that	5
No problem! I’m glad we can help. Hope it goes well	3
That and customizable CSS makes me so happy. /r/Firefoxcss if you’re interested : )	3
Lived this, it didn’t workout for me. Good luck on that one, I’d never do it again.	3
oh shit u meant the actual post... yeh i live in china this all we got😂😂	4
Well why did you respond to me rather than starting your own comment thread?	5
Valid. That shit right there is valid as hell.	3
39 conveniently isn’t 40. :/ I’d drop him but take a look at his drivers license first just to settle my curiosity.	5
"I just want to shake her by her shoulders and be like ""*Why are you like this?!*"""	0
I got a weird vibe when he was placed on Colliton's staff, so I'm really glad it's turned out the way it did.	3
That definitely makes him a terrorist.	3
That would be awesome	3
We should sign him to a 4.5AAV contract now that he has already proved himself as an elite starter in the NHL.	3
If you find it I'm definitely sending it to my sibling. There's a special love for the weird in my family	3
No. Can’t get off to my own sex.	0
I often send my female friends Love poems. Oh wait, no, no I don't, because that is super weird.	4
Lmao. Idk why this made me laugh out loud so hard. Ig cause it’s actually true lol.	3
Umm Hmmm. Too bad [NAME] can't be reached via Ouija Board. People really need his help.	4
I use Lifesum too. I like the look of it more and I haven’t had any issues with it not working.	3
I love doxies. They're absolutely the best most pain in the ass wonderful loyal dogs.	3
Recover well. (Argh, my english is too terrible 🇲🇫)	3
People are idiots....sheep don't magically become independent thinkers just because their food source changes	0
I just love the fact that [NAME] is giving advice on Sex offenders	3
I have. Take care	3
"With a username like SomeMormonAsshooe, maybe it means ""convert."" So does the neighbor's wife *really* want to become a [NAME]?"	5
Sorry, sometimes I really can't tell in here.	4
Yes, that was indeed the joke, I’m glad you got it ;)	3
Same here. Waiting for the doctor rn. Hope you're ok	3
He had a dark haired mother and white-blonde haired dad. He's got his mom's looks. That's it.	3
Access should be hindered it's getting destroyed.	0
You mean the best.	5
Ugh can you imagine marrying into one of these families?	5
Did he mention what you guys would do?	5
What if she’s also the franchise owner who likes to get to know her customers better?	5
Thank you! My Bravo blog is	3
CBD dog treats. They’ve worked wonders for my dog when it comes to fireworks.	3
I honestly don’t know who’s out there that’s better for [NAME]	5
Pretty torn about this post. Glad you made a friend but it sounds like you’re encouraging her habits and it’s not cool.	3
It’s because he so consistently lies and states mistruths. Why keep listening to a dishonest idiot?	0
Well now I have [NAME] in my head for the morning! Love a bit of Northern soul.	3
Scary times we live in.	2
I honestly have no idea what [NAME] offers Genuinely don't rate him	0
me too thanks	3
Hey guys, thanks for tuning in to another video on	3
Seems full of himself, but he also seems like an ok dude.	3
I don't.	0
an obvious joke	3
Work on the pitching, that was a weakness of the team last season.	4
Oh please lol	3
This sounds like a toxic relationship for the both of you. Seems miserable... I’d hate to be in that relationship	0
Love me some FA cup	3
“I hate rich people” - people using website made by rich person on a device made by a rich person.	0
Fingers crossed. Its the chosen people and not the choice people for a reason.	3
Ah, maybe the YouTube sound or phone sound. I don't know if it can tell when I turn off my desktop speakers	5
That opening is quite terrible tbh	2
Thank you [NAME]!	3
"I absolutely love that idea ""BuT a CoP tOlD mE"""	3
"No. I'm against the idea that one can ""liberate"" farm animals in the same way we can liberate human societies."	0
Thank you for that link, ended up finally having a nice quote to make as a flair	3
Listen to yourself. What other things do u want to shove down the throats of others in the name of tolerance and humanity? [NAME].	5
*I love pressure. I eat it for breakfast.*	3
Happy New Year	3
Oh no! That’s my favorite! Nothing like losing an organ to get you to eat healthier.	5
You're a legend.	3
Why would you need to take his phone or car? He can get a job or move out.	5
I love the claps after he fell 🤣	3
Wow, i never really understood how bad the star wars perecuelse really are till this moment.	5
TLDR; we get many drizzle days and our summers are amazing.	3
I mean it makes sense, they're into [NAME] because they totally dig the horribly socially stunted types so they love [NAME] for horribly traumatizing her.	2
You’re a joke	3
But now we're stressed out.	2
Lmao we really tried that again	3
Heck, you're one cool dude, guy.	3
It's both we only have like 5 good players and two of them are just a rookie and a sophomore	3
Never listen to songs with someone you love. Just don't. Trust me.	0
I live in Shanghai and order directly from a plantation in Yunnan espresso roasts for home consumption. Absolutely fantastic.	3
But all this does is hurt the average person not the right way to raise money.	4
No problem People repost and don’t credit, so it’s a necessary evil Thanks for the feedback	3
!!!!! Best girl	3
What was that, I couldn't hear you over my easy to clean cookware!	5
Our village prosecutor actually made that joke when the judge couldn't read my ticket.	3
Sorry, I just got to give you an extra upvote for 'twat waffle'. It really sums it up marvellously.	4
Just wondering why they called the cops but not an ambulance seeing as how he was covered in blood and disoriented.	5
That would...hurt	0
You're going to be pissed.	0
lool ok I laughed pretty hard at this.	3
Thanks for posting.	3
Is that [NAME]?	5
I chopped it up a little for you. I hope that helps. I'm not sure I can make that much more concise.	3
“That ad is an over-generalization!” “Most men feel this way and agree with me!” Hm. 🤔	3
It's very rare that I have literally no idea who a player is, but here's one.	5
Totally. I didn’t even realize it was my dream until it happened.	5
You don't even provide a verifiable example, why should I accept your evidence.	0
What a great haircut	3
[NAME] royally fucked up that last rotation. Also did [NAME] even get a single kill with their specialists ?	0
I have several questions.	5
Been getting this same feeling these days.. idk what it is I just have no drive anymore maybe once the cwl comes back it’ll help	4
Real nice, swearing up a storm right in front of your kids.	3
My [NAME] accuses me of cheating all the time too when I’ve been nothing but loyal. Makes me wonder if she was cheating on me too...	4
Not sure what carrier you have but TMobile has a pretty damn good scam call blocker included in their plans.	3
Im glad [NAME] was there for us	3
bro if you can't hold your pee for 30 min, you should go see a doctor	3
It’s like you guys actually **want** a dictator.	0
Is there any attempt to use non-tainted symbol and to steer a non-hateful discourse in order to represent their pride?	5
Thank you! It will help a lot	3
this is cute	3
I figured, just thought I’d throw it out there. Love you :)	3
Perfect dynamite moment. Rank up those buckles.	3
Looks like modern art tbh but its good	3
Destroyed property is the same as lynching someone for their race.	3
Not the fact that it's a terrible comparison?	1
Great idea to brag about workplace violation on Facebook!	3
You just brushed off the entirety of his video and reverted back to the original argument.	3
That DJ Wilson Pass was a thing of beauty. So unselfish and skillfully done.	3
Somehow this hurt more than the Saturday game.	4
I see you're a man of culture as well. But realistically this will never happen because... Disney :/	5
I loved how proud [NAME] looked	3
Don’t think there is a single person that thinks he overreacted there	0
Like thanks for your valuable input?	3
Lighten up buddy.	3
>a water molecule spends around 600 years in Lake Superior. I guess it takes a while lol	3
LOL! You're fucked.	3
I'm thinking he ment [NAME] but he's still a karma stealing whore.	0
"I really love how he just flung out ""dead mum"" on the offhand chance your mum was actually dead. High risk, high reward."	3
Oh well... I'll like both of you.	3
did he just hecking kill [NAME]	5
Wow, ouch...	5
other than the fact that she's totally korean you mean?	5
"!remindme 4 days ""Stupid Entitled Parent, sunglasses"""	0
Protecting the border is self-defense. It's not really a selfish thing to do.	5
Ah, the movies are fine. It's pretending they're a profoundly trascendental form of art that I find ludicrously funny.	3
Sorry man, it's not gonna happen. The music needs to be remastered for vinyl specifically and that's more than your budget.	0
It’s still undeniably them though. Drawn in the foreground in somewhat true color to make sure it’s a clear homage.	3
Hate the taste, switched to a plastic nalgene bottle	0
Thank you! Ill sign up as soon as its working! I checked it a few min ago and its still giving the error.	3
Have fun in the farmer's league.	3
Poor kitty. All you can do is give her extra treats, playtime and cuddles.	4
I saved up for a top hat recently and it turns out not to fit as I have a large skull. Thanks for your kind words.	3
Always look to the odd years brother.	3
if your paraphilia is public facing at any point in your life I think it's reasonable to assert that there's something wrong	3
So sorry for your loss! I lost my cat 6 years ago in 2021 due to terminal autism. 😭😭	4
well you done did it lol	3
saved... i'll enjoy this video	3
I have one crazy as hell three year old boy.	0
It's a god awful feeling. It's changed me a little, but time heals wounds.	0
😅 sorry. Lol	3
But who is filming him?	5
How is that sarcasm lol just feels like you’re backpedaling	3
Provided you didn’t break any of their rules, you should email OKC support.	3
Not guarantee. Only increased risk with time.	0
This is probabaly going to be an unpopular opinion but I definitely think all police cars should be clearly marked, unless they're part of an undercover operation.	0
Is there any way you and your partner could borrow more money for college and live on/near campus?	5
Unfriend this kid in all ways possible. Sucks for both of you, but this could be much worse.	0
Makes sense, I don’t think I called out to them ever. Thanks.	3
Pay this man	0
[NAME] is great	3
I don't think eating 4 eggs at a time is going to clog your arteries, unless you do it like 6 times a day	0
Thank you so much. Thank you, thank you.	3
You’re truly welcome :)	3
He is good! Funny thing is, a lot of the religious dogmatics in his videos remind me of certain IT posters.	3
I will be surprised if this actually has an impact. Just a few statements about the importance of the commitment to defeat ISIS and the withdrawal will continue.	5
[NAME] was pretty cool on The Challenge so I would love to see him on CBB.	3
How sad that you think because [NAME] wants something we should no longer want it. Grow up you child. Life does not revolve around you or [NAME].	4
lol instead of getting blocked he deleted his account and called us all soulless and depraved.	3
I'm so racist and self important I refuse to braid this girls hair	0
I’m not sure you watched it.	5
"she said (i swear to [NAME]) her doctors told her she wasnt bipolar and has ""anxiety caused by other people"" "	3
What did we do to deserve [NAME]? Loved that guy since his buff days	3
I can't believe people voted us to beat Sydney. I've become extremely optimistic over the past few months and even i voted Sydney.	5
wow, you guys have a body language now?	5
Wow - never seen negative karma before I clicked on your name lol.	5
Unfortunately, on that we can agree.	3
I really hope your marriage is healed and can become stronger than ever.	3
My drunk gf found each sentence of this joke funnier than the last and is now covered in toothpaste	3
Wasn't me I'm the defensive [NAME]. But trust me we were all equally confused, and delighted.	0
What prompted you to change? Just curious. She does have a tinge of perfectionism.	5
That’s depressing	4
She’s my girl crush	3
You don't get it, do you? There has already been a 51% attack attempt at BCH and the attackers lost.	5
Nope, don’t even know what dart is. Sorry. And thanks!	3
How do you feel that other drivers know your next move?	5
Watched it last night and as someone not generally into supernatural horror/thriller type stuff, I thought it was pretty damn enjoyable.	3
N00b account tosses insults - how surprising.	5
I’m not crying.. You’re crying!	4
A lot of the tik tok meme songs actually😂. They really make me laugh and hyped at the same time haha!	3
Wow! Good for her! I’m so glad she was able to see through the bullshit!	3
Gentile is a perfectly fine term (not as coopted ironically by the white supremacists). Do you disagree?	5
If the goal of this show is to consistently find people with horribly annoying voices, I have to say the producers are spot on.	0
I didn’t say for how long I’d been in it. :) Maybe it was made of ply board and garbage!	3
I need help with corsets but otherwise would be mortified to need help for every day clothes.	3
It’s perfect!	3
i ended up crying and breaking down once i got to my friends house, i'm so sorry that happened to you as well :~(	4
[NAME] that bottom picture. the brows mixed with the hair terrify me 😰	2
oh, that's cool! Well, i'll say that the budget for this one definitely shows!	3
Good luck. :)	3
This sub is a fucking joke now	0
Wow! You must have pretty low standards for teachers in your state/school! I guess that's why Massachusetts is always first for education.	3
More along the lines of “I could stick that vein with my eyes closed and one hand tied behind my back” lol	3
I love how he said he was moving on and then didn't move on. Classic [NAME]!!	3
The value of the knowledge from the books you could buy is priceless!	3
what a great idea.. i suggest they use it to insulate all the homes of the [NAME] administration and of [NAME]!!	3
So you lucky you won as you work illegal teach. Glad you leave.	3
This thread is one of worst things I've ever read	1
Thanks guys for the explanation, didn't know that!!	3
Yep! It's still busy. Slightly less crowded but still fun!	3
They're demonized because they're annoying.	0
Which Ottawa should have done with him 2 seasons ago.	5
Yayyy!!! Go little green bean go!!! Good job trainer!!	3
I’m sorry to hear this. Unfortunately online dating is trying to find the bits of gold in a pile of pyrite	4
It isn't complicated at all. You are growing up. Congrats.	3
Probably just do the job and try to work out your anxiety rather than taking the path of least resistance which offers no character growth. Best of luck	3
Is your PC beefy? It looks like Battlefield god damn	0
How so? How do you keep stupid people from voting?	0
Look at their post history, they're just spouting nonsense to get a rise out of people. Dont be the guy that falls for it, its embarassing	4
But the seriousness makes it funnier. YES HELLO 311? SOMEONE IS WRONG ON THE INTERNET.	3
Ah yes. I remember we began with three.	5
Can confirm, I have 2 (but be careful as you may still be allergic to their saliva)	3
Exactly. How that woman has survived two no confidence votes amazes me.	5
It worries me that there are people that miss the meaning of a subject by so much. Your critical thinking skills sadden me.	4
Yeah I love my friends and my own cats on drugs. They're the perfect buddies. I love being with them when I'm tripping.	3
Is she dead? She looks dead...	5
Congratulations fellow lobster!!	3
This article was written so poorly that it's hard to take seriously. It's like a stream of consciousness with very little to actually say	0
Yeah you’re right, I’m not fit for the position! Thank you for giving me the right words to say.	3
Im having a lot of fun, please continue the show	3
But...but...I just bought a new gun in Fallout '76.....and America is the centre of the universe!! :'(	4
Nice catch.	3
Me too! First time in a couple of years!	3
Um, no, it wouldn't be days before anyone looked for a missing kid. Hours maybe. Not days.	0
I am so so happy for you. <3	3
Lol I know, gross right? I'm hate watching the tell all again right now haha	0
Block him and stop replying to his comments. Not worth it.	0
Oh [NAME] what happened?? A water main break up there😂	5
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.	5
Lmao good man	3
Would u rather the food go into the bin or be eaten by birds?	5
Do you have to inject insulin into your veins? I'm assuming yes but I've never seen anyone do it.	5
That's some good stuff! What did you think about [NAME]?	5
i can't believe i havent seen this before. well i was going to watch nosferatu tonight but change of plan	5
sorry. I don't want to put words in your mouth.	4
I've not- I'll have to put it on my watchlist.	3
So happy to see [NAME] regaining his form... we had to sacrifice [NAME] for it, but i’m okay with that...	3
I am so sorry for your loss and all the stress you have right now. All the internet hugs you want right now! <3	4
How do we do handle the venom, and marvel is all metaphors-avi [NAME]	5
No, not sarcastically :)	0
I like you both.	3
Suppressing anger is a horrible idea. You want to dissipate it in some healthy way, not bottle it up.	3
What makes you think any of it is hoarded? It’s likely to be near 100% invested.	5
If you’re you and comfortable, you go, girl.	3
Your ideas are intriguing to me and I wish to subscribe to your newsletter.	3
I'm glad you can relate. I'm glad in a really alienated, empty way. But glad, still. Probably.	3
I’m picking up my fourth one tomorrow. CZ Scorpion Evo 3 .... and I’m stoked	3
Yepp, plenty of people like a nice big bush! I literally have no preference and think both are totally sexy.	3
Aquaria just lost her shit when the Cup Toss challenge went awry	4
Uh, no. Not even remotely.	0
Future MILs love LOVE love getting on Reddit though.	3
Or take FETO, most of those purged probably never did a single wrong thing in their life What?	5
not to worry, I'm on the case.	3
"Super petty. The story makes you sound pretty jealous and controlling, as well. Especially the ""SJW"" line... It sounds like a 16-year-old incel. "	3
Yeah that happens t	5
Oh for fuck sake. Things were going so well on the coaching front. This dude is nothing but a suck up	0
I can’t tell you how much I appreciate it. <3 Thank you.	3
I find it boring and, at times, incredibly annoying in all of the games. It completely lost its appeal somewhere around Black Flag.	0
Oh yeah, I forgot about the mean one.	5
Not so sure. I have a decent body but until I took the time to focus on my posture I was slouching.	5
Where are the frozen pie crusts? Can you call someone on that (handheld)? Can you get me a fish?	5
yep. And there are jobs I still would want done, they just shouldn't be government	0
Yes, I dont trust people very much so I tend to push them away, and I feel like I dont have enough energy to keep up with people	0
What a legend. True spidey meme master	3
It makes me uncomfortable for anyone to force physical affection on anybody, it doesn’t matter the age.	0
mmmmm.... love me some kapusta with some bacon bits	3
Not surprising.	4
Me too 💕	3
As a non-religious that’s fascinated by [RELIGION], I love this 😅.	3
The classic artifact player response to criticism: you just dont understand it loool	3
No we're getting Kinsler and be happy with it	3
We're worse to animals than we were 100 years ago, js.	1
“What a bummer. He ded. I look at sky. Maybe bird make me happy.”	3
Great news. Maybe they will be shut down.	3
Hey [NAME], just wanted to say thanks for coming to Minnesota, that’s all :)	3
I know North America is a big place but I wonder what it will take to see similar crowds in cities over here.	5
[NAME] from ZoE and [NAME] from TTGL. Actually fuck all that [NAME] from The Big O is where it's at.	0
I hate roundabouts. For some reason road designers have a fetish for them as more and more are popping up. For cyclist they are rings of death	0
And then the oligarchs in charge will be forced to say how they really feel about America... this bizarre logic has very interesting potential.	3
Well that sucks	0
Crazy how before the offseason everyone was talking 350-400 mill deals for [NAME] and [NAME] as if that was all but inevitable	5
Good thing I don't watch porn lol	3
Man, my USDA loan took months to process even when the govt wasn’t shut down.	0
Wow. That'll teach you to try and help!	3
Haha, I feel that	3
How am I arguing? I thought it was pretty clear I'm asking how something works in what I presume is a different county.	5
I used to build a ramp and jump over other kids on my bike ala [NAME]... I was amazed at the time.	5
This is awesome. What did they play?	3
[NAME] has shot the three well the past few games. great to see	3
The main reason I left is a hidden mmr used to influence matchmaking in a mode that requires a paid entry. That's disgusting	1
reminds me of Far Cry 5	5
As someone who went through school before the internet existed, yes, weird creepy kids existed. Although it was more in your face.	1
I'm with the photo guy. It would be an awful feeling to watch your date flirt with some other dude ON YOUR DATE.	0
Have faith, I'm sure there is enough fan support for more popular characters to be brought back.	3
I’m sure [NAME] was thinking this when he told his daughter that she stunk like a toilet on his deathbed.	3
This is cute.	3
Why slum it if they’re giving you actual cost?	0
Wow does that really work? I've never heard of anyone doing that before.	5
That moment is always noted in YouTube video comments!	5
Nice, thanks!!	3
You first! Make it more interesting than this!	5
If i remember I drank the rest of the liquor my friends and I were sharing then blacked out	5
I take showers at night and I desperately need one atm. My hair has been really greasy recently.	3
Wow [NAME] went cold... can’t wait to see [NAME] find out why!	3
[NAME], but I’m not sure he is gonna be a piston for a long time.	5
Am yisrael chai is a phrase we should never take for granted.	3
Oh my bad, i didn't know, thanks for telling me!	3
These comments are in stark contrast to the more level-headed ones in r/news. Wonder why?	5
Sorry, I misread	4
I always compared him to [NAME].	3
Danggit. Im mad i didn't think of that	0
Since I was a kid I knew I preferred funny, smart, interesting girls to conventionally attractive ones. Really tore me up the feeling wasn't mutual.	4
New flavour! I love it!	3
Wow. That is shockingly uncool.	5
I like [NAME] but he's got bizarre mechanics on his jumper and no arc.	3
Proof of [NAME] love for mankind, beer and dogs. Love both and abuse neither.	3
I would have preferred that. But he wanted the big party, which admittedly, was super fun.	3
Yeah, turns out there are some SNEAKY Grizzlys there that can surprise even a dog.	5
Well gen 3 was my first so it’s great!	3
In my experience, yes.	3
If his seat was vacant, would there be a special election in 2020 if it happened soon? Not wishing him dead or whatever.	5
Sorry man. Didn't realize I was talking to a Russian spam bot. Please give my best to [NAME].	4
This sucks so much and I’m sorry. I hope you recover and have a wonderful life.	3
Unless you have an established career and are a high earner then sorry but you _are_ the shared housing type.	4
What, we are all gonna be corpses soon. Do I become that sooner?	5
This is his 2nd marriage that he has cheated in. She refuses to see how much of a snake he is.	0
I can't wait for mom to slap his hand down	3
Wyrmwood was extremely my shit and I loved every second of it.	3
My guess? Porn. PIED.	5
He sounded so disappointed when he realized they just wanted sex :( Poor OP!	4
One day I just want to show up to my parents’ with a Starbucks cup or maybe some Taco Bell on a Sunday.	3
I realised hatred does only more of self damage. Over time even the hatred fades.	5
Like [NAME] Dad who was replaced after only 1 appearance, [NAME]	3
Tell... what? I’m confused.	5
True but still very unlikely, mostly just vocal harassment and maybe a few small objects. Something tells me police will be there	3
At least you can admit you missed it	4
Love the laugh at the end	3
That’s always what I thought as well, but isn’t that essentially being transphobic, etc?	5
Dammit as a mom of boys that made me straight up tear up	0
Awe poor guy! He still has a sweet face even with the new addition. Glad they were ok.	3
"Exactly, she wasn't ""venting"", she was abusing his fiancee. "	0
I guess 14 years of customer service experience is good for something after all.	3
The restaurant business is pretty sleazy. There are a lot of affairs there.	3
I guess that's better. I think an important aspect of feminism is that it allows idealized women to be imperfect yet exemplary nevertheless.	3
That looks like some pretty intense “homework”	3
Memes are going to get fucking fantastic though	3
Am just curious to know where this pic was taken. A rare perspective	5
I wish [NAME] was fit enough to be fourth choice.	3
nice try, [NAME]	3
I second that. A broader mobilization and awareness would go a long way.	3
"[NAME] hears bible verses and is like ""fuck this shit"""	1
What's with the click? I don't get it... It ruins the joke *hangs up*	5
Seeing [NAME] on Sunday and I'm so fucking stoked	3
His work schedule is pretty consistent so I should be able to move out when he's at work. Thanks for your advice.	3
Every time [NAME] is in one of these things, I keep remembering that Trinity Soul exists. It was not a very memorable show.	4
Happy Birthday!! It was great seeing her at the Royal Rumble and SmackDown.	3
Ok, I gots to know, was the child taken away? Please tell me the child was taken away.	5
[NAME] TAKE MY HEART	3
Also do something special no matter how corny it might be to reward yourself. You deserve it friend!	3
Lightborn, [NAME] Demise, Look at a wall, Bait out the flashlight person, Slug. Wow, so hard.	3
Oh I went to make soup and must’ve missed that	5
The sad part is that we are not trying to tank	4
Yes. Combined.	3
Do you feel better now?	3
Lol ahh man this made me laugh so hard. That filled my laugh gauge for the day.	3
Rename yours to Fuck and let alphabetical order take care of the rest.	0
Thanks for the [NAME] quote.	3
Thank you so much I'm going to start it right after the Golden Globes!	3
Stop texting him until you meet him. What if he is weird, creepy, not your type etc.	3
"Well, actually it is a joke on how mansplainers often start their mansplaining with: ""well, actually""."	3
That’s something I hadn’t considered. I’ll do just that. Thank you!	3
It is so refreshing to have [NAME] gone.	3
It WAS a naïve grandma!! 😅	5
I got second hand embarrassment so hard my face is still red after few minutes of glancing at one of those google docs.	4
The worst Alabama loss under [NAME]. It was a good day.	3
You’re a badass for recognizing this!! Props to you!	3
Oh no this is cute	3
"My work days are usually similar....but even the ""good morning"" is hard for me to initiate some mornings. I feel your pain!"	3
the tears of unfathomable sadness ... mmm yummy!	4
Hell yeah! Don't let all the jokes get to you. You be happy being you!	3
Oo! OO!! I know this one... ME!	3
I am sorry but you dont have a saying in this matter. Its up to your parents to solve this.	4
I'd love if Sony use [NAME] as [NAME] in a Venom movie. I want [NAME]	3
I love how the girl on her phone in the background sees what happened but just doesn’t care...must happen all the time.	3
Thank you once again! I'm officially out of question now lol Happy New Year!	3
Just do the steps and stop complaining.	0
*what the fuck*	0
‘You’re not so smart’ Wow what a murder /s Trash post	0
I hope she wins next week	3
You have friends that reddit? What a peculiar notion.	5
Outwardly projecting someone you aren't internally sounds exhausting. Hopefully coming on here will provide some form of relief for you.	3
Made me so angry to read that, I almost downvoted your comment. Upvoted, for sure. Grr!	0
Ok. Got it. Thanks	3
But how does he.....but where will he......can he even........fuck it I’m out	5
Now if only America would do this	3
UNCLE RADITZ IS PISSED!!!	0
Nice of them to call back to [NAME] dyslexia with the two different spellings of deodorant	3
I live in Mississippi, I don't know what the legality is in my circumstances	5
I’m pretty sure it’s soup chef.	3
Oh man! Oh boy!	3
It goes away and can be treated. Once treated it would never return until she had another child.	3
The type of gun he's holding. My bad, my joke wasn't as obvious as I thought.	4
I'm just glad they'll chill out in the main sub, they were swarmin.	3
Favourite month??!!	5
And it is always because of a dropped combo that should have killed	4
I respect your laziness.	3
Bingo! I would not/could not be in a relationship with someone who denies their child a parent by choice.	0
I bet he took down his USA flag to put this one up instead lol	3
Maybe shes the type of person that can take a slap and move on with her life. Hey sometimes you think to yourself did i deserve that?	5
Where in that sentence did I mention US backed CIA coups? You're fucking shameless.	0
The only life that needs to be ended here is the life of the guy that raped your daughter. Abortion is just medicine	0
did it work?	5
Damn. And loosing all Progress on the first Char ?	4
We could cure child cancer and pictures like this would still make me happier	3
Lol what an edgelord	3
I already know what they're dealing with, i just cant help without hurting them emotionally or lying to them	3
I had an urge today. Went straight to the gym. Problem solved. Find something to replace your urges with	3
Well glad she got out of the situation safely. I would much rather NOT have to investigate and know someone is safe.	3
And if she isn't? That relationship could be wrecked and your friend destroyed for nothing	0
that was a horrible call	1
Ahem. There are those who think that life Has nothing left to chance A host of holy horrors To direct our aimless dance	4
This. I saw a life pro tip a couple weeks ago about this. I cant believe how clean my kitchen has gotten.	5
Please no, I have a family!!!	2
Unfortunately on my end, it’s only pecks during sex. Pretty boring. Never open mouthed or anything like that.	4
I don't wish abortions on any woman. It's a terrible thing to endure. Necessary, sure, but it's still grim.	2
Thats a move i havent seen before	5
Nah. Mine was wrapped around my neck and I am a gun loving medical student.	3
I grew up in the upper peninsula of Michigan so I love the ShopKo reference because those stores are usually in places with depressed economies.	3
I’m really high and laughed too hard at this video, normally I would feel really bad for the old fella.	3
You guys are fools. This is gold.	0
It’s tough to adjust when counter-battery is incoming. They’re just hoping for that one-round FFE.	3
Have a nice day sport.	3
When you can't hold in years of emotional trauma anymore	4
[NAME] are as anti-men as democrats. Forcing your kids to be masculine because they're boys is as bad as brainwashing them with feminist crap.	0
Damn [NAME] great move	3
It shouldn't be, I feel like that's happened to us many times!	0
Maybe. It's an interesting theory for sure :)	3
I agree with you! Just wishful thinking from me I guess aha!	3
It was weird, but there were usually just 5/6 players at each scene at most, and the rest would be usually doing other stuff.	4
I know, right? Burger King is clearly superior. No wonder he is FA.	5
His 2 point shooting has been bad this season atleast he is still staying aggressive	0
That's what is so stupid about this. My dog gets dreads on its ass sometimes when it poops. Is that appropriation?	0
Absolutely no one was surprised at her choice to run in 2016...	5
Yep. They'll declare a national emergency and use army troops to seize all the plastic straws from chick fil a restuarants in the country	3
Hmm. I don't disagree. It's unfortunate.	3
I arbitrarily hate poo-lice Get OUT OF MY POO	0
Atlantica combat is unlike anything else. So fun. Didnt know it was still arkund; I wish it wasnt so Asia difficult and grindy	3
I laughed at this harder than I'd expected to. Also, joke's on them when those turds freeze solid like everything else in the Midwest rn.	3
Take your upvote, you no good bastard.	0
I'll take two please good ser.. How many chickens do I owe you ?	5
I'd love to see [NAME] in a 4-3 to be honest.	3
Not the right sub, I'm afraid.	2
This looks really cool. r/twobestfriendsplay would love this.	3
Especially mean! I’m with you. I like the funny posts but people use social media as an excuse to just be horrible people	3
I don't know what that is	5
Every time I think about how close we were to getting [NAME] it hurts a little bit more...	4
i started smoking cigars at 30 lol	3
Thanks for the summary. I was having a hard time keeping up! :)	3
Thanks so much!!!	3
"Ok maybe I misunderstood your argument, so your just sayin that state's still have significant ""autonomous"" power? Because I agree with that."	3
I guess the answer is pretty obvious too lol. It would be silly if you posted “[NAME] too...” the bucs?	3
Wait.....What? You do know that's not how it works, right?	5
If you've ever heard him speak on almost anything he's clearly extremely intelligent even if he's being crass.	3
Wow I never noticed that either before you pointed it out	5
Better try next time. Remember to apply yourself and learn history instead of getting angry.	3
This guy hasn't learned his lesson. Bake 'im away, toys!	0
Not threatening? It is an exhortation to commit a violent sexual act against a woman.	5
A tree is useful today and 20 years ago, these people aren't.	0
I’ll give it a shot. Thanks for the alert. If this sub consistently hates it, it can’t be that bad.	3
So you are projecting to defend your hate. Nice psyche you have there enlightened one	0
**LOVE TO HEAR IT B**	3
It infuriates me how many layers of tape these things have sometimes.	0
Oh sweet! From their website I wasn't sure what age group it was geared toward.	5
[NAME], Thank you!	3
Yeah that was his mistake	3
This made me incredibly happy and incredibly sad. Sometimes this universe robs us of the wrong people.	4
Sooooo happy for you.	3
You didn't deserve to win after drafting [NAME] in the 2nd	0
"I'm curious about ""STERN? guy"" from the Phantom Menace review. I've never seen him in anything since."	5
Hate that scene? Believe it or not, jail.	0
HUGE difference! SO important! Amen sister.	5
Racism is as racism does - so yeah, goin' out and willfully doing racist shit is indeed racist. Not too hard to grasp.	0
Some people on here are infatuated with his infatuation.	5
I’m also glad I’m not the only one that swears a lot at the bastard objects.	3
You are one pathetic human being.	4
i'm just making fun of how when moids say they like personality they dont really mean it	3
For be just being a handsome guy works wonders.	3
My [NAME], I totally forgot about that! I really really hope he married [NAME]... They would be an amazing married couple!	3
Keep playing whit your 1k players LUL	3
Yeah that’s what confuses me, like most people (men) who are here are just incels in denial	5
felt like that shot by palms was our first in a while	3
A few months ago I would have loved that idea. Hard pass now.	3
great weed, terrible vaccination rates.	3
If we don’t get [NAME], [NAME], [NAME], or [NAME]..... I’ll be so sad	4
I just see yes	3
I love [NAME], but I'd trade him for equal time at equal cost from Trout before I took half a breath.	3
_Ooh, it looks like we just sold the last one earlier today_	3
No problem here. Bio hardly ever matches the personality	0
Rainy weather must have gotten them... no idea. But i've never seen a dead hummingbird and saw 2 within 5 feet of each other :(	5
My all time favorite band!!! Now my son listens to them and [NAME]!	3
The best for a reason.	3
Looks like he's got the funk.	3
This is not a comedy subreddit. It is a subreddit about the unexpected.	5
Imagine that when you breath in, your lungs feel crispy, that’s what -10 feels like	0
Worse, he murdered King [NAME] in the most cowardly way possible. Both in the books and the show.	0
I want to come back as a tree	3
Why does [NAME] have extra nipples on his arms?	5
Anyone going to The Federal in North Hollywood tonight? I’ve never been and I’m wondering what the crowd will be like.	5
Srs I have tears in my eye from laughing... and also because I’m immunocompromised and live not too far from there lmaoooooooooo	3
Thank you! Definitely listening to this one.	3
Omg a drop pass worked. 👀	5
I was hoping it wouldn’t come to that tbh...	3
I also take the pill continuously for endometriosis. I will never go back. I love those pills.	3
I'm sorry. I hope he takes the CTJ talk seriously. Fingers crossed for you!	3
The Broadway store was popular too. I get that it's regulated now but it's a shame.	4
The nerve of that [NAME] album on his wall. I still can’t believe he has a child.	5
Wow. Some people are so stupid. But if it was me I would have opened the door and at least put it inside the doorway.	5
Thank [NAME] you used this prequel quote and not, “You’re exactly the way I remember you in my dreams.”	3
happy cake day	3
"I am glad I found this subreddit ""gatekepping"" is a phenomenon vocab btw."	3
I feel this but I also sympathize with mentalcels because I’m mentally ill and it makes me feel even worse.	4
[NAME] is worse.. [NAME] is really bad as well..	1
Thanks for the sauce boss	3
Not [NAME]. He really didn’t seem like the Canuck players that played with him missed him at all.	0
He looked like he fell in love	3
Hard to describe, but I get a more relaxed sleep with cbd.	3
I feel the exact same way. It makes me so insecure	3
stay safe man	3
Hahaha where was this when I started out.	3
thanks older generations :)	3
I laughed way harder then i shouldve	3
This team doesn’t deserve to go the playoffs. Only [NAME] deserves to go. Is that possible?	5
Alexa play Sad!	4
"Very well said. I am no fan of pinkers ""everything is awesome"" narrative of the modern world either."	3
She is my friend	3
“People said I was stupid for stretching out my lobe so far that it ripped. Well who’s stupid NOW?”	0
Lmao compelling argument bud	3
Lol people still watch CBS?	3
That moment when you feel isolated in r/ForeverAlone. Never had anyone like me	0
The mom looks like my great aunt when she was younger.	3
Idk is this is a lie or something, but I’ve heard people say that over 1500 independent observers found the elections free and fair	5
It doesn't have to only effect one for it to affect women.	0
Hopefully they can bounce back and take out the anger of this loss on the pistons, then start a new win streak	3
Bingo! “I tried but those dirty libtards wouldn’t fund it. Sad.” Will be involved somewhere	3
You have devoted yourself to this guy and he thinks you would be a bad mom. Fuuuuuuuck this guy. You deserve better.	0
The Donald raiders are the most savage of the bunch, they not only downvote brigade but also annihilate civil debates	3
Truly wretched.	4
Based on the down votes I can say this is truly an unpopular opinion although it shouldn't be	0
r/outoftheloop here; could you explain why this is good? I'm assuming he's a scummy shitlord.	5
Okay thanks for the advice!	3
I'm not crying, you're crying	0
I'm surprised no one posted a Meat thread yet...	5
I'd worry about traffic more than the TSA.	2
Came here looking for the knowitall that explains the difference. Disapointed in reddit today.	4
no worries, just clean your room	3
Wow, this is terrifying.	2
I could crush him like a bug right now.	0
Can't remember how many times i died there. Death is easy if you keep spamming holy water in the corner	5
I'm hoping it's more statistical noise at this point still, but it's definitely worrying.	2
So uncharacteristic for an INTJ but country music is my favorite genre!	3
How aren’t you in fucking school	0
nice shot of that full moon on the first day of winter!	3
Strange how you know they are 16...	5
Thanks :)	3
The last message was particularly painful to read	4
It was on a washed out road in the at 2am. Which makes it even worse. They never should have been towing that vic.	1
Wow this is pretty interesting. We should have a thread about what's it like to grow up in a polygamous household	3
Almost heaven...	3
Yeah, that's why I'm not feeling like there's much I can do except vent.	4
Everybody seems to be lost.	4
A girl that ugly only liking me isn't a compliment its an insult and it shows [NAME] hates me	4
Definitely accurate, lasted about a month total in a Disney “internship” program... was more like slavery. Terrible experience that ruined Disney for me	2
I hate to be that guy, but there are 6’0” + women	0
it made me cry too when [NAME] return to her older self😢	4
Well said, being alone is a stronger feeling than love!	3
It’s a wonder [NAME] didn’t get more duis with the amount he needed to drink	5
My husband’s mental health issues caused our divorce. If you need a friend or a listening ear, pm me. I hope things improve!	3
The soft glam palette from ABH, because almost everyone loves it. And I love it too. I am actually loving it more than my modern renaissance 😊	3
You’re a stud 🙌🏻	3
Her husband is disgusting. I can’t even look at the cute baby when his face is in the shot.	1
Black Mirror is great.	3
I’m glad I’m not the only one.	3
Kindly shut your pie hole.	0
I think by and large it encouraged men to become better betas.	5
No friends anymore, but had a guy get jealous at another guy flirting with me.	3
I cut onions to hide my feelings.	3
"[NAME] was good in ""My Love from the Star""."	3
I made the mistake of choosing [NAME] once. I'm literaly unable to change characters in Tekken for the rest of my life.	4
The rams seem pretty happy with [NAME].	3
Damn, sorry to hear that. Hopefully the right gig will come along!	3
Pizza time!	3
As a student in DC Universities I hope to fucking god they get rid of blackboard and replace it with canvas.	0
I love assault	3
I shouldn't be tanking this much rating after even a year bro. You don't understand how bad it feels to be in this garbage elo.	0
Now comes your affiant, [NAME], law school and attorney credentialing expert. I don't understand what's wrong, though. [NAME] passed the bar.	5
23 minutes! Omg that's too long	5
I'm not sure what you are implying, but it seems very rude.	0
Oops! The lack of free trade caused the death of 20 Million proletariat!	4
Yes, I do. I'm open to dating from anywhere- friends of friends, nights out, online.	3
Thanks for your insight	3
Okay. How so?	5
I AM A LIBTAD LOL	3
Could they not have been quarantined when diagnosed at the airport? (Genuine question, I have no idea about this shit)	5
kid still sad after eating food, because it WASN'T A HAPPY MEAL.	4
I recommend reading it. What an odd duck/rabbit.	3
We don’t “know” but it was reported he is expected to stay on. Really glad about it	3
Peace to you both.	3
I hope this guy got found and fired. That's way too dangerous. He could have easily killed someone.	2
Oh I can't wait until they have sole rights to our game.	3
Post this on /r/nba lol	3
You describe yourself as your knowledge of Asian languages stopping at knowing they exist? How did you know it was Mandarin then? That's impressive.	3
New book? Or is he talking about 12 rules	5
All the time, you just sort of accept it round here. Butt-hurt mombies and bitter regretful daddicts are what I usually chalk it up to.	0
Thanks for the heads up, I'll wait until next week to head down.	3
Despite what you may feel about me, I’m happy you got that off your chest, I hope you feel better!	3
I started this morning barging seven minutes late into a meeting that was not the meeting I thought it was. W E L P	5
My favourite commentator on this game	3
Anyone with a mirror?	5
Love this guy. I think he will end up being super good this year.	3
I remember saying [NAME] messed up the timeline worse than [NAME] over a year ago	4
But [NAME], this is a chance for me to fulfill my lifelong dream.	3
Mother’s Day is the worst.	0
My fav character	3
Well, since everything in Australia wants to kill you, I'd say it is quite healthy to be afraid of Australian spiders, and other flora and fauna	2
I’d want him to keep whatever gimmick this is it looks interesting	3
just speculation at this point but it's not looking good	0
Unfortunately, we live in 21st century America, where this kind of behavior ensures that they will both be given high-paying jobs at CNN.	4
That’s one of the many sleeping cycles of my fucked-up schedule :)	4
Take them out of his care and into the care of someone who can watch them until you are able to protect them yourself.	3
They understand alright, they just don't give a shit. Bunch of fucking scum.	1
I think [NAME] has like a clothes/purse/perfume line. Don't quote me though.	3
Great post, thanks for coming here and sharing.	3
i can change mood for no reason on seconds. Im happy ish. To sad or frustrated to anger and rage and not always in that order.	3
i'm really disappointed this isn't a real sub because i know there are soo many good notes to go in there	4
Considering the whining he did in our modmail, he may not realize this.	4
As The Pot Bro's always say. When the Cops ask you questions. Shut the fuck up.	0
Can someone please explain what is happening.	5
I don’t think you understand selling at a loss	0
Been their. We got into a huge argument and that caused our first break up. Video games...	4
Thank you for your validation. *Kowtows and give thanks the [NAME] way.*	3
I’m kind of out of the loop... is THIS the big Chungus?	5
Very well said.	3
You mean morons??	5
I'm cautiously optimistic about him.	3
You have no perspective. Go outside and get some friends.	0
Sentence didn’t start with an apology, not sure if legit Canadian.	5
She had so so so many great looks. I can’t remember them all now, but she hardly ever made a misstep in regards to fashion.	3
Lol you're an idiot.	3
That's so awesome! (I am so jealous hahaha)	3
[NAME] over there kneeling in front of a picture of [NAME] riding a dinosaur thanking his savior for giving him the strength to be conniving little twat	3
The sick stomach feeling should pass in an hour or two, good luck friend!	3
Happy to play then? It might hurt...	5
Man I'm sad, he was my favorite [NAME] when he left ([NAME] heir apparent) and I was ecstatic when he returned	4
Yes he is a very good pup check out his insta if u want its in the post	3
My favourite is when [NAME] was getting ready to be taken out of her house, but she had to have a bowl of Froot Loops first.	3
oh. i didnt know that. ty	3
the fuck is wrong with this guy	0
I think they're all equally bad in their own way.	0
I'd love to do that one day	3
I agree, there’s no salt on that pretzel...monstrosity!	3
I agree. But, if you were delivering shrimps-n-gritz betcha you'd be tempted.	3
Destroying the unrighteous to save the righteous is a righteous act. Therefore the great flood is an act of love. Whether it happened or didn't happen.	3
Probably out of desperation as they going no answers with the other made up god.	4
Wow are you saying political agitators will drum up a controlled crisis and disseminate the edited video through a foreign fake twitter account	5
I feel personally attacked.	4
This is considered being successful at this point in their lives if you live downtown lol	3
Those are pretty good points. Not just for a hypothetical argument, but just good points about the plot in general.	3
It looks like you might have some sand in your angina.	5
Thank you.	3
No I've been here for 5 years :( it's just gotten worse and worse	1
Just what I needed to hear today! Thanks!	3
Fus Ro D..omg the sun is coming up	3
Maybe he has really bad short term memory, and is genuinely curious how the cop got his attention.	5
It's pronounced hay-SOOS, thank you very much...	3
I will downvote the hell out of any news article promoting ponzi schemes.	0
So why not leave it in his garage with the doors locked?	5
i get the joke and still think this sucks.	0
[NAME] thank you so much this is so blessed	3
Better for his brand..but it's pretty clear... Welcome to the Raptors!!!	3
Wow and shes fine to screwed people up ?@ wow are you sure from this story though?! How did people add thos storey up ?!	5
I have too! I had to pick up sewing to do it but that has been fun as well!	3
It's a black cockatoo. They're rare and kind of beautiful to see.	3
Truth is, we don't know. Never tried it really.	5
Holy shit, if my siblings had roomates i wouldnt be shocked if you were talking about them.	5
Offense is taken, not given. Calm down, you'll live longer.	3
I hear ya man, it sucks that we live in a world where we have to worry about so much nonsense instead of just being ourselves.	0
Source: /g/169743. He's saying this to [NAME] ~~(OWO)~~ if anyone's curious.	5
Heyyy bear hug!	3
Yeah. All they have to do is ask for absolution, which means [NAME] can live a life of sin and repent and go to their heaven.	5
[NAME] BREAK THE GAME. WHY HAVE YOU GIVEN ALL THE KILLERS A FUCKTON OF THEM. ITS SO DAMN STUPID.	0
Do you need someone to talk to [NAME]? Your comment history is pretty disconcerting.	3
[NAME] a drama queen?! Surely you jest./s	5
Oh, fair enough. Praise be.	3
Yup if you’re ahead and just want to spam actives I enjoy it with an upgraded cursed ankh to really hurt healing based teams	3
You love your joke!	3
Yeah, it’s not exactly rocket-propelled hot wheels cars playing soccer, but eh, I’m down.	3
What, again? This stupid country!	0
It's a shame you didn't get to see the event live. At least your followers get to see nice vertical view of what was going on.	0
Best of luck to you too. sorry to hear that. Here's to No contact!!	3
I didn't find it too bad. I always favoured the 1500m and my wife is from Abu Dhabi	3
Yes, yes, yes. Oh my [NAME]!	3
I could never deface my car like that omg	0
I see you flaired it with help,so what do you need help with	5
I love when [NAME] is a bit more bias with a call when [NAME] isn't. Always makes me giggle.	3
He posts on The_Donald, you're arguing with a brick wall	0
Um....Yes? I would love it if everyone didn't believe in [NAME].	5
I've removed your post for witch hunting. Please be mindful of that in the future.	0
You are right but stick a cleanse on that bad boy and he's golden	3
Which part?	5
That's like the US Democratic Party, right? I heard that they support the far-left National Socialist maniac known as [NAME] ([NAME]). ;)	5
Lots of us in Texas. Dallas is a nice mix of moderate conservatives, libertarians, and moderate liberals. I like it here.	3
Sorry man. I didn’t know you were on reddit. Didn’t mean to steal your stuff! I totally would have tagged you	4
Dear Lord [NAME]...... loving those numbers!	3
I'm sick of them eating my cheddar.	0
It will work this time!	3
Yep gave me goosebumps.	3
Yeah I’ve also experienced that with work friends I know what you mean. Thanks! Hope it gets better for you too :)	3
That would be fun	3
Damn, I’d love to own a stg-44...	3
Stomping the Titans before Christmas in 2012. I got to watch nearly every playmaker do something big, and got to razz my Titans fan buddy all day.	3
Use a damn rubber	0
Why does he have the vault boy face lol	3
Oh, I’m so sorry! Good luck, I hope your 3000% more successful than me! Sending love and support!!!!!	3
It’s rebranded as the ‘Quarter Note Hotel’. For now.	3
My best guess is that it means 155 won, 6 lost, 839 drawn.	3
No. But that's really interesting. I might start doing that.	3
But also don't be so aloof that you don't want to help anyone.	0
This is not a good formation. We’ve been over this. It just ends up being crossed lobbed into the box by [NAME]	0
Awesome i already havr an will definitly not be doing it in the future thanks for the advice.	3
NSW Police have always being great with the current memes. I wouldn’t be surprised if it is a 15 year old running the page.	3
Yeah that was my bad. I was just heated after that loss and was being an ass. My b	4
Same. She seems to get aggravated more easily now too. Hope it's just the political climate and not the tail end of her prime.	3
Screaming at this reply	0
Oh ok. Guess the official US statute itself doesn't count?	5
Wow, now I am sad	4
Hahah, it's all good now since I've got a mouse now	3
tf, didnt know that thx	5
Still not sure I understand the difference? Do they both not keep your makeup in place?	5
I know I’m late, but happy cake day :D	3
"I have this problem. Sometimes my gaydar and my ""[NAME] interfere with each othrr"	3
Lol, pretty sad that even in your fake revenge fantasies you come across as a huge asshole.	3
Oh [NAME] thank you.	3
And communism wouldn't? The USSR was a master of creating industrial wastelands.	3
But thats for [NAME] and our secret getaway plan to escape to a better life, not this one. Lol	3
Thank you thank you!! I have a feeling I will be reading for a while!	3
"The ""[NAME] says it's true"" line makes me think he's messing with you."	0
This one sentence of humor has overridden all of the trolls thoughts today. Thanks for the chuckle.	3
I stand corrected, my apologies to the mods. I'd personally like to see more banned or removed but at least they handled the most egregious.	4
Sounds dreadful.	2
Except for that ridiculous tongue action, she has quite a pretty face.	0
I stand fully corrected, thank you!	3
What happened?	5
You’re a wonderful person. I wish I could afford to do the same ❤️	3
This looks like an obvious joke to me. Most of you are getting baited.	3
Get his master class. My boyfriend watched it and he got obsessed with cooking, knife techniques, etc. (for like 3 months).	3
Lol the “lower levels”. Very cute	3
Haha, just like teaching.	3
She’s so cute!	3
Sure, sorry for late response.	4
"Youd be surprised how many times the ""hebephilia is not pedophilia"" argument comes up on reddit. "	5
That's one of the only times I've ever felt bad for [NAME]. He was relentless and would not let it go!	4
So cute and there would be nothing with talking to her about it after and both being on the same page	3
Ah, thank you! I’ve only seen them as decoration and on hotel doors. I had forgotten the name, thanks!!	3
I HEAVILY VIBE WITH THIS	3
Goth pale is lovely.	3
I wish [NAME] played like [NAME]	3
True. I'm not from the US so i dont know how they would go about enforcing this law.	3
I just use a very generic “this card wont seem to process for some reason, do you have another form of payment you could try?”	5
With some editing and photoshopping this could be a badass album cover	3
So you're saying my man was murdered...	5
Lmfao i don't know why this is so funny	3
lol reddit is for 10 year olds confirmed	3
I love bang	3
"Can anyone here show where in the Quran it states ""not to delay your salah for anything"" ?"	5
Is this in response to something that you've noticed about or just a general statement?	5
I wish bojangles was nation wide, why isn't bojangles nation wide?	5
"Many Stores are doing away with the ""fine"" jewelry - but we make a ton of money on the costume jewelry - the mark up is ridiculous!"	3
News flash scrims don’t mean shit.	0
Can’t relate	0
Love this!! This is so lovely! Wish I had friends like this! Great drawing as well!!	3
Oh [NAME] I love [NAME]!	3
I am really disappointed in everyone today. Not a single murmur was mentioned. People only murmur in [NAME] world.	4
Aww thank you. That’s very sweet.	3
Sorry the cognitive dissonance is too much for you. Why don't you go back to listening to Nickelback? It'll make you feel better :)	4
Time consuming too, but buying a box that size outright is stupidly expensive—even if you order a bundle of 25 at a time.	0
I just saw that they deleted their account. Good.	3
I watch it every time I see it posted. There's something beautiful about watching someone so passionate and excited about what they've discovered :)	3
Happy cake day [NAME]	3
I love Florida	3
>i told him we weren't sick we were just on drugs. Lol unexpected	3
Sounds racist, fetishistic, sexist, and objectifying.	0
This is the sad truth for the exact reason he mentioned, they want a short fix to avoid doing this type of hard work.	4
You’re killing me. Let a brotha know next time lol	3
Sorry about that!	4
If you feel it's harassment, you have the ability to report the post for harassment.	3
Actually it's quite hard to decide without a proper reason. Under what circumstances do we have to do that?	5
I have no idea if this is sarcasm...	5
Sorry. I read that as newly white and it cracked me up.	4
Congratulations, you can into geolibertarianism	3
OMG was he really 5000 favorite?	5
I hope that's all it is. Didn't see him take a hit or anything.	0
[NAME] and [NAME] may be stronger, but [NAME] just gone mad. She's lost the plot for sure.	0
> It’s really not that difficult to win in this league lol	3
here’s hoping the same is true for me!	3
I really love that this sub has it's own little culture	3
Sure, let's kill a guy with a buck on his horse because that's how it was in the old west. Smh	3
good to see your story had a happy ending!	3
Aw, she came home early to surprise you! She must have missed you a lot.	5
Can’t see him doing well in the premier league tbh. Wouldn’t be surprised if he ends up wishing he stayed at Dortmund.	4
Nice try Gillette	3
Taking a charge up 30. I love this team	3
Do you know what caused the relapse? Identify the cause of failure so you won't repeat the same mistake.	5
Ahhh I misread your comment as “If I noticed a car on a flat bed with no straps.”	5
"Thanks to me, my grandma now refers to to [NAME] as ""the lizard""."	3
Exactly my point	3
Man, I miss those days. LA is pretty much dead now.	4
I love how it stops just before the impact	3
Being so rare and only giving you bad luck? Fake news	0
Thank you for these helpful points. I’ll read them again later.	3
My man's on the left looks like he's trying too guard precious	3
What year did I wake up in?	5
Love [NAME]. Amazing beaches!	3
When was this? Is it in opposition to the coup?	5
> Why do you think you're in financial hell? He spends the rest on drugs according to his post history.	5
It is pretty funny. Our wives cannot stand when we're all together because it's all we talk about lol	3
And how often the Asian guy is the token gay guy (especially since Uncle George came out). What I would give for more Asian romantic leads!	5
Focus on yourself and not on finding a relationship. It sounds like you have a lot of personal issues to work on and are projecting your problems.	3
Love the guy complaining the panel is stacked against the rich what with all the high tax rhetoric. *The WORLD is stacked against the rest of us.*	3
Yeah they taste so fake!!	0
It still seems Fairy popular, I might get it. Thanks for the tip!	3
E - Either we turn it around and make the playoffs or tank and [NAME] gets fired so win win right?	3
Yes, I know. But thanks, no damage to the second car and just some scratches on mine.	3
Just found my new phone background. This is amazing, keep it up!	3
I know right? Getting that wrong would’ve de-railed the joke.	3
I wonder if that was the original plan or if [NAME] just realized what [NAME] talked about and threw in that note to explain it.	5
What? I don’t just want to sleep with him. I want more idk... I value myself	0
I'm a girl and got the belt for doing something similar with another girl.	3
Most accurate of the 5 places I've seen this today.	5
Great snap. Try again in a week when the lights are on at the aus open.	3
I recognized a word!	5
It doesn’t help	0
You've aged horribly'	2
This sub is becoming a “Gamers rise up” parody of itself. This is ridiculous.	0
I was afraid things would if we kept seeing each other, which is why I brought this up to her now rather than later.	2
Even if it’s available 24/7 on your new website 99% of it is ugly so people still won’t buy it.	1
Did you know your post about your comment being downvoted is also being downvoted?	5
Are those the numbers from last season? [NAME] is a significantly better player this year than he was last year	3
In 10 years, she’s still be a loser.	0
I'm sorry. Does Scholomance exist in the World of Ice and Fire?	4
This seems like a massive cope. But do whatever makes you happy.	3
I really like this one.	3
Awesome! Thanks a lot. Brings back memories	3
That’s what I meant, sorry bout that. Never fold AKs pre	4
Stay strong and keep going. Chiche but true : living well is the best revenge .	3
You gotta watch with subtitles IMO. The dubbed English version looks and sounds ridiculous.	4
What an absolute bloke. Keen to see him run wild this season.	3
I agree with [NAME].	3
ARGH!!	0
"The ""Nice, nice."" Is really cringy for some reason."	3
That's until a golden retriever runs for office. Humans can't be trusted	0
"""Why everyone hurts me?"""	4
How dare you care about your physical and mental health, you shitlord you! /s	0
You're the reason [NAME] won the election. There isn't anything even remotely resembling fascism in the United States. Get a grip.	0
Weird flex but ok	3
Dammit, I thought I put it at the bottom. Sorry.	4
I bid my condolences to any player who did not experience release day action. “*Glorious battles, tooth and nail* *Noobs arrived, our matches grew stale*”	4
I hate people who can't *read* Dx	0
I recognize this YouTube channel... They make beautiful furniture. This has to be at customer request. I have no idea how to explain it otherwise.	3
Thanks GM & Ford!	3
At least she can eat Abel or something so we don't have to worry about feeding her.	3
I'm a guy and I'm squirming. My wife asked me what the hell I was reading and I told her. She said wtf really loud.	2
I’m genuinely surprised that [NAME] didn’t believe [NAME] lipstick speech - like that shit genuinely moved me	5
It might be the other way around! They seem to have a lot of awkward conversations while eating dinner.	0
> 2. Give me any evidence that women don't want to date me.	5
as a woman, I can tell ya it’s not uncommon for that to happen, haha. [NAME] make it extra sad though.	4
It's very hard to un-brainwash someone. Damn near impossible	0
Good. It's weird that Polish gun culture is nearly non-existent, given their history as a country. Hopefully this is a step toward fixing that.	3
Great for moderate sedation in the ER!	3
Guess I'm seriously out of shape, I should do something about that. Maybe next week...	4
Just stop.	0
Why are you so angry?	0
It’s copypasta from like 2004 lol	3
I was a huge fan of the script ones but the new greens this season look pretty fresh on ice, too. I like bringing the red back in	3
this would work!!	3
At least no one threw water on him and exacerbated things	3
I wouldn't have thought if you hadn't mentioned Harry Potter. I appreciate the reminder. Teamwork!	3
He closed the stream with a song of hers, while hugging his skele-buddy. It was a good song.	3
>Yes, I know that you like to talk about yourself a lot :P I do use a lot of words. It's actually embarrassing.	4
If we trade him I don’t think be will be a playoff team :(	4
That's very incoherent	5
That just shows how similar people can be in this kind of situation, demanding, rude, and can sometimes damage stuff without care	0
Well done Kepa get in!!!!	3
Good job for politicising a tribute to a local TV show beloved by many.	3
We just got paper straws and we have to ask everyone if they want one first. it's anoying.	0
5% more people identifying as liberal than conservative, 4.3% more people supporting the tax rates. [NAME] activated	3
Coming back pretty strong with UFC Fortaleza at least. [NAME] vs. Moicano has me excited	3
Fuck why didn’t I think of that	0
That’s been arguably his strongest attribute this season?	5
That game was one of the craziest I’ve ever been to	3
wouldn't you say [NAME] and [NAME] are part of the same generation?	5
Thanks for keep us posted	3
I wonder if she unliked you? That'd then make sense for the rest of it.	3
Isnt that the god awful truth	5
It was in a downward trend since 9 years ago, thanks [NAME]!	3
Thank you for this encouragement. It's been a very long time since I've made any progress	3
In fact the South side of Chicago is the baddest part of town	4
He's being so unprofessional. He's out for blood for some reason.	0
Welcome to racial integration, where your civility standards are racist and you better shut up or else.	0
Fucking hate [NAME]..	0
Not a chance on this	0
No, I just haven't seen that here, and I wanted you to show me that's all.	3
I wish you have a best luck on your journey.	3
Try Rescue Melatonin Strawberry gummies and Natural Calm in hot water. They saved my life.	3
There is a reason 15 people liked my comment dear, those fifteen people all think you are pretty. I hope you see this... 👓	3
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **1st Cakeday** SirVortivask! ^(hug)	3
Haha look at these liberals crying about children being raped in cages haha what snowflakes haha	3
Because sometimes the middle is still wrong	0
the act of using private companies as platforms to push indoctrination is no less vile than state run companies	0
One of those is not like the others.	0
Glad it's not just me!	3
Oh my gosh! I subscribed to both! Thank you so much for the recommendation.	3
Thanks for the tip! We’ll try that	3
Damn you two need help	0
GT: LAMZY GG - don't do missions that much unless I need to farm meat but I'll add for the additional mission contact 👌👌	3
If he's mailing you cash, and you're waiting to ship the item until payment is received, i'm confused how this would be a scam.	5
Socialism?!?! But le higher taxes!!	5
At some point you just gotta say, that’s impressive. This isn’t that point.	5
Thank you! Well put I am not the best at putting my thoughts into words so well said thank you that was the point I was going for!	3
. . . Uh huh, interesting	3
We don't know anything yet till it happens. It's great to see everything think they know the eliminations order.....lol. you will be shooked	5
"Thats what makes me think OP is secretly the ""nice guy"" here."	3
That awkward moment when people who passionately hate [NAME] inadvertently portray him as a hero.	4
Yep. When precedent is very right-wing ‘centrism’ is just “I fundamentally believe we shouldn’t move left any significant amount”	3
Game: ok get out now Nea: a Game: no fuck you nea u toxic af	0
yep, its still time based so 1st will be absolutely raking it in	3
Apart from the flashy plating, it's probably the most famous dutch restaurant and has 3 Michelin stars. I hope they don't serve mediocre food there	3
I earned the money, I bought the food and I cooked the food so don't go thanking your phoney baloney god for it in my home.	0
What are you listening to?	5
I don't think so. I think he is courting a secular crowd of young confused secular people searching for meaning in their lives.	5
Hoping you’re gonna experience a ton of good days from here on out dude	3
He’s a professional liar making promises to get elected when all he concerned with is a power gain.	0
Reaching parity with Steam's 15 year legacy in a single year would be an amazing effort.	3
Make sure your Cats are in a safe and loving place.	3
Whistler Medical, Broken Coast, and 7 Acres... looks to be the top 3 rec producers right now.	3
Thanks mate. I’ll incorporate that into my game. Thanks mate.	3
Thanks for the review, comments, etcetera.	3
Yes. She should. Just not President. I've heard people say she should, and she is nowhere near ready for that.	3
I'm British and this has definitely happened to me.. but why is it just [NAME]?	5
It just has to be clean and hygienic. Maybe make sure you got food and wine on deck	3
You’re doing a fantastic job at keeping things together. Have faith that you’re on the right track, and things WILL work them-self out.	3
Yeah I don't think so lol	3
Thank you for your help	3
Whoa now, easy there on the logic.	3
Nah I didn’t get scammed but my money is sitting in the Dream Market escrow doohickey. Whatever that means! Haha!	0
Just go try and by one piece fan after got end!	3
I have no idea what that means.	5
I don't know	5
Partywolf had 178 losses in a row? Are you seeious? I can't believe that	5
But he has... so it’s not that he can’t but that he shouldn’t.	0
I like His And Hers Poker Podcast	3
Man I didn't think our fanbase was this delusional.	0
I enjoyed that Bagel Boss commercial. Suddenly craving some Greiss Coffee.	3
No, I prefer having a forest	0
Interesting trend. Just wait till they learn about the church's racism and history claims....	5
That's what I can't understand either, what were they expecting by knocking on the door?	5
Finally! Somebody who legitimately hates planet Jupiter!	3
Extremely painful to watch	4
I really need to get more sleep.	3
We're trying to be 3-16 on the road with a positive point differential lol	3
I love daddy long neck and crew. You won’t be disappointed when you look it up.	3
You’re a genius.	3
You're making me look bad [NAME], while she yells and screams.	0
As of right now, [NAME] is the better overall player.	3
What a game... completely down and out at half time and then... [NAME] and total annhilation of the scousers	3
are you printing labels through ebay/paypal/other online service? You get a discount there. If you're paying retail, stop it.	0
**You are breaking the car!**	0
Start a relaxing bedtime routine. Goggle sleep hygiene and make sure yours is good. Get over your weird thing about reading and try it!	3
I'm clueless as to what I could be clueless about too, [NAME]. What is the difference? Aren't all video games ultimately 'no lifeing' it?	5
This kinda looks like something shot in the style of Reno 911. Especially the bit where the cops look back and simultaneously say “Jaywalking!”	3
What's really sad is that [NAME] wants to outlaw gay dads. I'm literally shaking.	4
Lies, damn lies and statistics.	0
I love it in spades	3
Xbox 360. I’ve never gamed before so I’m excited.	3
As a [NAME], I would like to extend an apology to anyone freezing in the polar vortex.	4
Very good (and depressing) point haha	3
I'm not offended. Just curious.	5
You’re an animal, and you deserve all the shame/repercussions you get.	0
If you all keep nagging me with this question I will turn this car around and then *no one’s* getting to watch the trailer.	0
Shhhh, don’t say that, your going to trigger a millennial	0
I bought milk and honey for its cover. ended up loving it anyway.	3
If it were [NAME] being negative about Korea, would you be equally happy to see it banished?	0
i managed to craft that super early in the game and i was so disappointed that i basically could not get drunk	4
This literally broke my heart	4
Oh, did they innovate anything I would recognize with their obscenely large financial investments? :):):):)	5
[NAME] why did they have to remove the OP? Her story is heartbreaking and she appears to only want some sort of comfort from the sub.	4
“I thought I was suppose to love 2018 wtf”	3
Where the f are you going to school that you are hearing such remarks semi regularly? That's horrible!	0
We all know that everyone was doing the Kiki do you love me ironically so that if people do it unironically then we can make fun of them.	3
Do you orgasm when you’re on your own? Are you a virgin?	5
Srsly, mountains in Netherlands?	5
They have my favorite reality shows too like Hell’s Kitchen and Survivor.	3
I love when people make proclamations without backing any of it up with examples or proof.	3
Then spend already! Go get [NAME] and [NAME] and [NAME]. Bring up that young talent and dominate already.	3
I used them too, did a great job but they were super expensive.	3
I dont know why people are hating this so much. I guess everyone here wants to be just ok for the next 5 years	5
I needed this laugh like... damn. This comment is just as good as the OP and the OP is pretty amazing. 🙌	3
According to the filmmakers, it was the same Brachiosaurus that awed the characters in the first movie. ;_;	5
Oh, it's that time for you. Sending hugs.	3
regret unfollowing him...	4
U R quite welcome buddy. Enjoy the rest of your weekend.	3
If someone starts that, I’ll join in. Their mods help perpetuate it all.	3
Love in a way is a choice. In a relationship, you choose to look past your partner's faults	3
Thank you for the level headed advice	3
"I love how the lab is in the front like ""shotgun!"" ."	3
That place must be a gold mine of good stories.	3
LMao what kinda stupid ass rule is that?	3
I love sliding so yea	3
Thank u!!! Im gonna try this one bless u	3
I meant after tech school but thanks	3
Happy to help!	3
But I hate trannies and feminsts owo	0
Replace smug with thug and you'll see how racist you are	0
That was such awful bandaid application. Like what the fuck.	0
We got heated toilet seats here in Japan. Big smiles.	3
That was the point of his last two sentences	5
I'm surprised not to see whining about [NAME] books more often, speaking of children.	5
Can we get actual delivery dogs? I feel like that would be so much better... =D	5
[NAME] these things were terrible. i presume they still are. #teamlemoncreams	1
[NAME] Housekeeper is really funny lol	3
Yeah usually I’m defensive around people I don’t know casually walking around with things that could be powerful weapons.	3
That makes a lot of sense. I appreciate you taking the time.	3
lol I hope no-one bothers to answer you in earnest honesty because you are so childish it'll just wash right over your ears.	3
Why are you even visiting /r/Artifact if you hate the game so much?	5
That’s awesome!	3
I feel you! Sending love and support	3
I don’t think that many people really thought [NAME] would be a game changer.	0
>!This really crushed my soul!<	4
Who wants to muddy the water with facts... Ha	3
Welcome to adulthood my bro.	3
I’m sorry you’re going through the hurt, this shit sucks so bad.. I don’t wish this upon anyone..	4
yeah see some of us come from youtube it's a horrible place never go there	2
Such a disappointment. Mobile games are such a shallow replacement for a full sequel. What a let down.	4
Why did a vision of my future include a story about [NAME] and [NAME] gold?	5
I love it when they show tons of interest. Love it.	3
Broke and jealous	4
What’d he say?? I want to be in on his shame!	5
Sometimes I just go on the YouTube video for any song older than like 20 years and these comments never disappoint	3
You didn't disappoint. I'm proud of you.	3
Too bad they lost.	4
It only gets worse kiddo. Someone call [NAME] and get this girl an upgrade.	1
toy has lost its value	4
The sky is actually annoying and so on (and as annoying as it makes sense. No, this is interesting how?	0
Eh, loser. It’s sad how some people don’t care about their relatives.	4
By taking it as a nonserious game you don't need in order to enjoy and have fun with it.	0
Happy real life cake day my dude :)	3
I'd say its higher tier stupidity because this belief actually harms people	0
Ugh I am in this same place right now. Dating a husband whose wife calls all the shots. I feel for you.	4
I sold an item on ebay and amazon at the same time. I had to cancel the Amazon order. Is that going to hurt anything?	5
Well, I knew that a lot of people don't trim their bushes in the eastern suburbs, but that's ridiculous.	1
Every game counts for the Kings tho. Suns are out if the playoff race and this is a must win for the Kings. BOL!	3
[NAME] AND PORZINGOD UNDER THE TUTILAGE OF DADDY DIRK PINCH ME I MUST BE DREAMING	5
Orange man funny but concerning	3
Too bad it wasn’t a sword.	4
Funny. He said the same thing to me. I don’t even have a daughter.	3
Nice, i have the crown help me and the 309. Can you compare it to those?	5
Exactly, I've seen some of her friends and family SM and is not exactly wowing me.	4
Sorry but the majority of console players will agree that he needs nerfed and nerfed hard	4
Why am I excited for the new season	3
[NAME] book? What the heck?!	5
Nokias can even connect to a fax machine? TIL	5
I’m so happy for them. I hope he drowns in a puddle of bacon grease.	3
I ate meat for 21 years of my life, been vegan for 7 now. This doesn't hold water.	0
She probably just said it because it rhymes, sorry Op	4
[NAME] I HATE those.	0
Seriously? Never knew... but yea that would make sense	5
Sorry to hear that. Hope you feel better soon!	3
Im desperately hoping that that is either sarcasm or a troll.	3
Yeah I remember when they banned bathrooms, crazy thing.	5
You can't buy a toe line.	0
Welcome back, [NAME]	3
I hope she figures out he isn’t before anything happens. The entitlement herre is just over the roof	3
Beautiful yet sad that his relationship ended in ‘45 the same way most of mine do...with cheating	4
At least my suffering is over.	3
It was the worst cinemax porn I've ever seen.	1
Yep, it was faked. Too bad, too	4
[NAME] fucking dammit	0
Wow dude get a life and stop digging through my comments trying to pick a fight like a belligerent moron.	0
I'm appalled that your roommate straight up destroyed perfectly good leftovers that way	0
Pareto principle, 20% of the work done gets you 80% results.	3
Given [NAME] viability prior to the 2016 election, I think the viability bar is set pretty damn low.	4
Yikes, what a loony bird.	0
Thanks a [NAME]	3
Because its the internet and people are bored. Its not kids, its full grown adults and you know it. Unbunch your panties.	0
There was a time I said the same thing about Zucker. Hope there's something to that.	3
Not surprising since about 85% of all dating relationships end in a break up.	4
Did either of those places declare independence out of the blue? No.	5
Here we go. What’s wrong with them.	0
I think I will try to push through, I guess I can always drop a class or two if it’s too much and even take a break	3
Not funny....	0
I dropped him around week 6 and let somebody else deal with that headache	0
Ik was more curious with our communities opinion	5
Once you pop, you can’t stop Wait a minute...	5
Furry btw so why don’t you take yourself also	5
Let's watch impractical jokers!	3
VUC YOU IDIOT!!!!	0
Dude I love these	3
I’m positive he’s going to leave her	3
not at all lol. me and my friends are makeout sluts though	3
I hope [NAME] bullies wittle baby [NAME] tonight, like he did last year!	3
look at [NAME] over here.. of course it alone won't fix our financial problems lol	3
And I thought they smelled bad on the outside!	1
Even if you think me and him aren't soulmates, youve gotta be pretty sad to think soulmates don't exist.	4
Must be nice	3
get blood orgies out of our ideology thanks	3
Those boots look very warm but I can't imagine wearing them inside. She does look cool though	3
liberals are filthy animals	0
Already taken haha	3
It has been a good snow and bad avalanche season in the rockies. Haha, thin and tight, just how i like‘em.	3
Underrated comment.	1
Been scoring big on the Groudons.. caught 4 so far. Edit: no, no shinys yet. I've had the worst luck with shinys in this game	4
"I didn't know that kind of ""full-tang"" existed. Good to know. "	3
Bringing it up now because you and many like you made this sub a hostile environment for voices of reason. Eat crow.	0
According to what?	5
Is there much of a population? I wanted to play it back in The day and then they changed it into an almost entirely new game.	5
I very much appreciate it.	3
As a [NAME], this very relatable	3
Trouser maidens 😂 omg I love it.	3
I'm also happy you're still here!!	3
If it's legal where you live, then it doesn't really matter what anyone thinks.	3
I wanna see [NAME] get in [NAME] face like this	3
Air traffic controllers are responsible for 100,000x the amount of lives. Should they be getting paid more? I'm not sure this is the best argument to make.	5
Yeah, people die in civil wars. Stop.acting like the [NAME] are just killing [NAME] while spouting made up numbers	0
Mmm ... Chicken milk.	3
Have either of you or anyone else in your newsroom faced personal threats because of your work on this project?	5
All these soldiers taking a load of their feet... I feel ashamed for my homeland !!	4
W-what a great audience	3
My pride. I'm like a roach, unsightly to look at but determined to survive	3
Can’t wait to see my IG page blow up with it smh	5
Sorry to say OP but it seems his IQ is indeed higher than yours.	4
I actually did have a girl a few towns away in a different school and no one knew her. No one believed me at first :(	4
Wow. In real time we have it in action. You lack any degree of self awareness.	3
Points. I envy your luck! My matches generally range from 10k-29k :/	3
I am so relieved	3
There's also the possibility of mold growing between the skin flaps. That's why some very pbese people can smell like rotting cloth.	3
I do know a few fellows who didn't get accepted until a full month after. Just chill until then. Good luck!	3
Welcome! :)	3
Damn. Low tech bait bike	0
I'm gonna be brave and tickle the cop.	3
If that were my car the spare would be flat too, so at least you've got that going for ya.	3
Holy crap, what happened to that guy?	5
Goddamn I’m excited about this football team!	3
Ok this actually happened to me when I was one bloodthirsty away from getting gold on my MX9	5
That's right nearby. Thanks!	3
But hey, at least it saves us the trouble of contacting them!	3
Thanks that's very helpful because I can't seem to decifer all of the levels of irony in some posts on this subreddit haha.	3
Literally all I wanted was some sort of evidence and somehow I’m wrong...? You’re too stupid to be real.	0
Japan shouldn't have attacked the USA.	0
Would breaking her jaw and hands be out of line? She couldn’t call or text, what a shame.	0
I think [NAME] does a great job! Can't believe she's 56...she looks amazing!	3
What in the West Virginia is this?	5
Happy Another Day random strangers!	3
Aw man this isn't bad, and they're so proud of it. I could imagine them selling a variety of these, people love quirky jewelry.	3
It was a poor choice of words.	0
hope they had fun in the snow!	3
I sleep alone on the floor. That was a bad idea...	4
ME TOO HE IS MY FAVORITE KILLER TO GO UP AGAINST [NAME] FROM NURSE!	3
"I'm more worried about him scamming children than ""oNLY"" scamming them into thinking they'll get $100."	2
Worrying what other people think is what collectivists have brainwashed you to think and feel. You are just a coward making excuses for your cowardice.	2
Damn I was about to go out tonight.	4
Sorry man [NAME] doesnt care about hard working [NAME]. Sad	4
That's the best line in the entire show for me.	3
Nah. I just need to stop answering before I go to bed. Got the post and the replies mixed up in a sleepy haze.	0
It’s not so much that I enjoy money and more that I do enjoy scamming people.	3
Who’s vid is This?	5
Can't help but feel that going down 3-0 is nerves and fear of playing someone with [NAME] mythology. AO to [NAME] is like RG to [NAME]	2
That's awful. But I am proud of you for calling him out.	1
One of he most useful things I’ve read on this site as a medical student. Thank you very much.	3
Because people hate freedom	0
Great news. Thanks for sharing Crunk! Donated...	3
I feel so guilty that this picture exists. I feel like I need to donate to charity after this.	4
YOU DON'T GET TO JUDGE ME!	0
I'm too scared to start Black Mirror because it honestly seems like we might not be that far off from some of it.	2
This is a great idea. I'd even figure out where my printer ended up after I moved and set it up for this.	3
You must be new to character ranking threads if you think I'm *genuinely* upset at some random person's worthless opinions.	3
My bad, I guess I should've read the whole thing, from opiate yes	4
Thank you. That was driving me crazy. I thought her response would actually be her correcting him.	3
I’m hoping I can find a stream of [NAME] doing the play by play!	3
If you're beignet hunting I also love the ones at Just For You, in the Dogpatch.	3
I worry that as soon as VR and AR take off, it'll be the nail in the coffin and we will be trapped.	2
What a creepy mc creeperson. I hope he doesn't continue to try to contact you.	3
Definitely better than mine lol. Some good players on there.	3
The same here. It's hard to be alone, but not as hard as the eggshells and abuse.	3
Is this strictly Denver, or for the metro area?	5
You guys will be shocked to know it is another cut of the Ga Spa vid.	5
He is the best	3
[NAME], what? Why are you even here. Fuck off.	0
This is everything! Congrats for being brave, cause I know I wouldn't be. Keep us posted on what happened	3
I mean just let it go and assume things aren’t going to work out. Drop it, so to speak.	0
Thanks, and play ball!	3
My bad if I just leaked /u/keypuncher and /u/ibiteyou 's Christmas card photo...	4
cheers friend. same thing happened to me 2 days ago. hazzah!	3
Sorry, the two different names made me thing those were two different places. ^ ^;	4
After Ohtani, I can't bring myself to believe any of these unverified twitter rumors again.	0
Why should I waste my time with that?	5
I did that, I asked for a white doctor and they gave me a list of black doctors.	0
love ya bro, i just love how positive you are!	3
I’m wondering if your church and bible study attendance lets her pretend you are [NAME].	5
UGH ME TOO! Eager to wake up with mania, any day now.	5
Yeah what a great sport!	3
I came back to work and I found the charlkboard like this. No idea how it got that way. Weird.	0
[NAME] got used to be my favorite character. This is embarrassing beyond any stretch of the imagination.	4
THIS is a good reply, and I have kids.	3
Poor [NAME]. One of the great men of our time getting destroyed by the courts. I hear he has to file for bankruptcy.	4
Self confidence I think and the fact that I’m scared if I do give all of myself to some that they won’t reciprocate.	2
I came in here to ask why he’d drive so far to see a movie about testicular torsion	5
Hey PBR is good ‘cheap’ beer tho.	3
I love this sort of thing, reminds me of when my dad took me to the SW special edition when I was a little kid.	3
Hmm I thought I was playing the game for fun and excitement and unlocking skins was just an added bonus	3
Not in Oregon anymore. They raised the legal age to buy smokes to 21, which, as a smoker, I think is a great idea.	3
"Welcome to the ""new"" normal"	3
She is a horrible person and that is what makes her so relatable in real life.	2
Or woman who would look beautiful without her glasses and ponytail.	3
It’s misleading. Better article:	4
One of my favorite post fight moments, [NAME] is a funny guy.	3
thank you!	3
I can't pluck it, hurts too much. So every few days I shave a strand of hair on my chin.	4
Yas! Mom was done talking, wasn't she.	5
"Call me a [NAME] but I love saying that word. ""No."""	3
Ah. My misunderstanding. Yeah get rid of those but that isn't what the removed post was.	5
Hey [NAME], I'm [NAME] ! :)	3
Okay, cool. Thanks.	3
Yeah, I can see how that can sound that way	3
But doing those things makes me feel so.... icky.	4
It's an mi5 threat to Ireland. Funny how [NAME] may wants to amend GFA the next day	3
This is where the fun begins.	3
That's a really good one too. I am pretty upset to learn how limited my vocabulary is	4
Why the fuck would you go for pizza, subs or pork rolls in texas?	0
According to you lol. MBTI could potentially be all of those things if applied correctly.	3
Don’t be so negative. Living like a medieval peasant is easy in today’s world.	3
Why couldn't we just carry our ending over to the next game?	5
LOL yes, this guy might not be too bright.	3
Support the Sydney ~~Blues~~ Sixers. Loved that gaff last night.	3
Yikes. She sounds like she's one bad grade away from shooting up a synagogue.	1
Lots of community theaters have great programs. What part of the valley are you in?	5
nah, i know enough	3
[NAME] has a drive that [NAME] doesn't at all. He cares more about his hair than buying a house for his mom from what I have seen.	3
Maybe it should become a rule. Or a rule someone can't post his own website constantly. ;)	3
Hard to swallow pills. This sub is meh now	4
thank you guys!	3
Loving it too, has made me forget about BO4 & Destiny 2...so addicting!	3
I am a 34-year-old lover of plushies. You are in good company, my friend.	3
At this point I am questioning your sanity, you compare a guy with 40/34 goal seasons to a kid who literally can't hit the net	0
Cause this isn't a woman its a dude :D	3
It definitely took a lot of research to figure everything out for myself, but I’m glad I was able to help ya!	3
How do you think she left her nose outside of the bucket? You think that's the way her smashed nose normally looks?	5
Very cute!	3
I hope you managed to skunk him, so he caught an aroma every time he moved.	3
I'm divorcing my narcissistic ex and that book helped me so much!	3
While [NAME] lighter take on [NAME] in Justice League was questionable, I enjoyed him in BvS. Excited to see who takes on the cowl next.	3
Loving this guys game. So much more confident as the team lead	3
OMG!!	5
Wow interesting to hear how the cops responded. Glad they actually tracked the car down!	3
Isn't there a sub for tomorrow exact post?	5
I mean, you're the one rationalizing for what essentially amounts to a presidential dictatorship.	0
HOLy SHIT I HAVE KADRI IN MY POOL	0
I completely agree, someone would take a flier on the kid.	3
That is really awesome you found something like that for him. Have a great time.	3
Not what I’ve been told. I don’t know at this point though.	5
ATM has scored only 27 goals in 19 games and have 38 points from it, frankly really outrageous. They keep shithousing a win.	0
WHAT A DISGUSTING START	1
Basically how I discovered I’m bi—	5
Eh happiness is just a fleeting fish in an ocean of emotion. You can catch it a few times but dont expect to live off it.	3
Self serving cowards.	0
never, because I actually married someone I wanted to be with l, and didn’t fucking betray their trust, unlike you arseholes	0
I wonder if Belpedio will get a chance up here at some point.	5
Huh. Didnt know the HD edition had online multiplayer.	5
Well, my masochistic curiosity got the better of me. I've seen worse, but that's going on the blacklist for damn sure.	5
This is why I love this subreddit.	3
I joined the casuals on the couch and curled up in horror while watching this	2
Great start to the post-All-Star game part of the campaign!	3
That’s what I ended up doing lol	3
The projectiles are 1L bottles, so more cylinders than spheres. Does it make any difference?	5
I'm not. He and I still thrive. I hope you're doing alright.	3
thats life lol	3
How do you get locked up by [NAME] lol	3
And then, in private, what do you think they jerk off to? Normal porn? Lmao.	3
She was HOPING she was gone!	3
How scary! She loves you! I hope you are ok.	2
Yeah, my mom would tell at and hit our family dog. She was a tiny little dog too. :(	4
I don't even wear a shirt in the day around the house. Way too hot.	0
For the most part yes.	3
What the actual fuck, does seeing something terrible prevent you from enjoying the entire rest of your life?	5
I'm too stupid to understand what you're saying	0
Understand their point of view, 13 IS too young. Imagine how they felt when they found out their innocent child was watching adult videos.	4
Which part of what I wrote sounds like a baseless claim? Could you clarify me, please?	0
It's an unfortunate situation, but it had to be done at some point.	3
Of course. I'm curious as to why you'd think it was a bad sign?	5
Oh yeah, it's really dehumanizing to have respect for people's private property and not steal it from them whenever we feel like it...	0
Like [NAME] [NAME] yes but [NAME] [NAME] is super nasty. Whoever wrote the dialogue for classified needs to be fired cause it’s makes me wince	0
Let’s learn to love our neighbors like the [NAME] learned in Rome	3
I really want to know what restaurant this is. I'm picturing Fino for some reason.	5
For me it is unwatchable after the greatness of the LD seasons.	0
it sounds like a huge pain in the ass to use compared to current systems in place though.	4
>cold, dead butt Ah, so it's laughter. Laughter is what kills me.	3
Sorry to burst your bubble, but winners write history and since leave won ... */dodges incoming tomato*	4
Thanks. Ive edited to include the Prophet SalAllahualaihi wasallam. i meant 'people' as in the general people in our lives.	3
this video makes me sad	4
^ I find both creepy tbh.	0
Who the fuck leaves a hot iron on the couch	0
Enjoyed pulling moves, if you can find it. Was a comedy very Belfast centric though.	3
She’s like a kewpie doll with them. Precious.	3
Sure they'd love that	3
Funny way to oppose fascism - since they are themselves fascists	3
thanks for your help, it looks like i'm just gonna have to use the ole noggin for this project	3
That was a beautiful shirt	3
Wow, I wish we had info on which counties have it the worst. Was that in the article?	3
Sadly no, but I hear it comes with a sweet bottle opener! And you can't spell Bottle Opener without Lebron.	4
Seconded! [NAME] is gorgeous.	3
I see it the other way. He thinks he’s a hero for shutting down the govt. But I hope I’m wrong.	3
Don't make me cry...P.S. Happy cake day!	3
These rich fucking senators are completely out of touch with reality. Eat. The. Rich.	0
plz pm the telegram group thanks	3
I don't see how my reply was whataboutism when my point of contention is directly related to the point.	0
Even if she was 25 this would have been weird and creepy af.	4
Thanks [NAME], I could unclench two minutes earlier.	3
Praying for you to find peace soon, man.	3
YOU SUFFER ON YOUTUBE WITH THE REST OF US.....or you buy their CDs and rip em onto the computer <3	0
Lmao my jaw dropped when she started talking about that stuff with her friend	3
I mean hes been coat tailing, might as well make it obvious	3
I love cowboy.	3
He literally looks like a potato	3
One time a lady got mad at me because her White Zinfandel was.......pink	3
She hasn't even fully moved out yet and I feel the same way. I'm sorry. I know how awful it feels.	0
lol @ the dude lying down in the hut at 2:12	3
How long have you two been together? Have you talked with your bf about any of these concerns?	5
Thank you, I needed this to vent my frustrations into 😆	3
This sounds an awful lot like a solicitation. In case it isn't, what you seek may exist but you'd probably have better luck with the lottery.	3
Thank you.	3
Love futurama.	3
Oh that's so sad	4
Damn.. fell for that one	0
This is dank what the hell	0
People deleting and stop caring IS THE REASON why artifact is under 2k players.	0
wouldnt like most of the pokemon fanbase be adults now tho	0
Don't forget the part where [NAME] doubts himself or goes off on his own and fails. Then [NAME] tells him how much she loves him and to run	3
They've been banned. We'd like to start leaving up more comments though so that threads actually make sense. Capitalists will always be banned.	3
How did this get upvoted? This is patently false.	0
Signing [NAME] and [NAME] is not fucking around? Lol	3
yeah. it's like you know something real bad is gonna happen at any time. that's why I never try to get my hopes up too much.	4
I'm betting you're 100% right. 😊🍻	3
Or perhaps we should look at the bigger problem: mental healthcare in the United States.	4
What a cool argument dude!! Lol. This coming from the worlds most empowered dater who can date anyone!! Stop age shaming.	3
"Read the poem ""To this Day"". I just read it. I liked it."	3
This is one of the best things I’ve read on Reddit Cheers to your perseverance	3
Intelligences? As foreseen unorganized by [NAME] himself? I also like nuglettes...	5
I get your point. But really, the low prices is just a trap to get more men in lookout for action. It's sad.	4
the truth is sexist, deal with it	3
How far down the rabbit hole do you want to go?	5
ha Ha HA	3
Yea I've heard this also so that's why I'm curious how well this one will last.	5
I put [NAME] on over the holidays...my family hated it. Freaking love his stand up though and he's pretty widely liked. My family is weird.	3
Thank you all for the insight.	3
Alright well nice discussion for sure. Think this just gave me an idea for r/changemyview so thanks for that.	3
No, just dont show off your books.	0
Except you continue to lose calories well after you finish running...so way off	5
Interesting, thanks!	3
That was my favorite character... :’(	3
Yes, they do. It’s illegal to work for the Federal Government for free. Contractors aren’t Federal Employees.	3
Maybe we'll just stop moderating for a while to celebrate TWOW.	3
Nope. Has been and still is my favorite	3
I love the holiday overlay for The Haunted Mansion.	3
Wow [NAME] retained NO combat skills from the time he was [NAME] to help him fight Cicada at that bar	5
If men were that aggressive we’d be arrested and then slammed publicly and socially. Lives ruined for a moment of drunken stupor.	0
Careful, it's hot	3
Haha well thank you so much! You've been the only person to say that	3
I love going to a diner and eating in a booth by myself.	3
The percentages Apple wants for membership have made many companies pull their apps. Seeking must feel it's not worth paying Apple.	0
Yeah no way random bubbling would get them the highest score. Even in a 50 question test the odd would be ridiculously low	0
You're 105 years out of date. Please update your beliefs to the current version of the Constitution.	0
Why did she get married if she did not love him? Aren't you afraid the same thing wil happen to you?	2
Yeah me, I'm blaming my medication tho.	0
I don’t know who [NAME] is and, at this point, I’m too afraid to ask.	2
Try being a Cubs fan in the Bay Area. I was walking on thin ice in 2016 haha.	3
Ok sure that’s a nice unfounded opinion you’ve got there. Unless you’ve been in one in which case wow sorry	0
Thanks mate.	3
Nothing wrong with striving. Forcibly making people is though.	3
I'm sorry you poop your pants every time someone mixes those words up.	4
I use one every time I park and you just replied to me. so this is a bit awkward.	4
Oh don’t worry, I have an oil for that	3
Alright bud, I'll be sure to do that on my nearest panic attack. Cheers	3
Thanks for all the replies! Not much of a public speaker, but can manage...hopefully lol	3
Ok nice opinion dude. Do you have any sources??	3
haha thats an option	3
Marlboro picked up [NAME] and are phasing out the njoys.	3
Nope but nice try. Nothing to do with the TH case.	3
I wouldn’t cause I already know my area so well I don’t want other drivers with that knowledge	0
[NAME] combat is terrible and the only reason I don’t play it anymore	2
Beyond nightmare!!	2
How he ups the tone along with his eyes to desperation at the end is just hilariously amazing.	3
Ah, info not previously known. Knowing that, I probably would’ve done the same.	5
Stop saying that ? Makes my tummy upset 🤢🤮	0
I was eating watching tonight's episode. OMG I never will again. You all know what I mean. The opening scene!!!	5
Yep [NAME] and BIG for the next two seasons will be so fun to watch	3
Some of the problems I noticed afterwards, I love the car. The experience not so much.	3
"""Even if that were true, do you think it justifies not trying at all?"""	5
This is about as close as I can get to singing IRL. It's fun.	3
the trend was that i didn't really like any of them. Turns out i was just desperate.	0
I can’t believe he’s playing the live action sonic the hedgehog	5
I don’t know, I think we all just blunder through.	5
There's a lot like that though: I don't think so.	5
I like you	3
It's better for the future to suck and draft top 5 than be mediocre and draft 12th?	3
in a free society you'd never know if a woman had an abortion, so there's that.	3
Well damn I guess I timed this post pretty well lol	3
Jewel mint by Pod Juice for sure is the closest thing to mint pods. Don't know anyone who has replicated menthol yet.	5
That escalated quickly.	5
Yeah, he knows about my mental health and how bad it cam get, we've tried all the things that have worked in the past	4
Omg like if you read this in 2019😂	3
this is so true!	3
Calm down kid jeez	3
This WILL work for you [NAME]!! I have hope for you bro!!	3
I sent that link to my girlfriend, whom I met on Tinder lol	3
That’s pretty neat	3
My sister did Blue Apron and loved it.	3
No you pick a different hero. Aint fkn rocket science.	0
Second, you accuse everyone who didn't ignore you of being a Russian propaganda poster	0
I'm from Wisconsin. I don't understand your question.	5
Fair enough.	3
Congratulations on your sobriety! A years worth of sobriety might be why the rum is gone 😉 I appreciate the suggestion.	3
I usually say 8.5, cuz there's a good chunk of 9 that's really good but some REALLY bad	3
That’s awesome news! Welcome to the family!	3
I wish I could buy them I am here in Florida gets harder each day to find them	3
Just making a joke from The Office. My bad haha	3
Sorry to disappoint, we are working very hard as employees to turn this thing around. Hopefully we can change your mind in the future.	3
Followup comment that not-so-subtly requests gold by feigning ignorance or pandering to the pathos of uninspired premium redditors.	0
I'm a firm climate change believer but jeez that was painful to read. Sorry, this is far from bestof	4
Wish I had something better for you but best of luck to you, this situation sucks	3
i dont think you guys understand it at all tbh.	0
No, it's just that OP made that part up. The article didn't say anything about femenists.	0
That sounds really interesting.	3
You're a bad person, but a great [NAME].	3
I have seen some terrible minion stuff, I thought I've seen the worst of the worst. I was wrong...I was horribly wrong.	1
His other stuff is considerably more intense. His shows are pretty incredible.	3
SATURDAY! SATURDAY! SATURDAY!	3
I agree it seemed very odd the whole live stream...	3
Oh no, not again!	0
You see what I mean . This is still bullshit that people won't expect that fact the alcohol and cigarettes harm your body more than weed does	3
I wish I could give it to you. I've always had negative comments.	3
It's been 2 hours since OP posted the comment, hope OP alright	3
You sweet summer child...	3
This entertained me far more than it should have. If I had gold to give...	3
I agree 100%	3
I TOOK TOO MUCH OF A RISK IM SORRY	4
I love cars, but bullshit on different laws for different people	3
As far as I know that’s why the military loves it. Plus the [NAME] use it for food occasionally.	3
Same.. I wonder why we catastrophize over these minor things so much and others seem to be able to forget them..	5
Seems like you're another guy who hates legion ;D	0
"Lol ""not sure what I'm going to do."" Maybe stop digging through people's trash and judging it?"	5
Group of guys with full auto guns? Na, bow and arrow guy wins again!	3
I’ve had to remove fallen trees on snowy roads because the forest service is not working as much. Shits a little fucked.	0
Very sad. It’s the child I feel for most.	4
We don't undervalue him, almost any and all experts thing he is just not worth his contract.	0
Her upper lip always looks terrible - such an easy fix, can’t believe she is so vain and never bothers to wax	4
Thank you, you are blessed	3
I'm confused	5
Roger that thanks	3
Haha I love this. I used to give mine phone books and my room would look just like this in a matter of hours. Crazy.	3
There is no way around it :(	4
Wow, foot and car traffic downtown has changed a ton in just 8 years.	5
This country is an absolute shithole. Our police are no better than the filth they should be catching!	0
Those are some pissed off lookin Nucks	1
the worse part is you might be crazy yourself and have no idea!	0
I love this.	3
..... That would seem like the ultimate way to get rejected and never spoken to again.	0
No. These are the people who loved someone with BPD, but got used/abused/abandoned by them. It's mostly romantic relationships. Family tends to be on r/raisedbyborderlines.	0
Is this the go-to battle cry now of anyone The Left disagrees with or supports [NAME]? A Russian Agent? Give me a break.	5
I literally do not like this	0
Should tell the people at 4chan. They will help you forget this	3
BANG motherfucker!	0
Thank you for your help my friend	3
At this point, I am completely convinced that you are either a bot, or an unconvincing alt account. Prove me wrong.	5
I didnt even recognize [NAME]!!!	5
Yep. That will do it. Glad to hear the message finally sank in. Rehabilitation is the key to fighting recidvism.	3
Unfamiliar with **[NAME] neighbours** Still I live at least 75' from 2 very nice quiet and respectable peeps.	3
She sounds hideous.	1
thanks! yeah a bit, wrote for my college paper last semester but thinking about doing more	3
Enfp male here, I would love to find an INTJ girl and see if it works, which people tell me it could!	3
He's been great since his first snap as a [NAME]	3
What the hell is going on at Getty Images?	0
This is exactly what I told him. I went the fuck off. Lol	3
Yup, Telltale was good. Until 2016.	3
Awesome pic!	3
The same comedy bit [NAME] has disavowed because it's used almost exclusively in circumstances like this? It's an awful and weak explantation.	4
I'm surprised they've gone this long not knowing [NAME] swears a lot.	5
I love how this boxy things is made to scare (common every show use that joke) but the queens is not scare at all.	3
Hurr durr, put well regulated back in the constitution. Ok [NAME] the fucking [NAME].	0
When you're accustomed to privilege equality feels like oppression.	0
White Oleander is such a great book, I haven't thought about it for years!! Adding it to my kindle to re-read.	3
Breast? Ah, I like it.	3
Thank you so much :)	3
How long a brain can keep its consciousn when blood pressure and flow is zero?	5
So every interaction with a dumb or crazy person is news?	5
Him being in prison (if these useless people and their story is real) HIV and Hep C should be a concern for her.	3
another one of those chicks sacrificing her children for a man and 'happiness'	4
And suddenly the UK join doesn't look so bad.	3
Hey, I love you! 😁	3
I love you both	3
>fail at reading comprehension >Other guy must be a troll ¯_(ツ)_/¯	0
Or you could y'know just be a nice person and respect other people's opinions and likes? ^Since ^you ^clearly ^have ^plenty ^of ^your ^own	3
And I clapped. So hard.	3
Cool shot. Super wide angle, multi shot?	5
I adore this. It gave me so many chills of happiness!	3
because it's fun	3
I sure hope so! Smug bastards!	0
Yo creep, please get help!	3
Thanks cool sub	3
Oh you're MGTOW. Lmao.	3
Yeah, series of holes like that make me uncomfortable and this picture has popped up in my head too many times since I first saw it.	0
Not sure if I'm having a woosh moment or you think I meant something else...	5
I made this a 41 from a 42, so satisfying!	3
Ah man, so many memories of those skits	3
Just for the sake of accuracy, is there a citation for this quotation. It is spicy, but I can’t bother to check right now.	5
[NAME]? (joke)	5
Technically it’s the abdomen. Stomach and belly are just informal synonyms. That girl is a racist and an idiot.	0
You get closure by blocking her on your phone and all social media. She dumped you. It's over.	0
Show me where jokes about (real) murdered children was acceptable in the past.	0
Get well soon, my man! Keep representing la isla! 🇵🇷	3
"you said that he said ""women shouldn't be allowed in the workplace"" which is dishonest and false"	0
I love you	3
Happy Daily Peko #270! Source couldn’t be found I think it’s from the manga.	3
Yup, it's pretty funny to know we technically use the metric system.	3
And I'm happy we all agree it's deathcore.	3
Congratulations! Your kids are very lucky to have a strong and positive parent :)	3
Such lovely humans here. Have fun with that type of attitude	3
omg, poor little bean	4
His wrists are too small ☹️	4
Imagine your daughter running away from home. I think that's a pretty terrifying idea without some murderer or mystic horror	2
If you don't patent, then don't complain	0
His tail?	5
If I fail, I still have some experiences with tracking down people. Might come in handy if I ever want to work for the police :P	3
Happy Birthday!!	3
I'm so triggered!!!!!!! Please stop you are hurting us with your comments!?!?!?!?!?	4
actually pretty hot tho	3
I don't believe that there's any justification for an authoritarian government.	0
Could you imagine? That would be so terrible for viewers. 😂	2
I was joking about a broader trend I've noticed.	3
I can appreciate that but snitches get stitches unfortunately	3
And only $300+ a night, beautiful but expensive.	3
Exactly. But beyond the surprise factor, the execution was perfect.	3
It’s a shame we have to face the islanders so soon	4
I wonder what a hug would feel like a lot too.	5
Or, [NAME] is upset we aren't in the playoffs.... You know. He only really cares about winning ..	3
Dad's Army! Lol!	3
What a gutsy, huge win. This might be the most important win of the year thus far	3
Wait is that [NAME] head in the up next?	5
Does you guys remember brutal left hand by the hitman hearns against [NAME]	5
You monster! Think of the children!	0
And then there was the on who grabbed mom’s breast and tried shoving ot onto the ba y’s mouth.	0
>If you can’t recognize bad acting like [NAME] emotional scenes, Oh please. Why are you even on this sub? Lol	0
Have you talked to your boyfriend about your feelings?	5
I came here to say basically the same thing. Too much talent and positional flexibility to have a standard lineup.	3
Haha enjoy your life sweaty. Haha	3
9. Some of us just don’t like fucking dogs. Fuck off. Stay away from me.	0
What’s all this meow?	0
We just had a teacher do that at my school. I don't know who wiped the kids butts though	5
I don't like [NAME] she is not relevant to the series.	0
>image management issue Seriously?! I must have missed that.	5
Chocolate hazelnut croissants were the bomb!	3
I'm amazed people read BuzzFeed articles.	5
Happy cake day bro... or ma'am. You have to see this to really take it in.	3
Here we go, ya'll ready for WW3...this time we're the baddies!	3
Hurts donuts are dry. i love the toppings and suffer through the bottom 90% of the donut, really not worth it.	0
“Jinkies, unmasking the monster is such a pain... Nyeeeeeeeeh~.”	4
Imagine what hed be like if he was actually very rich lol	3
Besides the fact that's it's funny she also looks like me witch makes it .5% funnier	3
Where did he ever want to nuke women's rights? Could you provide me with a source	5
That isn't the ideal female body nor is it /fit/ That's a fetish	0
I am surprised Facebook can't detect a non mobile device and redirect to the normal page.	5
I wish that too 😢	3
He's a sexist piece of shit regardless so	0
Probably because it mentioned [NAME] but idk. It's just was a harmless joke lol.	3
It's seriously terrifying!	2
How does ones SO even go through your ph ? Mine is locked with a pass code and a finger print	5
This sent shivers down my spine	2
[NAME] is bae, how dare you.	0
No, the best thing is to do cool stuff with care. That's what science is. You don't learn if you don't do stuff.	3
Damn perfect 👌	3
I couldn't reply to the message I got the other day	2
That's so good to hear and I know stress/anxiety is a factor but idk how to get rid of it, glad for you though.	3
That [NAME] part killed me!	4
Me too.. which left me conflicted about how to feel.	3
I'd be honored	3
Punchy is Life <3	3
I like the way your mind works.	3
I'm surprised he didn't say it was *almost* an inside job	5
thank you i’ll focus on education and just bettering myself to the best	3
No lie his jumpshot is pretty If he can hit those 3x more in-game, oh my god; [NAME] for [NAME] straight up	3
I hope it doesn’t get worse	3
Happy birthday, [NAME]!	3
It’s pretty embarrassing to see a grown man be taken down by a dog when the man outweighs the dog by a lot lmfao	4
Tribe member? They aren't native so that's annoying. To me, because I am.	0
Thank you. You too.	3
Hey, I get your point of view. I appreciate the explanation. :)	3
You’re awesome! :)	3
The biggest cringe is actually all the people commenting she's a man	2
I was justing humming Spin Light to myself before picking up my phone amd seeing this meme. Deja is such a classic, maybe my all time favorite album	3
You are an awesome partner.	3
isnt that halloween or like easter, man people are weird	0
There's literally nothing wrong with it except you being worried about the purity of your partner like c'mon.	0
Oh noo! You are the best dog owner :)	3
There are worse things!!!:	1
Eh, not sure we shoulda fired [NAME]. [NAME] was regarded as one of the best for quite a long time.	3
Oh that's right they just came back from the vacation. This is a vacation business trip. What a fuckin' joke.	3
I blame [NAME] for this series of unfortunate events	0
The remix is funny man.	3
21 year old here! I had always wondered when I would feel like an adult... according to this thread looks like it never happens	5
Also it’s YOU’RE a fucking stupid moron. Thank u.	3
DAYUM!!!!! This post is lit AF. Got some verbal geniuses on this one.	3
Just take it easy son.	3
I’m sorry on behalf of all the idiot guys. They didn’t take my class. How Not to be Creepy 101.	4
It would be faster then light travel	3
Yep. Lots of younger generation are obsessed with their phones and emotionally rocky tend to engage in this behavior, especially women with their whole Instagram obsessions.	4
i don';t know about that, it's probably aliens.	5
"Don't ""neg"" the university (or any university) and don't write about doing illegal, unethical, or immoral activities. "	0
I could honestly just go without intermission interviews altogether.	3
yeah, it's basically Hillsong with sugary shakes pretending to be food.	3
I think this is my favourite one ever.	3
Typical Lebronsexual garbage channel. Don't watch video.	0
"I love his calls even when things get ""pear-shaped"""	3
He said great investment definitely not lost is this sub going to get back on track. Just because a post is bad doesn't mean they're lost.	3
I would just beat up someone I really hate, my brother.	0
Respect for the person to let you know upfront.	3
This guy seems like a real genius.	3
It does lol If you delete it off your phone it wouldn’t trace your estimated location unless it’s active on it	3
League wants an LA team to finally work so bad	4
>Bad request. this is some dank-tier meme that I'm not authorised to see, thanks [NAME]!	0
Skeptical approach, always lol	3
Oh? Why'd it reply here not the comment? Did i mess something up?	5
I think its hilarious that you can't seem to understand the joke of the headline.	3
Thanks, didn't know that	3
This is one of the most entertaining posts I've seen in a long time. Got a little adrenaline surge when he jumped. Wow.	3
Funny they put her between [NAME] and [NAME] as well.	3
It doesn't justify singling one guy out when the whole team played bad. Even [NAME] had a bad game.	4
But if I want the objective control how do I go about it in the early game where respawn are fast?	5
Ah, yeah. That's the trouble with anywhere that isn't London/NYC, especially if you speak English.	3
BEHOLD THE GREAT GRAIN [NAME] BECKONS US TO ITS CHAMBER! FOLLOW ME MY FELLOW BIRDS INTO THE ABYSS!	0
used to be some rowdies in phx, hope people are putting together a response to this...	3
Indiana resident here: fuck this state.	0
I wonder if it's a deal issue and they are allowed, again, to slip away in the last minute.	5
Great thread for more humblebrags. Can't have enough on this sub	3
First- damn what a block Secondly- that was a really smart timeout there. Expected a prayer shot.	3
LOL that would be way better	3
Hopefully this loss rejuvenated him. Im a conor fan, and even though I like khabib as well I admire some of his older philosophies	3
Ok but how is that a jerk he’s not pushing anyone off their chair	5
It says new, but I feel like they should call it 'used.'	0
It’s beautiful hun	3
Broad city is my favorite. I need a BFF like them	3
Hmm, I had no idea that eating spiders gave dogs that ability.	5
I'm very confused by this comment. I'd do it for $2500/mo.	5
[NAME] loves (the taste of) people	3
What's wrong with your cousin.	5
"You are also church people. Just ask her out ""Hey my relationship is open and you seem awesome, can I take you out for coffee?"""	3
Dude I hope you get help and get clean again. Best of luck to you.	3
I know I'd love him when he joined but there's a part of me that just doesn't even want him	3
why cant gifs not have sound? thats for youtubes are for.	5
Well I'm scared as shit let's hope for the best, benz should be back(?)	2
And people try to hold that against [NAME] when they should hold that against the Packers organization and Front Office...Their Front Office stopped trying, not [NAME].	0
[NAME] pnr play has not been good, they are defending jok and letting him get to the rim	0
I think she looked perfect beforehand. They're just too big!	3
Looks very dry	0
This is the funniest thing I’ve seen today	3
I cant’t stand mint flavored toothpaste. That’s how much I hate mint.	1
Thanks ill try those things. I have access to adhd meds but i began losing a kit of weight with my chronic illness too	3
Multiplayer guys got shafted too. It's sucks, but at least there's some new content.	0
I'm just reminding everyone. you're not helping the situation by being pedantic	0
I like that, and the baby laughs at the duck so it makes it cute rather than annoying :)	3
Woah, woah, woah. You're trying to tell me that elites have a stranglehold in a country with an *actual* aristocracy?!	5
Considering that the majority of people who play poker still open limp, I'm surprised these posts aren't more common.	5
I only watched a few episodes, but I loved that guy.	3
Its not the best state But its better than most states.	3
Yeah I was hoping for age 30+ stories, still interesting to hear other people’s experiences though!	5
So you’ve known each other a while, but how close are you?	5
Omg I had to crank my tv because I thought it was just low volume	5
Oh fucking come on	0
[NAME] damnit, have your upvote	0
Pistons gonna have to part with something the fans don't wanna give up. Haha	3
SUFFER MORTALS!	0
Sorry I should have said army.	4
You're welcome. I'm always up for providing ammo for fighting the narrow minded and religiously intolerant.	3
WOW HOLY SHIT	5
I understand it but still can't ask questions. I am too afraid	2
Which makes zero sense lol	3
Montreal is a beautiful city	3
My entire body aches now	4
I wish I could forget	3
If you are not going to kick him out, then don't complain. It is all your choice	0
All without a red circle, color me impressed..	3
He gave his 20 year old ex herpies dumped her and she killed herself. He’s an awful person	1
Am I the only one who is glad I saw this meme? I mean I'm officially traumatized, but still.	5
plumlee is such a bully. i love it	3
Whenever I have felt it would work. I wasn't always right but it never hurt to ask.	4
Dude looks like a lady	3
Yea! But I realize now I was referring to the wrong movie.	5
Sweet! I'm a Packers fan in Winnipeg. Really hoping to catch a game there next season.	3
Damn [NAME] let himself go	0
Thank you. Message me.	3
I hope we trade [NAME] for something so I can go cheer for [NAME] on a better team.	3
I feel personally attacked. Every time one little thing happens, part of me just collapses inside.	4
Obviously a flying monkey somewhere. What a nightmare that guy is. I'm glad you cut him out of your life.	3
That one is much better.. you win :(	3
My shirt is [NAME]. My balloon popper is the DNC. And then [NAME] is the fire under my ass to dive deeper ever day.	0
Well sure his one appearance in relief lost us a game, but at least he didn’t get hurt.	3
As much as I like [NAME] and want him to score so many (hes a speedy mofo) I think that this would be a good trade for sure	3
He is probably taking it slow to change thinks. I just hope that he is not an actual fan of [NAME] system. That would be a disaster	3
"This is stupid, if it is ""standard"" within mega budget movies, what is Lucasfilm excuse not to be prepared? "	0
As long as he knows [NAME] won’t take his shit lol	0
Congratulations on your relationship! I got a girlfriend too! She is imaginary right now but hopefully she will materialize soon enough!	3
Nah, I think it's being as dull as a butter knife.	0
looks like your fake autism you used to use for attention still has its side effects :/	0
Nobody likes you	0
Lmao, I have actually seen this happen at a [NAME] gig, so yeah, probably true.	3
She has a PINK semi?? Wow! Impressive!	3
Nah, she cute dawg.	3
Im really sad, and there is alot more goin on but i dont know how to tell it.	4
Have you talked to him about it and made it clear he understands where you are coming from?	5
This is a beautiful reply with advice that is spot on.	3
...silly walks	0
Was he in your butt?	5
"Don't you have a cashier to hassle somewhere? Go find something without a price tag and then tell them ""I guess it's free!"""	5
these [NAME] impersonators are getting terrible	0
Mind boggling. Truly. This is the same deal SHE negotiated. Why didn't she find out if her party would back it BEFORE she signed it?	3
Roses - still gives me goosebumps till this day	3
It's some freaky stuff for sure!! How legitimate do you speculate the experiments are?	5
"I agree. You can support a cop getting some pushback from a prole without supporting the one doing said ""pushback""."	3
Only 22? Weak.	2
Why all the downvotes? It's a fucking pizza thread?	0
I see why magic fans want [NAME] off their team.	5
[NAME] clan needs some fucking therapy.	1
Not sure what people expect from high school dropouts	5
Woord stay safe and have fun my friend. That’s a good find haha	3
Can you explain to me what SW BRT means?	5
I didn’t think about that side of it, thanks!	3
Brave move. Congrats and best of luck.	3
I'm a parent and am telling you that dude is sad and insecure as fuck.	3
So, you literally grew up in a barn?	5
Honestly [NAME] is just enjoying his 350k and sits at home to play Fortnite ar this point. He’s done for	3
Be careful with this weed	3
Imagine if [NAME] had got a service fault twice on match point?!	5
Fucking hell...	0
That helps. I would've never guessed you'd style mannequins.	5
Poor fella just got his arms out of plaster and we’re already making fun of him	3
I'm not a [NAME]. Can someone explain this to me?	5
It could be how depression is effecting you but i don't think it's crazy	3
Yeah I think you understood my issue then	3
Oof thank you	3
But not to the folks screwing him at the gas department.	0
Im so hype for this game, ive been waiting for this for awhile	3
Very sad. People like this are ruining Aus.	4
But we love how they enslave, rape and decimate civilizations in the name of [NAME]. You guys just don’t get it and are probably racist.	0
You have inspired someone to create something that is liked by others. Is v nice feel.	3
My alarm is for 8. Thank you very much!	3
I like to laugh	3
> Religion Lol the cowardice that you won't say '[RELIGION]'.	3
Thanks for clarifying; I've never heard this (it's not a pejorative where I live) so it's good to know.	3
Uh oh. Ummm, I need to take care of something.	3
If this is true, then we should be having kids out the ass	3
Nobody forced [NAME] to take [NAME] over [NAME], if he liked him that much then he should’ve just taken him.	0
Similarly, the Library of Congress is open and is absolutely beautiful. It's free and I highly recommend it even when the Smithsonian's aren't closed.	3
I hope for your sake you don't include Frazzles in your ostracising.	3
No that's communism not socialism. There's a difference between them.	0
Needed that. A [NAME] ridiculous play is a game changer	3
Do you think he is guilty or innocent, no need to use triple and quadruple negatives here	0
One can only hope	3
Good deeds don't buy off being shitty. This is why [NAME] is remembered as a monster.	4
I hope xe had a nice talk with the premier	3
So that’s what it looks like when it’s not a flop	3
Lmaoooo how’d you miss him that close 😂 sweet justice	3
Today I saved lots and lots of people from being raped by me. Now I really *do* feel created in [NAME] image.	3
Yeah, but I just don't want to pay for a full blown wedding, those can get expensive.	3
The general rule is that [NAME] is talking rubbish whenever he opens his mouth.	0
This was amazing	3
I just don't like our options in the off season.	0
im surprised you didnt try to go over her head to the owner or did he just not care about what the new GM was doing?	5
Great, now this song will be stuck in my head for the next 2 weeks.	3
Agreed. Was just pointing out the rules to OP.	3
Happy cake day friend	3
Lol oh shit everyone turn around	3
😂 I get excited when I see a profile OLD for a state employee.	3
I'm worried he's too small. I love his quickness, but sub-170 is scary for a guy that'll be running over the middle.	2
Arghh! There's a dinosaur loose in your house! A dinosaur with Tippex eyes.	2
I don't think we can beat capitalism, but there is a lot of progress to be made.	3
I'm afraid you have your terms mixed up -	2
How did Detroit quality for these trade exemptions? By sending 4 guys and acquiring only two in the [NAME] trade?	5
Awesome job!!	3
It's time to feel the fucking Bern, America.	0
Aw how cute, the human garbage wants help.	3
Yes, its from the song Ultimate by [NAME] (kinda of a hype/rap song)	3
What a fuckin n	0
Gotta love an environmentally friendly coaching staff.	3
Happy Wednesday night brother.	3
Islanders [NAME] says that given what happened yesterday we win this game 7-2 after a lackluster first period with a [NAME] hat trick.	3
Jurassic world fallen kingdom was awful after they left the island	1
Just got back,amd I realized that The Ducks are getting clutterfuckedd	5
I think it's weird that he didn't just wake you up and weirder that he didn't tell you until you noticed it was missing.	0
Asuelu nailed it.	3
I post on the the Donald you think I give a fat flying fuck?	0
She did mention she loves making costumes	3
Actually the chat is fairly centrist and there’s nothing wrong with having English as your second language	3
I agree, this subs being a little overly toxic about it	3
"I reject that [NAME] can't defend. Now his legs being gone, that might ""have legs"" "	0
Happy cake day!	3
I'm 100% sure you were punched in the face, but this was a good one	3
Pure unadulterated hatred. It’s disgusting.	1
No prob, glad you asked the question -- hope the response above helps fast-track folks like you who are interested in donating.	3
Oh that’s funny!! Nothing better than someone with a pee fetish lmfao	3
Im not going to swear	0
What do you stop from trying until seeing if you truly can or not?	5
I hate when that happens.	0
those pictures of [NAME] are real, he's on Crashing and the way he looked in the premiere was just awful.	1
what in the actual fuck. why are they still driving?!?!??!!?! Love the kindness of the young dudes tho	3
Thank goodness.	3
Sadly I don't think even half the people who watched the game are gonna hear about that.	4
And that is what cognitive dissonance looks like. People do the craziest things when reality doesn't meet their expectations.	3
I cringe every time [NAME] is in a fast break because it usually ends with his shot getting spiked lol.	3
Didn't look that thick either...no snow....this was ending badly no matter what.	0
Not sure wether to downvote because it's bad, or upvotes because that's the point	5
Oh ok, so we're agreeing. I didn't see that last part where you put him at 22. My bad. :-)	3
[NAME] you’re such a shill for this FO it isn’t even funny anymore	3
My god, what is WRONG with people? So glad you’re okay, OP!!	3
Stafford Starford Starlord OMG!!!	3
Yes it is. But from what I've read it sounds like it was after the testimony and not one of the charges against him.	3
I thought it was like a fake url sorry	4
Your title is unnecessarily harsh towards the user. Re-submit with a better title.	0
It’s getting so annoying	0
"There's no such thing as ""toxic masculinity"" and it is a term used by bigots to hide their sexism."	3
Vanity is a sin, [NAME] wants us to hate our bodies	0
They're a clear example of what can go wrong when you marry ANYONE you don't really know, regardless of where they're from.	3
I've learned that guys are dumb and to not listen to them about women's beauty stuff🙄	5
That would be so nice to see	3
I once got one missing half a wafer. So delicious.	3
I don't even remember what I was thinking.	5
Waiting must be really boring	4
It's an underrated drama which just got snubbed on [NAME]	4
She looks so much better. She really is pretty.	3
came here to find the person who hasn’t seen this movie so i could feel bad for them	4
You're pointing at me You pointed first I'm signaling that's not pointing Stop pointing at me!	0
I'll try that but I'm thinking about going outside when it is unbearable to sleep. Also I'm scared of cold making me more sleepy.	2
Always on the back of my mind when that's the last thing I want.	0
I needed to hear this. I'm resigning my good paying FT soul sucking job to try something new. Wish me luck!	3
Oh man that title hurt my brain.	4
How dare you assume my mortality! >:O	0
Good, I need an hour to align my chakras for the impending stress	3
It's not funny, but what do you mean?	5
Don't cry for me, Argentina.	4
Yeah, but ask how many people know who [NAME] is and how many people know who [NAME] is.	5
Wish a cute girl would stare at me.	3
Sorry for your loss. Thoughts and prayers.	4
Please make this happen. It works fine for Arizona. It will work fine here. Do it.	3
as a Ducks fan, this thread makes me sad...	4
It's probably an obvious answer, but it's bad around major cities and okay in the countryside.	3
Got to love the people who decry a two-colour view of the world by painting it all monochrome	3
If you can make a mini portal gun that would be awesome. But nonetheless, great work!	3
Your definition of a body is whats entertaining, laughable really !	3
[NAME]’ ego has turned him into such a bully. He seems to get off lately on witch-hunting and encouraging his “sisters” to harass people.	0
I dated a girl once who made a gb with her cup holder. Dropped my phone in it once	4
It's my monthly luxury. I don't go to Starbucks or eat out, I instead go to Disney lol	3
Yea with [NAME] as a host right?	5
This is more what I was looking for, that’s how I figured it’d feel but I’m not super eager to find out	3
> is not needed for dogs. Wrong. In *this* case it wasn’t. It very often is.	0
You really really summed that up. Perfectly actually.	3
>lox is optional How dare you put '[NAME]' in your flair! How dare you.. Mods! Mods! Apprehend this impostor!	0
That trade turned out to be a complete disaster for us. Too bad.	4
I’m scared for y’all saying Undone.	2
You're an amazing person OP. Please keep doing you!	3
I'm sure HMB Barbers at Nundah village will look after you	3
Her attempts to be “edgy” fall flat are incredibly cringeworthy.	4
for how long, you arent fucking with me?	0
This wouldn’t feel so bad if sales and footfall weren’t but many external pressures were keeping profits down.	4
:). Can you post your percentages tho, I am curious.	5
Should people be taken to court if they are suspicions about them killing someone?	5
Happy to help	3
Wow, thanks so much for me to own tool that I can speak and understand Japanese fluently enough.	3
Very very very naive.	0
> IMO the actual root of people's annoyance is that she's an outspoken progressive Not entirely.	0
Ooooh, we got a badass over here!	3
whoops I still hope they press that legislation though	3
That is one of the things I’m most excited for in S2. Seeing him playing [NAME] and go off like this so effortlessly is amazing	3
I'm interested, more than I should be.	3
Cruz Azul choked? I never would have expected that from them, thanks for the heads up	3
For a super interesting participatory democracy example, [NAME] has a fantastic vid on YouTube about Cuban democracy.	3
Is there a university in China? Are we in 5019?	5
aren’t they ‘Staffordshire Bull Terriers’,commonly called,Staffies in Europe?	5
I think they're good optics. Or do you not think that being openly intolerant toward surveillance encourages others to be openly intolerant toward surveillance in turn?	3
Having kids is bringing into being a conscious person who will suffer and die and be aware of that fact. Become an antinatalist.	5
Love how he stops and embraces the pole.	3
Teacher: Huh, I never though he'd really do that.	4
Now that would be an interesting game! Not quite sure it's the matchup I'm looking for though. Lol	3
Good luck.	3
I’m surprised I had to scroll this far down	5
Thanks for not responding to my comment like this, it just shows even more that you are a troll.	3
"My first thought was, ""What is a [NAME]?"" Then I realized I was being dumb."	5
Thank you. 😀	3
Ooo, I wouldn't go that far.	5
Yes!! My favourite film - I came here to suggest it, too.	3
this 'bug' has caused me countless death... i always used rifle primarily and switched to shotgun after rifle shot	4
"""joke's on you, I was only pretending"""	3
I have over 120 hours of play time and only have like 27 achievements 🤤😭	4
I'm curious to see what his answer will be	5
Shootouts aren’t our strong suit. Happy to get out with a point though	0
Oh, exploitable	4
nice try, FBI!	3
it's basically summer here right now. these posts are clueless.	0
Omg I love that. Coffee in bed. A nice omelette and then another roll in the hay.	3
I'd be surprised if mosques make the girls on school trips cover their hair, hence my question.	5
This is the greatest Bama game I've ever watched	3
You k how it's bad when a furry is roasting you	0
I am interested if still available. This would be way more fun then my smith center season!	3
I hope it all works out for you and your baby girl, its hard doing it alone but itll be worth it for her. :)	3
"Man – I love how [NAME] really lights up when she asks about [NAME] .... ""that's my boy for real, for real"". Love that."	3
I'm pretty sure this is the classic case of spending the time between sets laying on the equipment and texting/chapchatting/facetiming	3
I dont think self-sources work for TIL.	0
“Spite-based refugee system...” really got me chucking.	4
Reminds me of that last scene in Coraline, where she's walking through the woods. Cool photo.	3
you'd have to help them get past [NAME] extremely tough immigration process	3
Sadly I had to scroll through the story to read this	4
No idea, maybe say nothing..............	5
This - people have been saying he’s 5 mins away from impeachment since he got elected, lol.	3
My guys about to laser a 5 year old cause he didn’t give that little girl his lunchable	3
[NAME] is a happy boi!!	3
I'll make a note of this. Thanks!	3
I think we all know [NAME] has the best curves in team history.	3
The intro in that video looks like a sand storm on there, imagine a sand storm while playing GA on that map, it would be awesome!	3
It's certainly not one I identify with, but I find it intriguing. Hence my starting this discussion.	0
lol at them both getting downvotes	3
Thank you, I appreciate it <3	3
Aren’t property owners responsible for clearing sidewalks in front? The bike lanes are part of the roadway, and thus under the city’s jurisdiction.	5
I'm new here. Can you help me understand what you mean? I read Jacobin quite a bit.	5
"""I awoke several hours later in a daze...."" 😂"	5
Jokes on you..he's in cahoots with the guy at Oxford...	3
That sounds like it was an absolute nightmare, I'm sorry you had to go through that, anesthetic failing is a horrifying experience.	2
At least you're laughing. It's a step in the right direction. Have a great Friday Me. Flower-of-Power! ;-)	3
Thank you :) that’s very generous :) xo	3
No, sex is a reward, and he doesn't deserve it.	0
The snapchat news feed on the stories page is horrendous, its entirely just celebs, porn and hookup culture shit.	1
I wonder how it's still tagged questionable...	5
Boy, are you going to cake yourself when you find out what french kissing is	5
I can’t believe you’re comparing drug use to interracial marriage. Racists like you disgust me.	1
Thanks, I'll resubmit	3
She completely understands, that's why she does this.	5
Expectations was amazing - this ain’t it	3
Philebus by [NAME]. Quite under-studied imo. It's really insightful and a beautiful read.	3
Thanks. Timeless and eternal right?	3
Find a new doctor. If he isn't willing to treat people because of political affiliation then he's a horrible doctor and an even worse person.	0
5 is absolutely average. 6 would be kinda cute but nothing special. Kinda annoys me that so many people rate 5 as being lowkey ugly lol	0
This comment completly proves the opinion of the OP right lmao. I’m so sorry America doesn’t meet your standards oh mighty reddit commentor	4
She didn't believe that [NAME] left a Bomb. To [NAME] it could all be a trick to get her to come back.	0
You must be fun at parties.	3
Yep. He would also probably have had a not insignificant “metoo” moment.	3
This is the best. I love it	3
The state should kill them yes, you seem to have a very low IQ and can’t grasp [RELIGION]. No wonder you took up Reddit Atheism	0
Yeah people demonize salt but like that's the opposite problem with restricting, salt is my friend leave me out of it	0
Stay safe, you will find someone one day.	3
I'm sorry but [NAME], [NAME] and [NAME] are my favs this year (and I hated [NAME] in her Season).	4
Im so hungry now! Damn this sub! I love it!	3
Depends on a few factors. What kind of pants and what time of day do you normally run into her?	5
Is this the best that you could come up with?	3
I'm N-word, and I miss my dad	4
I'm with you. Would this news surprise me? Absolutely not. But I'm not believing anything regarding this subject unless it comes from [NAME] himself	5
:( bastards	0
I AM LITERALLY FREAKING THE FUCK OUT	0
IS THIS NOT THE GOOGLE???? GOOGLE CHICKEN POT PIE RECIPE. DAMN TECHNOLOGY AND MELLINIALS.	5
What about hot water?	5
Agreed. A case where we're both right. Cheers!	3
yeh and the new ones just feel like reskin cod games sadly	4
Day 7 is tough... Not as tough as day 15 but tough	4
What. The. Fuck.	0
I've had sleep paralysis once and it is really bad.	4
[NAME] has stolen my heart.	3
I hate that this is true. Some of these offices are such a pain to find and cash tips are never part of the equation	0
Is it just me or does it seem like she should have been able to get away with a couple scraped knees without the concussion	5
Wait, which ones can do it now? Seriously, I don't really know this one.	5
It's very normal in most parts of the world. It just rightfully appears horrifying to those in 1st world countries.	3
I already told you, food poisoning or allergic foods. The real greedy snake oil salesmen are big pharma.	0
Theres a BIG difference between being against ones (hateful) political position and between harassing someone for his ethnicity.	0
Thanks man:) great advice!	3
There are no male versions of feminists. Men live in a different social reality than women.	0
That's a rather annoying extrapolation of what I said.	0
"Yes, and when I do say ""no"" I'm filled with tremendous guilt. "	4
I'm just now realizing that I married a covert narc.	5
I was hoping this would happen since I saw yesterday's post! I was not disappointed in the least!	3
I was wondering what that was and now, I need to go get some brain bleach.	5
I agree. That should be the core. [NAME] will be an elite defender	3
I'm sorry, there is no way this guy is Canadian.	4
Ha! Had to go back and look. Pens.... I was seriously wondering wtf this was, a giant penis-shaped gummy bear?!	0
What do the [NAME] have to do with it	5
I suggest that you start by not apologising before you do something harmless (e.g. the beginning of this thread)	3
Oh it’s hilarious, but not because of the act, but because of the overreaction of everyone in these threads.	3
I’m not much into either, but I have my share of stupid desires. I really want more mermaid tails.	3
Absolutely! The Republicans are craven	3
Is this something from [NAME]?	5
Stop working, it works with the GM corporation, why not the US corporation.	5
I've seen this multiple times and wonder what happened to her after this.	5
Thanking people isn't manly.	0
Jabronis... cool word!	3
Why is [NAME] me though lmao	3
"I remember one guy on the show being labeled as ""[NAME] son"" so I""m not sure what that's about."	5
But actually, they are all beta	3
We might just sleep on an air mattress while we wait 😂 awe that’s so sweet of you!! We love our bunnies and veggies haha	3
Completely understandable. Lots of players who are new and don't realize how big of a distraction that is	3
i also cried	4
I forgot i followed this subreddit and now i'm having a meltdown	4
Damnit, it was *Flavor-Aid*, not Kool-Aid.	0
Bring on the mosquito to destroy those tired legs	0
I love this kid.	3
While true, that's not what they're talking about here	0
And in those dominion game, everyone clapped. And [NAME] was there.	3
The original Halloween movie is still the scariest film I have ever seen. Being chased by [NAME] in this game is terrifying.	2
> fooled into believing herself an interesting character Uh.. that isn't how movies work.	0
What an unbelievable coward	5
Fish and chips were amazing. Probably the best I've ever had, and as a fush and chups connoisseur I don't say that lightly.	3
I’m scared.	2
Sorry but I don't keep up with YT celebs or drama What happened to [NAME] ?	4
Hardly heard anyone I know talk about it but Damnation was amazing.	3
I'm not even going to read all of that. It is not mindboggling AT ALL. [NAME] is a huge douchebag. The end.	0
What's your opinion of Genji?	5
Looks like the nightingale armour from Sky rim still pretty cool tho	3
How do you play 180+ hours and not know that taunt is already a thing? (Pick a fight, ventriloqy)	5
Are you ghosting?	0
It only struggles because it's released too late by [NAME] defeat.	5
I would love to hear yours u/jellyjellyspace You posted a pretty unique topic	3
That’s not true. She represents those who voted her into power.	0
Glad he didn’t try to backpedal about his feelings. They are valid and he has a right to have them.	3
Sometimes people that are around each other a lot just get to be friends. Sometimes people ignore that their friends are actually terrible people.	1
Well, I was going to surprise you [NAME], but what the heck...I’m gaining a bunch of weight to go on disability!	4
Disclaimer: This is r/television not r/news. Sorry for the mistake.	4
I'm actually heartened that I'm not the only one that thinks about that group. wonder if men ponder on it.	5
Is that seriously the story? I haven’t googled it. I just thought it was cool as a WW2 buff	5
Not the first time. Won't be the last. Thanks!	3
It definitely has the best look to it. Also the best characters. Count [NAME] henchmen are amazing.	3
I don’t even try to make shots like this myself. So I gotta watch other people make them.	4
No. Screw him. It IS a demanding job. Physically and emotionally draining. You deserve a hot meal and a friggin hour or two to decompress.	0
[NAME] speed, and good luck.	3
I'd love an updated Garris!	3
Rahway Mechanical LLC should be able to. Great guy	3
Well he gets an A+ for fackin over the people!	0
Don't feel bad I am sure the otters are getting taken care care of just fine.	3
And I thought I was too old for this drama (I’m 25)	5
I isst thought y’all woooshed me but then I realized what subreddit I’m on	5
Someone really needs to solve the problem of how to put cars into video games, I'd love to see it one day, just imagine the fun!	3
Do you still have the video?	5
I like how old it is, like a vintage wine. Classssssy and aged to perfection.	3
I love Dr [NAME] and [NAME] at 8 West Dental in downtown. Edit: Called Dr [NAME] the wrong name.	3
Your pedo-tache is only the fourth worst thing about your face.	0
Wait there are still people on this subreddit who haven't blocked that account? I'm impressed.	3
That’s my mission :) thank you so much	3
How do you know they are [NAME]? Where they caught? Maybe a cat? It's just some crazy person?	5
It was more just “where did all these airpods come from?!” It was weird to me.	5
I was sad to see emails from multiple downtown restaurants offering free delivery through grubhub. Deliveries are going to be brutal.	4
Addressed this elsewhere but I was mistaken. Thanks for the correction.	3
lol, you dieded	3
Water? Find a way to keep your temperature down.	3
Katy/cypress area is just as bad if not worse in some areas. Luckily we only saw one driver obviously drunk but there were several wrecks. Be safe everyone	3
I love how he is gonna hit that fat dude and the gif ends	3
This is why you either keep your distance or shoot them.	5
What's your definition of a repeater?	5
Im going to be doing the same. Best of luck to you. Stay strong, you can do it!	3
I got cousins who were missionaries to Venezuela in the [NAME] years. They have not been shy about their opinions on this matter. They support the rebels.	3
She might just be insecure. You do have a bit of an age difference, so she might feel like she doesn’t match up to you.	4
very interesting hill to die on	3
No. They can go through the same legal process my wife and I did before getting in that line, so they don’t get turned away.	3
You can't just assert that something came from nothing, you need to provide evidence for said claim.	0
After the first sentence you were my best friend. Then came the second sentence and now I really don’t like you.	0
How DARE you!	0
"""I like it when you x"", ""can you try doing y?"" - focus on positive and giving advice"	3
We *do* deserve animals if we give them lovings! Don’t talk so down about yourself, silly .. that’s what that kitty would say !	3
I'd Post this corrected version right under theirs. Every Time. LOL!!!	3
Not surprised...he has ZERO interest in finding a job and living like a responsible adult...	0
I can always make new friends because I'm charismatic, but I still really care about them.	3
Ik man. I probably would too, even though it would probably lead to my death... best of luck to you friend. I hope you find happiness	3
I'm glad I'm not the only one who feels the same!	3
I did that a lot as well. I always loved going with her.	3
Dyscalculia. It's not that uncommon, especially in people with ADHD.	0
same here OP, reading some of these stories makes me want to hug my DM for being a decent human being as well as a solid DM	3
"That's not correct. The ""Dallas-Fort Worth, TX-OK Combined Statistical Area"" includes Durant, as it does Athens. "	0
"More comments than upvotes lol ""Most Democratic"" How do you even measure that? "	3
“we love [NAME]!”	3
I wish there was a way to separate the moderation function of karma from the “I agree with you/I don’t agree with you“.	3
Thank you oh my [NAME] 💖💖💖	3
And I wish I wasn't lumped in with new jersey.	3
Yep, though we just had a cross on the stochastic RSI weekly chart, looks like the next four to six weeks are going to get nasty.	3
makes me wish friendly fire was a feature	3
Thanks for the insight	3
[NAME] is so rational, I’d just cry really hard if my parents spent all my college money 💰	4
Never said I didn’t have a hobby. Looking for suggestions and a third person perspective thanks	3
Well thats just mean.	0
I.. love arby's..	3
Leave wet puddles everywhere!	0
That's every cat's idea of fun!! Tasty human hands!	3
Well he's right. The evil is a choice, it's not inherent.	3
It sucks being unattractive. It pisses me off that there are so many beautiful people in the world, and I ain't one of them.	4
Yeah he is crazy early game, but as soon as you get a few items on an ap character, you just kill him before he combos lol	3
Says millennials are afraid of hard work, dismisses the hard work required to get a fit body.	2
And the problem is that they took doctors out of a&e and out patients and community services and gp's to pay for his monstrosity...	4
I resonate with this so strongly. Thank you for putting this feeling into words so succinctly.	3
My baby niece does this. She fell down a couple stairs in her time and now is real careful with them	5
One of the most reasonable comments I've ever read on the site (sad, right?). Salute to you	3
Yeah it’s weird bc in my family the basket case was my dad.	0
Chances are you’ll be playing against potato players that are worse than bots, so I think you’ve got it in you.	3
Getting AB for anything less than a 2nd rounder + something else definitely isn't realistic.	0
My name is [NAME]. You killed my father, prepare to die.	0
[NAME] Just Stop trying you idiot	0
Looks like they did it to scare everyone else on the road as a dominance game.	2
That’s a good way of putting it	3
she usually sits below the bathroom sink like a fuckin weirdo between 9-11 pm but she'll be free after.	1
Hope to [NAME] i don’t end up like u	3
She is in a weird fairy tale stage, but then also realistic. I’m so confused. I guess you be both delusional and logical?	5
I wanna believe it's a reference to CNN hosting 500 town halls & debates with [NAME] since the election.	3
Pretty sure he was being facetious guy	3
but I love your username	3
This is not good.	0
Damn some of these are so cringy that i almost downvote them, but realize that they are suppose to be terrible.	0
Also it seems like there is some possibility of the pole going backwards lol	3
Summer Beaver, nice place.	3
When you go get your things, if you can bring a friend. Wishing you all the best.	3
Games like this are just demoralizing for our players.	0
Fuck this team	0
Best comment ever	3
You're not. OP just couldn't follow some of the simplest rules on reddit.	0
That level 20 purifier upgrade can get so juicy.... i love artanis	3
I don't think the people who agree with this post fully understand how large a legion is.	0
This is the most Boomer thing i've ever seen	5
Just curious as to what got you called racist? Edit: Nvm. You post on the_donald... I can imagine.	5
That should usually be the giveaway—though they now wear these ridiculous waist-high tights to hide the fact they don’t have workout bodies either.	0
Back at it with the crazy [RELIGION] conspiracies I see. Did you stop taking your pills?	0
I mean fun	3
Apparently he has returned to the bench so hopefully he's ok.	3
What a king. So sweet	3
Being gilded makes people’s days better. I love this.	3
Maybe someone up there is wondering what it's like here	5
Religion is different. It's not just facts and information.	3
No, this was pretty expected	3
Let us celebrate with a glass of kerbango.	3
>Many of these jobs are necessary for society That's where you are wrong	3
Thank you [NAME]	3
Oh my gosh! That light house!! Its terrifying!!	2
"How many times did you end up shouting ""Bingo!"""	5
Ok you're a little homophobic	3
our enemy, the state	0
Update: haven’t been banned yet By the way when I stop these updates I’ve most likely been banned	5
Lol. Weed is a he'll of a drug. I'm not changing a thing. Prey away.	3
Absolutely gorgeous pass by [NAME]	3
I do not believe she has any secret information, but I still suspect she's in danger and her plan has backfired substantially.	0
Being bullied is what taught me I wasn't wanted anywhere.	0
Hmmm. She is Korean. Based on the early posts I didn't see that one coming.	3
He's a good prospect. Solid enough lineout and scrum, great around the park. Been pushing TPN for starting spot.	3
Double sheilds is excellent 3800 and below. Prob is, teammates dont use them	3
Did the goal light go off? Because the scoreboard changed on SN and TSN	5
Thats it I am out. This sub stinks.	0
Not in this thread- but I have heard people act like it’s no big deal... don’t take reasonable precautions to prevent spreading it	5
Hey! Go fuck yourself, you capitalist apologist bootlicking piece of shit	0
Are you top or bottom? I need to go under you real quick I'm gonna need you to take him on bar	5
She would be devastated! Whatever you're going through won't last forever... this will pass!! Ask for help - find someone to talk to!	0
you should have asked this question 15 years ago sadly :(	4
Honestly, whatever kills the hangover. I do bacon mac n cheese and a spinach smoothie. Weird combo, I know.	5
You could see this as your friend caring for you, meaning well.	3
Not actually cheating if the system is set up that way. Take it up with your Government.	0
you could do that but i woulndt want that as soldier, widow or mccree. but of course reaper should not try to break the shield	0
My contribution for that wonderful	3
For the love of all that is good and holy, please find competent broadcasters NBCSN.	3
Welcome to the family! Don't let toxic fans, especially Twitter, get the best of you. Let's go canes!	3
I would be impressed if [NAME] ate 15% of his weight every day I wish I lived in a state where the contest was valid. Stupid NY	0
I will not being awkward if I am being myself but I just scared	2
Omg this is great.	3
[NAME] is a hero I always saw it. But seriously I love his video essays and im so ecstatic that hes a raimi memer!	3
Wow I forgot about that! I need to revisit those!	5
Everyone was fine so I guess it’s okay	3
I didn't know until a couple months ago. I'm 41. I know exactly what you mean.	5
I hope they caught the bastard	3
Lol love it.	3
Wow Jurassic Park looks a lot different than in the cinema	5
what an idiot	0
This series is so unapologetic in its outlandishness that I just can’t help but love it.	3
Oh look even more whinging by a Brexshitter about how its all gonna sort it self out fine, such fantastic info.	3
then explain to me why everytime I post reply to u/955bsp, in an old post, you start spamming me	5
Thank you & my heartfelt condolences. Snap in to a watermelon and drink to forget.	3
Yeah I know :'(	3
Not everyone agrees that he was actually an amazing strategist or a great general, actually.	0
Why is the hotdog so long lmao	5
Congrats on coming out	3
Welcome to post-truth politics.	3
Woo hoo!!! Free at last!	3
The Patriots dethroned the Rams and the greatest show on turf, it'd be cool for the Rams to do the same now.	3
Actually a good idea. Starbucks, breakfast sandwiches, donuts... all fine excuses unless you work at one of those places.	3
Wow the garbage one and the bank one are really terrible. I’ve had the coupon ones too, people are touchy about coupons haha.	3
The only thing I remember about that guy was the super racist remarks he made about [NAME].	0
You’re buying a hipster truck then demanding INVOICE PORT PDICE. If they don’t broom you won’t get a survey for sure lol	3
> If you have a point - make it. I did, I'm sorry you missed it.	4
I know! Or close the door of the room where the baby is sleeping? It's too sad for the poor thing to be locked inside.	4
Wow that is the exact armor combo i used to use	5
The Watchmen just moved from Amazon to Netflix. Every time I watch that movie I like it way more. Hope I contributed here.	3
I was afraid of that .	2
Can you expand a bit? That would be interesting for us that are not in the know.	5
Yep. Learned my lesson this time.	5
I always have the subtitles on. So I don’t miss a single 💎!	3
Yeah bad timing, but thanks for answering tho have a good rest of your day, cheers!	3
I'm having the same problem. Hoping that there is some good advice in response to this! Hugs though hon, I feel your pain.	3
STOP GETTING FACTS FROM [NAME] AND THE CORRUPT STATE ..lol	0
Doesnt help [NAME] was right. That would further push [NAME] into his arms	3
I support the idea of punishing [NAME] without trying to injure [NAME].	3
I compleatly get it. It makes me not trust people over the littlest things.	0
Wait, what. Are you okay son? I'm here to talk.	3
Ayyy best game ever! Thanks for the love	3
Can someone like link me to the picture i’ve been trying to find it	5
If you think that you're ready for a relationship, go ahead. As long as you're not stepping on anyone.	3
I have friends who drove from interior Alaska to Arizona in less than 48 hours... It's possible.	3
Everything on this sub is touchy usually no? Hah no worries, just offering my other perspective	5
Sorry for the bad formatting	4
Good luck to him.	3
You’re an asshole.	0
I wish everything the I was going through was a hallucination	3
You're right and I hate it.	0
Let's see, cash register ink, well that's a business expense isn't it... But then I do enjoy the smell... Better not risk it	3
Ha jokes on you guys we still use paper charts	3
You fool you're using logic on a show that is clearly not bound by any	0
Praying this goes to at least 4. I like both the players but would really like to see [NAME] play to his max GS potential	3
She seems like such a happy kid too!	3
"Hopefully ""new games"" doesn't mean ""new ways to put money into other things besides our main games."""	3
that sounds fun!	3
Beards are great for stimulating the lady parts.	3
My favorite thing is when [NAME] gets the ball at the top of the key and every stands with their hands on their hips	3
I love how people downvote you because you are right. It's okay dude for honor community is a hive mind of braindead plebs	3
What a dumbass question to start with...	0
A the_donald poster trying to pass as a human being has to be one of the saddest things I've ever seen.	4
When your dog dies, you will realize how absurd this statement is.	5
Except [NAME] isn't under our control or capable of having an impact on our team. We traded him. lol	3
Thanks!! Been avoiding this but I literally am in that area for the Elk pelt so I better put my emotions in a case	3
You mean the Chelsea?	5
Who said anything about being confused? No disagreement here whatsoever. :)	5
I was under the impression that [NAME] also has some pretty rough health problems.	4
Lmao I’m so sorry but yet intrigued as to how it contributed to your breakup?	4
I love to how we went to the other room to say that. Not that he realizes he's Miked up and not going anywhere	3
FQ looks pretty good so far. Do not disrespect Notorious POB.	3
How embarrassing.	4
ugh. I love guild wars 2 but it has the weirdest god damn community and management dynamic of any mmo.	3
i believe he has a minor ankle injury at the moment, i’m not too worried about his skating	3
Best swimmer outta all my siblings 🏊‍♂️🏊‍♂️🏊‍♂️🏊‍♂️💪🏼	3
I don't know if I'm more disappointed in the driver or the pedestrians..	5
Nah man sorry if it's being taken wrong. I'm trying to say that I got an idea from her actions. Should have just said that	5
Sorry, mom took it out of the oven already and I am STARVING!	3
Maybe 5-10 games in the g league would help knock some rust off?	3
Why dont you go complaint about USA 75% deforestation?	5
No mention of [NAME]? For shame, subreddit. For shame.	5
This question belongs in askreddit or the like. They can deal with the sexist crap this is going to dredge up.	3
This primary doesn’t deserve this nice birthday.	0
So basically the union would be a legal fiction to simply elect federal representatives jointly and nothing else? Hmm. Anything more than that would be an implausible boondoggle.	5
No, [NAME] has said more than once it was not.	0
I have this too, so don't worry. We are not crazy. Just regular humans who happen to have an anxiety issue.	2
I've wondered this too!	3
I used to have a pet rat. She was the best pet I ever had.	3
Our draft choices are horrible anyway, it doesn't matter where we pick.	0
Yes, because private matches are a thing. Surprised no one else has mentioned that one.	5
I should have known what awaits behind the oilymama hashtag and yet I searched. Now I’m sad.	4
Ah the city of brotherly love <3	3
Great tag :)	3
Angry old men raise their canes when angry. Raising Cane's is a fast food chicken finger chain.	0
Congratulations on the embroidery, and on quitting tobacco!	3
I solo climbed to Master as main DPS with 60hz. It really doesnt matter.	0
Removed, anyone have a mirror or archive?	5
Hey mate, just know that if you need someone to talk to, I'm ready to listen. Hope things will get better for you, anyway.	3
Your “[NAME]” is a train wreck at social media. Only skill he’s shown so far	0
You don't need to screw your face up like that, it's already screwed up enough.	0
"Thanks for answering instead of ""but hillary""."	3
My question is for [NAME] and [NAME]: What would be the one piece of advice you would give to aspiring Overwatch coaches?	5
This idiot can't be bothered to comprehend anything that reads longer than a bumper sticker.	0
Disgusting. Truly disgusting.	1
I love how adgag laws are legalized illegal activities, look it up!	3
Happy new year!	3
I downvoted your original comment, but you've redeemed yourself with this one, lol. Have this upvote!	3
What is it with everybody doing extreme sumo deadlifts right now? Like yeah wow you can lift 2x your bodyweight 2 inches, well done.	3
Where? Sorry, the link doesn't seem to work!	4
At the time they would have. It became endangered and we had to stop.	3
I’m surprised the comments and views on that channel haven’t gone crazy.	5
It's just a natural reaction of people blaming white people as a whole for all the bad things in history.	3
The best reason to watch it again!! That scene with the ants was fucking fantastic, award winning worthy.	3
Yeah, hopefully the lesson learned from this is that our level of airport security is stupid and unnecessary and not that [NAME] is risking another 9/11	3
Sometimes I wonder if people are that stupid or that malicious	0
Yes it does. I kept doing this for 2 mins. But yes it can still be reassigned manually at the command center I'm sure	3
If it also ends up with them meeting [NAME] 4 horsewomen pals ([NAME], [NAME], and [NAME]), that'll be interesting.	3
Nah? Sadness and wine don’t mix too well, my conception is proof of that haha	3
Haha - even the [NAME] don’t want you! Ha-hah.	3
You're not the only one. I for one feel stupid for thinking 100t shouldnt be having problems with such an easy pool	4
This works for me too. Not sure why either.	5
Lafc fan lurking our sub... lol typical plastics.	3
Oh nice. Let's me try this. Thanks for sharing	3
[NAME] learning how to finish inside. I love it	3
OMG I’m dying she said carrot!!!!	3
Sure, rape isn't caused by poverty. You can compare poor whites vs poor hispanics too.	0
You look GORGEOUS and HEALTHY.	3
What? I’m regular lurker here that just deiced to comment.	5
Which company? Tell us, they can't do shit.	5
A guava sounds awesome! Totally didn’t even think of that!	3
lol, [NAME] i hope not	3
Idk that looks like adobe gains to me..	5
Strange how it's funny until your mate's getting his arse handed to him.	3
So TD tried putting an invisible downvote button for real?? Didn’t stop me from downvoting their idiocy.	0
Except I can’t with the mobile app. Reddit doesn’t allow you highlight	0
Yep. Been there. Watching my baby crying while vomiting and her eyes looking at me so hurt was hard.	4
Congrats for coming out 😁😁	3
Fucking [NAME] with lazy passes all night long	0
agree, we are living in the feminist era where women want to be equal - so why should they be 'selective' in whats equal or not.	3
All I can say for sure is that you are more likely to find it back in Korea than I France! Good luck mate	3
I've never heard the insult 'Galaxy-Brain' before, but it's a wonderful! I'm gonna have to use it more often.	3
Good thing he throws like a 6 year old girl, otherwise this could've been serious.	3
True dat, I lost hope a LONG time ago	4
Downvote me into oblivion but both [NAME] and [NAME] shot around 35%. However one they say he balled out and the other one was struggling.	0
[NAME], I’d like to buy a letter A...	3
What happened with the guy at work?	5
No email. Besides Instacart emails go to my junk email so I probably would have missed it anyways	5
The lucky ones died quick	4
I've heard this is a form of self hypnosis such kinda makes sense to me.	3
Curious as to why he's been passed up so many times now.	5
So, you get yo keep the LLR and lose your house/money/car instead?	5
Sorry, no legal advice, but that really sucks and you have my sympathy. Best of luck and determination.	0
Yes, he's really pushing the Devils to new heights.	3
Is it fair to say she’s the most versatile makeup artist of all Ru girls?	3
it's worth it not having to deal with ebay's laziness fixing stupid problems	3
What sort of material would actually swell this much instead of eroding or just breaking? Is his ceiling made of rubber?	5
This is a good one	3
Very cool thanks!	3
Happy birthday! Enjoy your day and [NAME] should close this out as a present :)	3
Understanding of human nature has. Believe it or not, people thousands of years ago might not have understood the world perfectly.	5
Yesterday I remembered that this game existed and was happy that I waited and didn't buy into a game that would be dead in a month.	3
I hate when people Beijing a gun. Even worse when they Shanghai one.	0
Best part about this is that the cowboys will re-sign [NAME] and hopefully [NAME] too	3
Me, too. Was shocked to say the least.	5
Thank you for the precise context	3
Now this is poke choking!	1
I was ok till that last one.	3
Oh my [NAME].	5
All the best, [NAME] bless.	3
Yay! (Tech will be improved. Eeeek.)	3
Good to know thank you! Is per diem at hospital?	3
> [NAME] mother allegedly vandalized [NAME] grave, stating that she had ruined her son's life. No....	0
Thanks. It’s extremely hard to keep in mind	3
the good ol days	3
This is hilarious! Sounds similar to my buddy's experience at his gym in CoHeights!	3
I love [NAME]	3
Cheers, I enjoyed your announcers. Sucks we don't get to play again until next year	3
Stupid for difficult. I always feel that way. Fool among elites. That means I can be cared for.	3
Lets hope he gets a good birthday game ☺	3
You're both wrong NBA is an initialism, can't be pronounced as a word. Oh man I love reddit	3
They 100% know each other, maybe not personally	3
I'd be ok with it if you get one less card when you mulligan	3
Ugh obviously that's not what I meant, what I meant is that *socially* if they have a sibling that they do not need humans *socially*.	0
That's bad	1
I am seeing the insane clown posse there in two weeks and I have no idea how I am going to get home covered in faygo	5
[NAME], legendary skater	3
I mean I’m playing a card game and enjoying the cheap cards	3
That is a completely different point, and has nothing to do with nxt or its title being pointless.	0
Grim. Thank you for the info though. I learned something today.	3
Already I can can hear the screaming and howling of the neoliberal right. They will amuse me.	3
It is 100% a scam. They've been copying many [NAME] with the same message.	0
Ha, nope! Trying to distract myself on mobile in a really boring meeting. r/whoosh	0
You chose... wisely	3
As much as I’d love [NAME] to be gone, i know they never would	0
I hate [NAME] but this dude has already lied to Congress. How can you believe anything he says	0
I made it! My DH went to bed at 10:00, so I kissed my dog at midnight. Happy New Year!!	3
Well that just means that red hair isn't a valid hair color, just a mutation. We should just count them as brown instead. /heavysarcasm	3
thank you so much. i needed this.	3
I like it	3
Hell yeah! Make sure you get your tickets in advance because we are getting very close to selling out!	3
So satisfying chucking a spear and getting a few guys with one throw. Also I loved the bow in this game	3
whats it like being this stupid?	0
“Perhaps we could share a tray of twinkies together? You’d love that, *wouldn’t you*?”	5
[NAME] damn it I love this but it had a STRONG socialist undertone and I just can’t fw that	3
I’m sorry men, I have failed you. My rigidity was no match for the flaccid effort our boys showed tonight	4
When [NAME] shoots FTs you can really see the belly of that guy in the front row. It's awesome	3
Ah, I didn't understand the context.	5
What scares me is that now that this happened, they're going to try and find ways to take women's phones away from them.	2
I mean purely in the context of these pants he isn’t wrong	3
This comment is way too far down. It should be the top comment.	3
Yeah probably. But the thought of [NAME] and [NAME] installing democracies instead of authoritarian dictatorships is utter nonsense.	0
FYI this gif is a hit on [NAME] so yeah both sides think this is hilarious!	3
Thank you very much, I'm glad you found it easy to follow!	3
If you have to do side task you consider boring in order to power up and take on the main quest I'd consider that grinding.	3
[NAME] was such a disaster at OC, I really don't feel comfortable even implying he's in Schotty's league.	4
Would rather not waste 2 more years of Odell and Saquon's prime tanking for a QB 2 years from now. He will enjoy Tampa	3
You poor, hideous creature.	1
Love how they all claim no one pays any attention to the comments then acknowledge a comment section personality.	3
This is scary to know that you went through. People like this are one step away from coming home with a gun or knife.	2
and op is NOT self deprecating	0
I wonder if the paintings he did on Brooklyn 99 were actually his.	5
Wow. I have to say, I am relieved. Pretty incredible idea.	3
How does she hear everyones prayers?	5
Yup ,Russia is such a fine example for the world ,truly an beacon of hope ./s	3
It's racist.	0
Cute little jerk. How many times has that come out if my mouth!!	3
loved this one as a kid	3
Good for you bb. I wish you all kind of life gains	3
You might enjoy this	3
We saw them last year from Baker Beach. So many whales!	3
I take it they want to have sex with 🐇s.	3
It's a perfectly cromulent scene.	3
Grow up.	0
Ah sorry [NAME], I was going to join. But your desperate posts scared me away!	2
"What am I supposed to understand from the phrase ""1v1 fam, a duel""."	0
Hey, at least its not a fucking sauce post! We really need a new season.	0
He acted like such a jerk- why would you want to be friends with someone like that? I would never trust him again.	0
I'm well fond of foreign birds to be fair.	3
Excuse me who the hell is that?	0
Amazing, all three of those consoles are from different generations.	3
This is completely false.	0
I’m dreading when it happens during our games for the title	2
People tremble in fear of the name Rupple Poopels 😂	2
WHY THE FUCK IS WES ON THE FLOOR, HE CANT DEFEND SHIT	0
Aww [NAME] giving [NAME] a pat on the back that’s cute	3
This is so wholesome 😭😭😭	3
[NAME] I'd love it just to see grumpy writers complain.	3
Don't listen to them, we need to call this kind of stuff out.	0
That’s cheating, gotta make a decision	0
You can only fit so much in 20ish min show.	3
Thank you! :)	3
Oh well, okay, it worked!	3
Hardcore Henry.	3
It just so happened that PD, sick kids , and family emergencies all happened to overlap between all my coworkers leaving me all alone.	4
I do enjoy my lawn. 😁	3
YES to all of this!	3
In my day I had to wait 20 minutes for the internet to load a single porn pic. But man I miss that dial up sound	4
It scares me that left to right is also possible for anyone	2
Thanks, I think you're right.	3
[NAME] is often regarded as strategically the worst Lord in the series because of this. [NAME]	4
My mom just shared this on Facebook and I didn't even know what to say to her so I just immediately screenshotted it to share here	5
Yeah lol. 25% of women are sexually assaulted in [RELIGION] countries, maybe.	3
That was my favorite PS1 game.	3
I'll try and search there. Thanks. Edit: it looks like a bunch of vampire story weebs but whatever	3
Technology is amazing. Now we can SEE how new plagues start. Just incredible.	3
Funny coming from the party that is #1 in killing babies.	3
What is your favorite black and white tv show.	5
Don’t worry I did not disappoint your mother	3
Lmao at this point she’ll probably deliver Teddy/Owen’s baby.	3
i love that channel	3
He isn't as big, but he's still quite popular. I've heard the same thing about his content. Never watched him much.	3
My girlfriend ordered Chipotle. Have fun with that 15 mile drive bud.	3
NOT THE [NAME] ALBUM LMAOOOO	0
> DJT to realize I’m not sure this is even a thing that happens.	5
It's a song reference. The lyrics were awkward so one of my FB friends made a meme	1
Bitch subscribed to 1st look at [NAME] shitposts.	0
Minion #2: So should we warn [NAME], master? [NAME]: Ew no lol	3
The weird thing is you’re not even the first haha	3
You had a tough childhood :(	4
That hurt too much to watch twice.	4
Tell me when you find out how to bowser-wobble	5
Such a great movie that kinda gets overlooked.	3
Huhhhh wat the hell.. looks good	3
Don't know what more to say then. Your fridge full of beers that are all around 6% ABV says it all.	5
This sub needs more Poison memes.	3
Imagine being scared of a black bear	2
Get some help dude.	3
lol this is nothin. I go on reddit to hear myself be right	3
women just don't take initiative just give her one more opportunity after all as you said she flaked for legit shit	3
"[NAME] would love her!!! ""Do you forgive Daddy?"" "	3
Alright. Why is it possible for us to make fun of the almighty [NAME]?	5
Oh, that's horrible. My condolences.	4
The new movie doesnt even look very good honestly	4
Love her positions but I think she need to get some experience under her feet before she is ready for that level of a position.	3
Moms overreact. Is funking your junk really that bad?	5
You’re a gorgeous bride! :D I love the looks you chose	3
While we certainly have these people, we also have an election coming up which makes me suspicious of this group.	5
Washington had it so easy, until they signed [NAME] that stupid contract ...HAHAHHAHAHAHA	3
Dude don’t even trip. [NAME] is the shit. I also have a soft spot for [NAME] if you’re into her at all lol	0
Sage advice. Just noticed your reply now! Thank you.	3
Awful taste hmmmmm	1
I'm not surprised someone asked that. Good [NAME], people are stupid.	3
[NAME] THAT HURTS DON'T DO THAT	4
I can’t wait for this Narrative to stop. DLO has the best numbers just look.	3
I’m chuckling at you referring to it as a little ho.	3
The ND vs Georgia game in Athens will be a good one.	3
Woo hoo!	5
Nothing to worry about. 4 inches is fine. You will do well because you are a nice guy.	3
I hope he doesn't	3
Are you really that brain dead.....idiot!!!	0
Losing wars has consequences.	3
Yeah I don’t know where you live. Also smooth haha	5
Isn't that how [NAME] won in the first place?	5
Iirc congressional opposition was the main obstacle for closing gitmo. I could be misremembering but that's what I remember	4
[NAME] winning a ball would be...... surprising	5
Excellent find. Panels like these are a very deliberate writing choice.	3
Thanks, [NAME].	3
I feel bad for laughing at this now that the creator of Spongebob passed away a month ago.	4
That's hilarious, and a much better way to play doctor than some of the kids I've heard of! :)	3
Good thing you listened to your gut, ran, and made a lot of noise! Yikes! Glad you're ok.	3
Haha Not like this in my experience, but I guess it's different in USA	3
Haha! Do it.	3
Hah! You’re the best NERD!	3
I swear these people would try to sell shoes to someone without feet.	1
She threatened to hurt you, I would file a police report.	0
Even though [NAME] has had so many drawbacks and made some mistakes, let's make one thing clear: it's NOT a time to trade him.	5
Weird game lol	3
Yes, all the time when I can tell somebody is upset with me. Allistic peeps really refuse to communicate clearly it’s the worst!	4
[NAME] i’m so addicted to watching Narcos in bed. it’s so damn good	3
Someone who's done very little to earn your ire. Did I piss in your cornflakes?	0
Enjoyphoenix couple of products are different than Desi’s box but it’s still existing products.	5
I appreciate him entirely because of the segment he did for The Daily Show were he absolutely shit on anti war protesters in	3
If we're bullies, what does that make police who actually arrest people for rape and pedophilia? The final boss?	5
[NAME] for sure!.. just make sure you DO NOT get a new addidas one, get an old authentic one from the time frame he played	3
Every time. There’s a montage with this song in the movie Spring Breakers and it’s fantastic.	3
No, you're thinking of basilisk. A basterisk is a person born outside of wedlock.	0
I will take 10 more years of overpowered Tracer before I enjoy having Brig as a counter	3
I saw the one where he was successful, and wondered how many attempts it took.	5
The faces in that drawing are kinda horrifying	2
watch us play better without him	3
Sounds nicer than Missouri. Or missour-uh as the natives call it.	3
Videos. It’s basically a gif with sound. Pretty cool to see them in action	3
Finally a whole season and 3 jornadas too late.	4
Add to that the balance mess.	0
Is this game any good? I like the idea of a card game based on neckbeard culture.	5
I’m about to have a heart attack tonight	2
Your comment has been removed for shaming. Thanks [NAME]	3
There has to be some repercussions for this judge, right? Considering the crimes, that bail seems incredibly low...	0
Swordfish is my go to gun. Used my first unlock token it given how much I enjoyed it.	3
I like [NAME]..	3
It would be nice if he was at least a spirit. They have plenty more obscure anime characters as spirits already you know?	5
All we need is 1 more Trae three and the W and this’ll be a great night	3
gag me (notice the nearly matching wardrobe colors)	3
I love how a few words can turn a post from believable bragging to complete bullshit.	3
Lol ya mom	3
but think of how fun it would be!!	3
Those subs ... wtf	0
I'll always be a big fan of seabiscuit, doesn't require any explanation and its a classic	3
And I will laugh at everyone wasting their first round pick on him.	3
Cause she's being doing drag for the amount of my lifetime lol	3
Noted. Thanks for the suggestion!	3
Haha good point	3
Congratulations - you're truly a [NAME] now.	3
Ok but wouldnt that make me seem like a loser? Idek how to take good selfies or even where. Obviously not the bathroom right?	0
I don't like [NAME] this season but she's always been a favorite before. Am I the only one? She has an edge that seems unlikable	0
Loooool I didn’t know that it’s ridiculous	3
[NAME] don’t make up only 2% of the population though. Edit: I mis-read. I’m sorry. Please ignore this comment.	4
I had forgotten, now I changed it, thank you very much for warning me about that! so sorry 🙏	3
Go your own way, loser.	0
Absolutely... pretty ridiculous dt. I’m in [NAME]	3
Its [NAME]! Love that guy, classic example of a Solo Slooper who just tries rather than complains :)	3
That's the same thing 8 year olds use to try and get my items in video games. The guilt and shame strategy... Pathetic.	4
I haven't had class in three years and yet I've literally had this nightmare dozens of times.	2
Better late than never sadly I can see another label scooping him up	4
Thanks, I guess.	3
he is a very dangerous man	2
oh ok, i'll pass that on to him thanks :)	3
Same here. Around the same time frame. Ill report back if it changes for me and ask if you can do the same. Thank you	3
If you would do exactly as that kid did - then you will never get it. You’re defending a smug little asshole.	3
I don’t think anyone on this show has ever joined a sport for exercise. [NAME] is awesome!!!	3
OMG BARF wtf is wrong with people?!	0
[NAME] bless you, massive truck driver. Stay safe.	3
That’s a stud combo, that Baker jersey looks so sexy as a classic	3
Why doesn't he jerk it to porn like a normal person?	5
This brings a smile to my face	3
Thank you. Your suggestion is a better term. I don't think mine is a poor choice but yours is better.	3
See, this is what films lack nowadays, taking real risks with implications of [NAME] on Animal fart sex. Bravo [NAME]!	0
Let’s get some shoes!	3
Me too and you made me feel better because I thought I couldn't keep up due to being old lol.	3
Yes I agree	3
woman here, love it when my man gets mad. manly imo	3
Dude alcohol is literally poison and talking about tryna self medicate?	0
Well it was just an educated shot in the dark but glad to help 😊	3
I just can't get behind genocide. I hope you heal.	3
Like I said you are right about everything. don't call 911 ever they aren't showing up unless you have a credit card. good luck	3
Don't fucking disrespect the World's Largest Love Machine ever again	0
I'm watching it for the first time now. He's perfect for the role lol [NAME] is a god to me now	3
I can't believe he came in and 4 seasons in he managed to turn the team into this.	5
"Wish we hadn't already played them twice so we could hop in on this with something like ""Stanley Cup Parade Planners are here to battle"""	3
Tread carefully , my friend. So many red flags.	3
Haha. Yeah there is a vaccination now. When I was a kid my parents did the same thing. It hadn’t been developed yet.	3
Hey I’m at Ellsworth and Guadalupe! No snow 😕 probably while we sleep tonight 😐 Happy New Years neighbor!!	3
no taxes if you follow the strict scheme of a handgift. don't forget the thank you letter after.	3
>I just hope Lovejoy is back Phrases I'd never expect to hear for $600 [NAME]	3
Agreed, those who are waiting for their life-changing amounts to buy a home for their families just have to wait.. they are so selfish	3
It's bad enough when the Jocasta syndrome is one-sided. This is a pile of yikes.	0
Still as confused as the rest of ya myself.	5
Love that we have the same amount of playoff wins as them this year!	3
Man, she must really hate infertile women.	0
This is without a doubt the funniest thing I've ever seen	3
Pudge was great	3
I have multiple throwaways for the embarrassing or depressing things I need to get off my chest.	4
One of the reasons im not straight 😂😂	5
Yeah he is a giver not a taker	3
Don't worry, I'll sacrifice myself. Hey u/hellseashell, come over here. wants to call you a piece of shit.	3
Consoles can’t hit 120 fps in fortnite m8. You’d be lucky for like 90	0
Oh nice, that sounds convenient!	3
weirdly enough drug addicts are still human beings, shocking I know	5
Oh my lord I am so sorry. That is just despicable. Internet hugs.	4
i'm so poor i don't even know any horse girls	4
Stop it don’t tell the outsiders.	0
Ah ok, good to know thank you much!	3
At least a feed of diazies stops me shitting the bed over the idea of a man wearing a dress. Uppa fuckin erps!!!	0
had to google mesosphere. good job.	3
I have a bad feeling about this.	2
Fuck Up would be more appropriate. Fuckin marketing wankers.	0
One of the best in the series imo	3
Fuck you my fortnite k/d is better bitch	0
This is so sweet. Thank you for being an awesome parent !	3
Hyperthyroidism? Best get into a GP and get bloodwork done because many of these symptoms cannot be explained by mental illness.	5
Makeup is magic my friend!	3
Sadly, the military is archaic about non-conforming relationships. :/ I wish more of these decals existed.	3
My gf is a huge TSwift fan and loves Friends. R u tryna steal my girl pal	3
Yeah, 16 yearolds being attracted to other 16 yearolds sure is creepy...	1
No worries girl it happens hahaha	3
"Why do people think the ""tide pod challenge"" was a real thing and not just a meme?"	5
oh [NAME] what did i do	5
i hope she is dead now and can not hurt anyone else.	3
"I started a play about a man with tourettes and no fingers. Critics called it ""offensive and pointless""."	0
What a wonderful world you lot live in!	3
Yes please. What's that @ ?	3
I’m just glad that the academy is FINALLY progressive enough to nominate a mediocre [NAME] biopic directed by a pedophile.	3
Hot damn... we're going to Sea World!	3
I found her advice very insightful. Maybe it will be of use to	3
i was there in october and i was shocked at the amount of people on the interstate just casually browsing facebook while driving.	5
Really liked your law and dragon ones man. Good stuff.	3
that's so wholesome 💜	3
Thank you for the thorough reply! I definitely can’t say I’m not lucky for a long time after this.	3
Glad to see you guys are treating him well	3
Thanks for the feedback!	3
[NAME] this is pretty funny bit of info he just revealed I guess he showed up and they were like yeah u got final say deal with it	3
Kabhi Khushi kabhi gam? Slightly different but raichands were rich and mother was doing pooja.	3
Aquaria looks great but her eyebrows look like gummy worms lmao	3
Classic Trap game... I'm nervous. Hope our boys aren't hungover.	2
You are unfortunately far and few between.	4
Sorry, not sorry, but this seems wrong and extremely disrespectful.	0
Wow thank you so much for explaining all that to me! It sounds like you guys have a great system going on - very organized.	3
You didn't like the joke? I thought it was an instant classic.	3
Thank you for mentioning that!	3
"Best way to ship an item that is roughly 120"" x 8"" x 8"" and weighs 45 lbs? Thank you!!"	3
I would be like pay me than or I won’t do anything for you again!	0
would make a great drop for a drum n bass track	3
Ah if they went to school together that makes more sense. I wasn't aware of that.	5
For Citynews dot ca that is really sad.	4
I feel like [NAME] was impossibly bad enough to warrant memes about him. [NAME] is just bad, boring, and too invisible to really hate.	0
What are these other non stick options?	5
I love listening to their votes and stuff. It's always so rowdy I love it	3
Do You Realize, by The Flaming Lips. But it's not really ruined because we ended/still are on good terms. It just kinda makes my heart feel heavy.	4
Those things still haunt my dreams to this day.	2
Oh god no!!! I was gonna get some shipped out to save you some money. Never mind.	5
A sad amount of time was spent making this.	4
thanks <3 *hugs*	3
30 you illiterate fuck	0
I will admit,I did chuckle a bit	3
Old school runescape, make an Ironman. It changes the game and makes everything so much more meaningful and fun :) hardcore if you enjoy stress	3
At least it made for hilarious responses by people being aghast by the price.	3
Hope you feel the same way when his rookie deal is up	3
Do we know if he was actually an anarchist? Because I've heard almost any historic assassin described as an anarchist	5
I'm so happy for you !	3
How dare you make an attempt to be kind!	0
I hope [NAME] makes a full recovery.	3
Same here. I kept listening to the damn puns.	3
Great, petty revenge instead of making your GF happy by removing [NAME] from her life, nice job!	3
He’s just awesome. It’s refreshing in a celebrity	3
No, you're stupid. Pronoun confusion is a side effect.	5
Ducks just happy. Hadn’t had a shit for days	3
If your greed kills 2 people, it's worse than your murder killing 1. I don't know how this is hard for you to understand.	5
Me neither weeds is bad	3
My condolences.	4
Lol those stretch marks are from when I was obese...	3
I have never visited the NOLA, but I hear it has great blockparty and festival cultures (Mardis Gras being the main one)	3
I swear, this is the most brutal one of this year yet.	4
Thanks for contributing to the advertising	3
"I read that more as ""shut up, hypocrite"" than ""he's not that bad""."	5
> neoprene kayaking gloves Thanks will check them out!!	3
...and? 20 year olds aren't incapable of not being hypocritical shit-stirrers?	5
Makes it even better that a multi millionaire successful pro athlete is shitting on him [NAME] damn I love me some sweet twitter roasting	3
I’m sorry for your loss op	4
This feels *so* cringeworthily thirsty after [NAME] ridiculous meet & greets recently.	4
Can’t wait to lose this one!	3
[NAME] said Monday was Columbus Day and those two bought it. Unbelievable.	5
I wish I could hear Waves with earbuds/headphones for the first time again	3
Sounds like a great idea that your nephew is moving away from her. She’d be an absolutely toxic mother.	3
I don’t think that tells us any moralising lesson on the practice of incest.	0
[NAME] is my least favorite on the station.	0
were you bored or board?	5
Is this him?	5
So? [NAME] was and is a far higher rated player than [NAME] as much as I like him.	3
"""Sponge Blurb Pubs Quaw Haha GURR ha AAa!"" finale is too real"	3
Oh man, I forgot about eBay! I have some old textbooks I’ve been meaning to put on there too.	5
>both parties are dumb >stupid tribalism 🤔🤔🤔	0
Can't wait to move out of the city so I can get a gun. No gun city living sucks	3
[NAME] is the prettiest person on This Show	3
I would love a lineup of [NAME], [NAME] he can play [NAME]), and [NAME].	3
Children taken below decks by [NAME]. Get out now	0
I am here to tell you that it really will work out okay! I have certainly felt like you before. It sucks to feel lonely.	4
Because it would look worse than 2D art.	0
And now, I would imagine it's impossible to own a Maserati without people constantly asking you if it goes 185.	3
Well I got checked at the last Toulon game haha, so not the case.	3
The UK having disdain for Ireland or Irish people isn’t exactly new.	0
Love him as an Irish fan, but his range isn't far enough for NFL	3
It seems like someone felt personally attacked, lol.	3
It’s only the 3rd safest car ever tested, can’t take any chances!	3
Yeah, The Donald seems to spread its purging mentality to most right leaning subreddits. Reminds me, I should get banned from r/theDonald again for quoting [NAME]	0
I'd punt her to another planet if she said that about my dog. Wtf is wrong with people. 😠	0
I'm polish too. I love my family but I would never even consider trying to live there trying to be happy.	3
It was pretty heart breaking, then the council came out and said they weren't going to collect them. Made a lot of people mad.	4
Credit where credit is due.	5
Oh man, sorry to hear you’re feeling so alone. I’m feeling the same right now.	4
"simply reply ""no."" sometimes youve gotta be rude."	0
I hate people who have the blinders on when it is one of their friends	1
That's literally insane considering we're talking about [NAME] and [NAME].	0
Yeah, well your just jealous that you don't have a cunt like me.	4
Thank you [NAME] master	3
"""Kids stay by the ram it's not safe"""	3
Really rude move to do that in the rest room though.	0
And she would would enjoy wearing	3
This is the cutest thing I've ever seen.	3
I love this game but even I'm not spending money till some of the bugs are fixed	3
I've had all this... except for the last part.	4
How cute. He thinks corporations are people.	3
Yeah that does, actually. Most of this is news to me. Thanks for actually providing some articles	3
I want the same drug OP is into thanks!	3
WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?!?!?!	0
Nice hiss!	3
Nimmo? Never heard of the guy. Never seen that infectious smile and everyday hustle before. Of course the Mets know what they have.	5
Whoa I'm impressed he returned the pillow to its original spot. Awesome parenting.	3
He most likely saw you and just didn’t care. Sadly.	4
His head bounced on the hardwood. Damn.	4
Vancouver is even more ridiculous.	1
My DVR did the same thing as yours Damn them.	0
If this is the original Thai (I think) one then I would say it was a pretty good watch. Haven’t watched any other versions	3
You mean, their gender. And no, we really just do as much as cis person.	0
Gotta love [NAME].	3
> I was more making fun of your spelling of Northbridg whoops	3
Downvoted before I realized what sub I was on	0
this study is bull but only cos my waist is just 2 inches larger than my head and im still dumb as hell	0
I come to this sub to see cool things lol. For me it's a better version of /r/pics	3
Yes my mother is ok with it.	3
He only said that to piss [NAME] off because he wanted her to kill him and put him out of his misery. He’s a good guy.	3
Gets right back on his phone call. I like it. Must’ve been one important booty call.	3
Guys help I can’t stop playing it, my hands are in so much pain!	4
What a catch, that's how you win championship games there. Wow.	3
I take care of my kids!	3
From the South and can confirm that [NAME] is an idiot and should be saying brink.	0
You hang your head in shame. Not because of this, but just in general.	4
Am I dense or is that not funny either?	5
This is true, but he's perceived as white by most liberals.	3
There is always the risk of a team throwing him a stupid offer sheet. I still wish we would've thrown a max at [NAME].	3
Good tips!	3
Wow! There's no reason for this comment!	5
Resting up after a furious weekend of #MAGAboys hate. A xer has needs for xedz beauty rest	3
“WTF, He helped me? ...I’ll eat him last :)”	1
As long as [NAME] isn't suggesting [NAME] to the Lakers I'm ok with pretty much any Ringer rumor	3
I know. And it's very selfish of me to say, but I just wish it was different people that cared.	3
Is the Queen movie bad? That makes me sad. I'm still watch it anyway.	4
Idk if I want [NAME] back but I agree with [NAME] ONLY if he keeps playing at this level by the end of he season.	5
this is epic satire, too bad its close to much of what the right unironically believes	3
One need not spend much time in the justice system to understand that this remains very much a real possibility in 2019.	5
I wish I could believe in myself	3
Haha yeah, apparently their ringleader just got banned on Twitter.	3
Let's hope he doesn't change his mind.	3
According to them, it's perfectly acceptable to have intimacy with a woman and then ghost/block her number. Lol.	3
100% agreed. If wanting people to understand the meaning of my comment makes me a coward, then I don't wanna be fucking brave.	3
Whoops! My mistake	4
Oops, just kidding [NAME], got you.	3
I was so sad when they took SG1 off of Netflix. I guess it’s on Prime now? I need to rewatch that show.	4
Aww, look at you still wearing your hospital bracelets even.	3
Trust me, if its a person you have feelings for and she/ he just wants your body, thats really painful.	4
The only excuse for folding there pre is timing out. Ever. (I really hope that's what happened)	3
No I actually really like that I don’t have to pump my own gas.	3
The idea of that sucks!	0
This is the correct answer. I've seen more stupid memes about this show before I'd even seen it.	3
Keep trying! :) I’ve just had a look and enjoyed the ones of yours I read.	3
Hey fellow conservative, you seem concerned.	3
You're a good man, [NAME]	3
Wow the Doc on her was confusing me because so many other sports peak *after* college. Cool.	5
She might be hungry too since she didn’t lose her head ... feed that skinny thang	3
I didn't know there was a name for that.	5
The only thing better than winning for a Vikings fan is reveling in the losses of our enemies.	3
This would be boring as hell	0
thank [NAME] it was returned	3
Wouldn't it be great if [NAME] went down with charges?	5
Oh fuck off already.	0
He has been horrible in pull up situations but not horrible with catch and shoot this season.	0
Poor cat got his ass kicked by a crab, rope and broom.	4
It looks like Marvin the Martian's ship. I'm still geeked as hell though. Also glad they provided a space suit for scale.	3
THAT DOES IT!	3
You're simply suggesting betrayal in a different form.	0
Holy fuck that stop, good shit [NAME]	0
"I find it hard to say ""no"" to anyone, but I knew if I didn't, he would have done exactly what you said. "	3
This is a thing of beauty	3
U have the Balls to do this	3
There is an actual subreddit for cheating. It's disgusting.	1
You’re a good man. Stay blessed	3
sometimes i look up at the stars and i wonder if [NAME] is masterbating to our conversation somewhere out there	5
Someone on live chat of the reveal stream said how he actually got confused why they were show casing a Scarlet skin	5
I just got got and I like it	3
Unfortunately later died from eating tainted meat. [NAME] BBC documentary 'dynasties' followed the marsh pride, the lion episode was awesome	3
Guessing the bra sizes of anime characters after having stared at them for so long... That's... an interesting hobby.	3
love that, we need more women like you	3
if the game would stop crashing on my ps4 that would be great :c	3
I have never seen [NAME]?	5
^^ a better idea	3
There’s something I love about the idea of eating a cheap meal on fancy tableware	3
Always look before you jump.	3
I'm not having any thoughts that are safe for me to publicly type.	0
Surely you've read this sub's rules. Come on, man.	3
I was thinking the same and was relieved when I read peed on kitchen floor!	3
Why? im not familar with the situation. This is the best Nebraska team in decades from what i can see	5
what the fuck	0
Woah, cool!	5
Why have you linked a random wiki article? I don't understand your point? What are you trying to claim?	5
Yes, and you must be a loonbag.	3
I’m sorry there was trouble, but I’m glad it ended as okay as it did.	3
Thanks! Clearly I am new to reddit. Thx!	3
That's interesting I can definitely relate. I ask going to ask if people are cis too but I didn't wanna confound gender with sexuality	3
Enjoy spending yours oblivious and phony, slowly realizing as time progresses how very wrong you are.	5
There is a difference, because unless something had given them encouragement, they'd still be feeling negative about it.	0
i've never been baby crazy but goddamn if i'm not always craving an adorable puppy in my arms 😭😭	0
Our majestic space ship!	3
This is alright, but [NAME] deserves a higher rating	3
Definitely not. It would be so boring to have no chance year after year.	0
Wise words :) she is quite remarkable in so many ways. I guess that I will just see or won't see :D	3
Hugs hugs hugs. So many big hugs and good vibes. That's the only thing I know how to say right now.	3
Thank you for the kind words :)	3
He really would be. It's not even an abortion anymore!;It's just post-birth killing!	1
When you feel nervousness, tell yourself it's just excitement. Makes a world of difference. :)	3
I understand completely. People have no memory or understanding of the true horror of these diseases. I am truly glad you have decided to vaccinate. Blessings [NAME]	3
Don’t worry about the baby but yes worry about your mom...	3
>hasn't been any form of arrested development Well fuck	0
Sure but what are you basing that off of? If [NAME] is the best jump-ball receiver, wouldn't that make him the best red zone receiver?	5
amendments are allowed on monday to mays deal, i'd be amazed if no one kills her deal	5
Happy Birthday!	3
agree with the messaging but such a cringe video	3
You're the biggest sack of shit to post here in some time.	4
What's the song name?	5
I’m embarrassed how long it took for me to figure this out. 🤦🏼‍♀️	4
I'm most excited, honestly, for the new batches of eastern coral antivenom.	3
I really want to see the paw prints.	5
There's those people that compliment me all the time and you can tell it's so forced and fake and I honestly dont know what to say	0
I'll think about prime, just heard a lot of negative about them that spooks me some.	4
Have you been to the doctor to get checked out? Could be low thyroid.	5
Except... that's exactly what I was taught in [RELIGION] school. One god, theee aspects.	3
Sorry, didn't know where else to put it	4
I actually rooted for you guys that Seahawks game, but now I feel the true pain.	4
Yeah after an hour he started walking and eating. But for now he’s staying inside my home for the week	5
Thank you for this	3
This seems like a colossally unimportant thing to sign a petition over.	0
I love this sub reddit 😍😂	3
I understand that there are issues. However, if someone chose to stay away from Perth due to the violent behaviour then where would they go on holiday?	5
You shouldn't skip to any scene. This is a masterpiece from start to finish.	3
thats terrifying. how can people do that to their own citizens?	2
Stupid sexy squidward	0
Oh right. I can probably google it. I’m sure it’s in horrible taste, but I’m like dying to know now	5
Interesting. I’m not a troll.But if it makes you feel better...	3
Not a doctor but I don’t think so. Carbon monoxide displaces oxygen, but it doesn’t destroy lung tissue that i know of.	0
Thanks for this. I was about to relapse but am still going strong.	3
We’ve done this twice, we have four awesome trees from them. Awesome organization!	3
Literally nothing. Every single thing on my body is ugly. I'm not exaggerating or imagining things.	0
Came here to say exactly this. It's almost the same scene, as if he tried to recreate it	0
Last event went well, 40+ signups. Looking forward to some new faces this time. Special surprise for the winner!	5
That's gonna be a no from me dawg	0
This is the most scary [NAME] can ever be to me, cause it’s also the most real he could ever be 😂	2
Well it looks like I am going to spend at least a year renting to check the city out	5
They didn’t take it; you abandoned it. A TSA agent clarified that for me once. I hope you can replace it easily.	3
"i dont think theyre planning beyond ""screw over them liberal educators that are ruining our children with their sjw bullshit"" themed rants"	0
Part of being an adult is putting awkward on the back burner because some things are more important and need to be said.	3
Then you should probably get out more.	3
"Even worse: ""Share something interesting about yourself."" Suddenly I become the most boring person ever to exist."	5
In that case... Happy Amnesia Day!	3
I'm 58, my 40 year wife is 59, and my handfasted wife is 64. I'm so in love with both of them!	3
Would the state be effected by the federal shut down? I’m not sure how far reaching the shut down is.	5
Damn it, now that he's out of prison he's unqualified to work for the [NAME] administration.	4
Fucking Synths. -[NAME]	0
Sorry, yes they do. [NAME] is the worst QB mentioned in that list.	0
I HAVE EYE PROBLEMS NOW IM REALLY YELLING	4
I'm happy to hear all that.	3
Some people have no shame or sense of self-worth. It’s sad.	4
Clearly there is only one way to solve this dilemma; COMMUNISM!	3
[NAME]! Get a DAMN good lawyer! Glad you're okay.	0
I hope having family in high places will help me gain opportunities to liberate others.	3
Agree with most of above apart from TERA is no cash grab unlees you just want to fast forward a little with gear and it really is a little lol	3
Yeah I switched to maining NM in 6 as well and it was the exact wrong game to do that lol	3
We're in it... and now [NAME] is going to the bench? Gotta good feeling!	3
Heart breaking* sorry haha	4
Well I get annoyed when they dont, because I'm always the one to answer within 30 seconds.	0
This is a genuinely good point. It’s enough to take me from giving zero shits to giving a modest shit against them.	3
Lol I’m just fucking around I can wait	0
Recently swapped my sanwa out back for a hori with a heavy spring . it feels really good	3
I love the 90s for all the same reasons. It was so comfy and effortless! And yes!!! All evidence can remain hidden!!!	3
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **2nd Cakeday** rebel_alliance05! ^(hug)	3
0 <----- This is how many people were surprised	5
The fried baloney is amazing.	3
Wife of a lawyer. This is correct	3
Every one hates him so your just bragging you hate him too to be cool . Its not a confession unless u say something u regret	0
What’s the most amount of goals that have been scored total between both teams at the rock?	5
Yes - thanks for this. Have just finally contacted a counsellor after talking about it for years.	3
Will add to Plano's directory when I make it. Thanks!	3
[NAME] has been playing pretty nice since he's been freed from dnps	3
Because of reading comprehension fails? Maybe we should all be reading more. :)	5
oh thank you! im relatively new-ish and did not know that	3
I am so excited for tonight's episode! It's barely even started *_*	3
Lol, some guntards stepped out of the echo chamber and sounded completely unhinged.	3
I like Sao very much, bit not because of the game setting, for other reasons. The game itself sucks, tbh.	3
It's alright. This is just an unpleasant memory now. Kind of rude of your brother though!	3
Bless your dog!	3
I've done that in the past. It means he's stupid drunk and is missing you at the moment.	0
Why are you assuming the guy will be locked up? What terrorists have we released from prison?	5
Who cares? I like fat people's opinions there.	5
"The movie with crispy Lord [NAME]. ""Good Evening, [NAME]."""	3
This guys still alive?	5
"Love him! ""Thank You God"" is one of my favorites of his."	3
Damn this kid and her fancy clothes makes me feel like a bad parent.	0
Fantastic read, thanks for the insights!	3
I can safely and honestly attest that I have had *nothing* to do with any disappearances of any sort. ~~[NAME] has already touched the reply button.~~	3
This is a solid list, and I will totally allow Scream to count. Surprised to see 10 Things below She's All That tho.	5
The kidd series is by far my favorite. Much more lighthearted than the prey books.	3
Hahaha how old are your sons? They're mixin' batches with your body wash hahaha	3
Too cute for me. Why cant i have a boyfriend *[NAME]*	3
It took me a moment but it was unexpected and got a laugh	3
I wish your mom had used the stick on his mom and explained that she has to be allowed to do it because otherwise she'd cry.	3
THANK YOU [NAME]	3
Very true. Having a 3rd pair of [NAME] and [NAME] has been solid	3
its becoming increasingly concerning that you refer to yourself in the plural.	3
Do you have anything special you say to yourself to help facilitate that? I think I might need a snappy mantra to remind myself to chill out.	5
Make the fro bigger, and it will be a perfect master piece. Rating 9.9 out of 10	3
Dudes never show any interest in me irl so I was just thinking about getting a Tinder. Seems like people have much lower standards on there so fuck it	4
I feel you, names are the worst.	1
I was gonna report for hate but then I realized...	5
That looks so awesome	3
While you were listening to [NAME] he was idolizing [NAME].	3
Thats true. Those kinds of drinks can give you a heart attack.	3
that is not true. I often shoot the rifle round the blast 2 shots from the double barrel. Unless it got changed recently.	0
I hope this doesn't means we won't get to see [NAME] as playable god.	3
Yay! Smug buddies!	3
i love his face for that split second after he is hit	3
Da’ts a beauty. Got sniped at auction with seconds left to lose [NAME] from this summer.	3
the game certainly feels unfinished, at least on PC. some horrible mouse controls, using a controller is almost necessary.	0
I kill him before he kills me during the date	0
Love the flower, and hope you feel better!	3
You should probably use that time to make a decent argument not the other thread then, I'm just going to leave you here .	3
6% of [NAME] is [NAME] so it wouldn't be a shock if he was of this community.	3
Don't even bother with him lol. He's a mindless sexist, doesn't believe facts at all lmao	3
Oh jeez, just took back my upvote I gave this photo. Thanks for telling us, that's extremely messed up	3
I’ve missed my sweet prince	3
Why should I care what he thinks?	0
He's not an ugly guy, but 8 is too high. He's between 5-6.	3
Far from it. Name me one player that's ever left NY that we wanted to retain. I'll wait.	3
What about the hipster couple? Were you able to get their lawn on track?	5
She seems like the quality girl I'd like to marry and introduce to my parents	3
When she gives you the 10 minute hangry warning	0
I feel like I lost focus... I have not accomplished anything and the clock isn't really stopping	4
Score is currently 12-12 when 25:th round begins and [NAME] has 35-10 stats. Insane.	0
That ESPN intro made me emotional 😭	4
Yep I'd sub baking powder for the oil. You want them dry	5
I know. Idk what to say after they say they already have one. I say oh good! And then it's awkward	4
"If you have to ask ""how to know if I'm ready for psychedelics"" then you are clearly not ready."	0
I’m laughing so I don’t cry	3
Maybe try a flashlight next to her bed, so she can turn it on and look around if she gets scared?	5
Satire satire satire satire Please O lod almight plez be satire	3
[NAME] is a pretry big role to fill. I hope you do well!	3
I appreciate your honesty.	3
X+n is an even worse option for class caps, so you have pointed out that an old broken system is now more broken. Thanks.	3
For sure. I am infatuated with sharks, and much of that obsession comes from absolute fear haha.	3
This is great!	3
Oh, their theme gives me anxiety.	2
Didn't even notice until you *pointed* it out. I had a bit of a giggle.	5
Female INTP and i concur! Especially the kids bit! And the Adorkable!	3
The weapon wasn’t made until 1918-1919 so hopefully this will never be real	3
Shrug. Cant blame anyone other than your parents.	0
For real! So happy they just put season 2 on hulu	3
We love you!!!!! And we would love if you still made them	3
I hope there's a 3rd jump ball.	3
I used this one just last night. Worked like a charm	3
Lol, that slomo	3
Keep up the good work	3
Well thanks. Digital currency is one thing I personally havent gotten into yet.	3
Who specifically are we gonna sue? The industry! Lol	3
Crack whores are hooking in broad daylight now, eh?	5
Sorry if Im slow here but what does Milan or [NAME] have to do with this? Hes going to Inter or Arsenal,no?	4
Hey, Is this in Portugal? I recognize the francesinha sauce. (greetings from Porto)	5
Guns go off accidentally all the time. Don’t point them at someone unless you plan to kill them.	3
Im almost done with season 7 now. This show ans the office were probably my two all time favorite shows.	3
That's interesting, considering that the other area is Mt. Tremblant, which is a real area of Quèbec.	3
Oh noooo. I once accidentally rubbed my eye after handling habaneros. It's the worst.	1
I once got flowers from a girl... idk why but it just feels good	3
I miss it but it was op	4
You're so right. I'll remove my arms post haste.	5
"I feel like Canadian Tire only exists still because ""I guess I'll go to Canadian Tire, they'll have it"""	3
Thank you so much for sharing this... really opened my mind.	3
Not to assume things here but why would you gas yourself over [NAME], kid is a fucking monster	0
This interview has so much gold in it. The Wreck it Ralph bit is my favourite.	3
See the other one has advertising that hides the fucking stupid [NAME] that's the difference!	0
He is just awful enough to do something like that.	1
[NAME] would be an exciting guy to bring here. I think he'd at some help at RB, especially if [NAME] ain't interested	3
Time for a courageous conversation!	3
[NAME] at least has a pretty face and great skin. [NAME] looks like a cabbage patch kid.	3
The design was interesting. But it had a lot of flaws	3
Fuck. That.	0
I don't know who the hell that is, but I will gladly upvote your post because it's not a stupid driving rant.	5
[NAME] gave me depression because had I been left unchecked I would have bested him in hand to hand combat by age 16	4
I woke up drunk and mouthy	1
I never said anything about a crowded city. Immigration is not causing rural (or even suburban) areas to turn into crowded cities.	3
Pharmacy residencies started that in 2017 and honestly it makes the process so much better for both candidates and applicants.	3
Your parents must have adopted.	3
I wish, have to wait 3 weeks	3
The history of horrible things the federal government has done is well documented. The same way the federal government does it, with income taxes.	2
I still love Asian women. They will always be number 1 for me (exlcuding [NAME] of course)	3
Like whoever you want to like but don’t treat people poorly based on superficial factors is ultimately the best advice	3
Hahahahaha I love this idea. I’m totally doing this!	3
haha they definitely test for patience... looking at you gov.uk, and the whole of hmrc if I'm honest.	3
And then get frustrated when they realize the internet isn't censored and then call for censorship.	0
ha, hardly. maybe the biggest city. Russia is fucking huge.	3
I could see that nobody wants to be called ignorant. I also learned about the fallacy from [NAME].	3
Yep! And the buns seemed so much fresher then. Last time I went, years ago, it was terribly disappointing.	4
I love it when drama comes home to roost	3
Fair enough. Thanks for the input.	3
I may be mistaken but I believe it’s illegal to fly over the north and south poles for any aviator	3
> The makeup is very technically sound You have a point. I can hear it from here.	3
[NAME], stop being [NAME].	0
I'm going to blow your fucking mind. I dip my Hawaiian pizza in ranch. Booooooooom.	3
Damn I've only seen kittens snuggle like that that's adorable	3
So you spectate all the people that kill you? Stop talking bullshit.	0
Just gonna say it. Bahahahahahaha	3
I wish they let him do the quatrains once a week during the NFL season.	3
I’m afraid I just blue myself	2
happy cake day.	3
That is disgusting. No one should act like that to you. I'm so sorry that happened.	1
I rate [NAME] highly, so this is good news.	3
Agreed, probs an older brother. Source: am an older brother	3
Haha...what kind of fan base would do that?	3
Shaming. Lol	3
In that I should not have posted it or it's just really blatant	5
No Deal has a decent chance of leading to Scotland and NI leaving and thus the end of the United Kingdom	0
It was an honor just to be nominated. Being a runner-up is a dream come true ( I keep my dreams realistic and attainable).	3
She has an amazing voice	3
ITS A GOOD BOI!!	3
Eh. I say it's accurate.	3
My bad I just realized it, I’m 31M and she’s 31F	4
What law did they break? This is just another example abusing a system for profit without the necessary laws in place to protect people.	5
:( disappointed, i expected to give out personal therapy cats.	4
I wanted to romance [NAME] more than I've wanted to romance more than any other character in the series. Such an awesome dude	3
Great talent, this. No ysts reaction, but I still appreciate it.	3
He was a good dude.	3
Omg at this rate he's gonna be in the next smash bros	5
I did this once with a chimichanga. I was 11 and I cried	5
How is this a racism?	5
I use to play with colored pencils as a child, I also use to play with chapsticks and lipsticks too! They are very entertaining!	3
That's a better love story than Twilight!	3
Yeah, I'm like I'll get on and play some Magic Arena, but every time I'm like this game is terrible AF.	5
I wonder if we need to find a way, as a people, to not be so dependent on the government.	5
Do you want help with the big words ?	5
Banks! I knew it!	3
Nah it's just weird that they wouldn't try diazepam first since it's so often used.	0
Slovenia is awake and ready for some Mavs magic!	3
I actually enjoy doing this on my own. Am I weird?	3
I think this would be common amongst musicians. I wonder if it's related to this discovery regarding muscle memory or if it's something else?	5
My comment provided shame. I am nothing.	4
Your actions mean your gf is still being bullied. Nice move	3
u fucked up	0
[NAME] bless [NAME]!	3
That's a pretty bad example ngl lol	0
I hate it when mom and dad fight.	4
That's why I don't open Instagram that much	0
That rain bit was hilarious.	3
Increase in robberies on pot shops. I really hope not though.	3
What a greedy person. 8 years jail and hopefully disgraced out of his profession.	3
Prayers for Dipo you guys. Just had a gruesome injury	3
I wish to die with my will and spirit intact!	3
Hard agree it’s sooo creepy. I hope she’s ok that man had serial killer written all over him.	3
oh [NAME] this is horrible	1
Awesome footage. The one child signing to look into his eyes looks as though he is jaundiced. His eyes are quite green yellow colour.	3
Omg her fake laugh there. I cringe.	0
O.o love it 👌	3
The last book feels like a dream. It's ridiculously bad, imo	0
I suggest going to the food carts. Buy some legal weed. Enjoy the bars. Go to Washington Park.	3
Wouldn't have it any other way. Fuck my DNA. Fuck nucleotides.	0
I hope barely anyone watches it, it's so aggressive, full of cringe and makes him look childish	0
Thanks all. It was a league game in our local bar. The dealer rotates on each hand. Lesson learned from me.	3
Is that what it's called now?	5
Nah u mad lol	3
I would love to hang out with him & listen to his stories	3
Oh, I would refuse to do anything really nasty, with profanity or violence.	0
I’ve gone through it before, and it sucks. I’m still a little hazy and withdrawn.	0
[NAME] is having a visible affect on his game and I love it. I think we are witnessing the development of a future star.	3
Apologies but what movie is this from?	5
162 Again, for the 7th straight year. Like usual lol	3
And they wonder why they don't seem trustworthy. Maybe someone should tweet about it and they'd notice.	5
You gotta block the name out, sweets.	4
It's uncanny	5
True. But that is one out of many.	3
Turgeon offense at it's finest. The ball never gets past the three point line and [NAME] just hits a three in someone's face.	3
Good luck! The life ahead of you holds 1000% more promise than the one you are leaving behind. They caused this ... not you.	3
Fair enough haha	3
Yeah I meant it has a cork in it. Sorry for the confusion haha	3
oh, he was in the bathroom, they forgot to count him	5
Ok thank you	3
all the more reason to not give a fuck about CFF	0
What a political whore Uncle [NAME] is!	0
I hate having to take my shoes off!	0
Out of curiosity, what do you see in Verdugo that gets you to legendary?	5
Look at the size of those shorts!	5
This is the single dumbest defense out there for aim assist. This shit is just retarded.	0
I'd be extremely shocked if we don't get [NAME]. As for [NAME], I don't know much about him	5
Hell yes!	3
I wish I could come up with a bad cat joke in response to that.	3
"I just want to note that ""Live Photo"" is something how I'd expect [NAME] describe a video."	3
I know the feeling, but you’re not disgusting. Happy new year!	3
I’m stuck at work tonight so I missed it 😢😢	4
When I was her age I had 3 jobs... oh you have like 18... get off my lawn!	0
are you speaking from experience?	5
I always hope that a woman will ask me out...next time it happens will be the first.	3
It's understandable to be in so much pain and agony after losing a child. If I may ask, was this your first baby?	5
Wish you the best of luck and greener pastures!	3
I don’t see anything awful on her. She’s old. That’s it.	0
Lol valid question, but yes. We've been using the bf and gf terminology for about 5 months.	3
So excited!! Probably gonna be my new main ⚔️🛡	3
Oh! That explains why your teeth look like they’re covered by something haha	3
That's a pretty cat. It would be nice if it could go to Rocky Mountain Feline Rescue, as they are no-kill.	3
when was the last time our PP was good	5
That explains it, I rarely report people anymore This Khajit informs the other Khajit that it is welcome	3
Would love to share this on twitt and FB ...	3
[NAME] had a great idea about this problem actually	3
The part that shocks me is that they allowed him to wear shorts in regular class.	5
He wasn’t just a good boye He was the bestest	3
JACKPOT!!!	3
Big thanks to OP for that magnificent wall. I guess that we can reopen the government now.	3
"I love when that happens. I call it ""butt cuddles"" and we do it all the time lol!"	3
its pretty wholesome tho	3
And what’s your thoughts on that specific scenario? Now I’m curious.	5
Lol you got us there hahahahahaha way cheaper too	3
Your wife is very lucky to have you. I hope my WS feels like this one day. I pray for it every night.	3
My friend is watching Grey's for the first time and she also got to this episode late last week. Weird.	5
Typo...RBG lol	3
It does IMO, I like being proud of India and I can not be proud if [NAME] wins.	3
Yawning at the insults to me, not the Woman	0
> But you will probably find you are noticeably worse looking at 40 than you are at 27. Well that's disappointing.	4
Is that why you stayed so long? :P	5
I live in Baltimore and heard she will have an office out of here. Any details on how I can volunteer for her campaign?	5
I feel like that’s not the best spot for a beach	0
Why do you want it to be the world's leader and savior, outta broken and needs some alone time.	5
I waited 15 days for this joke, I'm so proud of this community.	3
"I love you guys but.....""existence"""	3
I love the thumbnail dude, but I’m already Soldier	3
Yeah, my schedule has been brutal for the past 2-3 years. This year it has become my objective to get more involved to get-in with more parents.	3
I mean I guess your prostate is healthy right?	5
didn’t know [NAME] was still alive	5
Yeah some kid in a BMW ran me off the road. I didnt just crash had some help.	2
The [NAME] of horror!	2
It isn’t that bad :/	3
There was nothing innovating lol. It was good but chill	3
Great job! Hats off to you.	3
Must not have been the [NAME] of his day... But seriously though i hope he's alright..	3
It's likely that they don't have much, yet still make poor financial decisions.	4
"Weird how ive been ""attempted"" the same scam twice and im just a nobody.. Probably more or less amatur x'D"	4
Ah, didn’t know that but can’t blame him. Thanks!	3
If they rig the DNC once, they can do it again.	3
I think some idiotic members are extremist, but for the most part they just hate mass unchecked immigration.	0
[NAME] looked great!	3
This is something that's not brought up enough.	5
Rule number 1: never dye your hair while drunk haha	3
It's unrelated to the post yet I'm laughing out loud	3
The Citadel has given us much to be thankful for.	3
[NAME] is such a pretty lady. I'm jealous of those huge eyes!	3
Oh that's actually really interesting. So IQ of the general population would be a bell curve by definition?	5
This is really great!!	3
I love rational comments.	3
Lol! Too funny. Mine are depressed, they gave up. :(	3
Wow, again? You deleted and reposted it after I called you out not even 5 minutes ago! #desperate	5
Oh nice!	3
There are too many depressing headlines on the news. This story made me laugh.	3
Nicely framed.	3
Implying there was a shootout in the restaurant? I wouldn’t feel safe at all if I were caught in crossfire	5
That's so sweet, you have good friends. How old did you turn that birthday?	3
We were playing bots for 30 mins... Not fun but i am happy i finally did it	3
that was clearly only one pump, bad call	4
He already has 2 fouls	3
will do, thanks	3
Love this!!!	3
I believe if he did (and she didn’t) then he SHOULD be in even more trouble. They can easily fact check that.	3
Is it bad that I would actually probably buy that? Those come in handy for defrosting windows.	5
This is the game that finally lost my faith.	4
If you're more concerned about a potential person than an actual person, you should get out of medicine. You aren't qualified.	0
Looks weirdly fake Edit: turns out it’s real	5
I like that that guy didn't make a snarky remark in 2015 because he was upset that another MP was sitting in his usual seat.	3
Need some new prog material, I'm stoked to listen to it!	3
My faith in humanity is restored. Your good deed has been noted on the Big Board of Doing Nice Things.	3
You can't freely make a decision when your opinions are a shitty contract or life on the streets. That is not freedom.	0
The fact that this statement got downvoted shows how worthless some people on here are.	1
Because I want to be with someone but no one wants to be with me.	4
The famous tank man. We know close to nothing about him. So I rather preferred to think he is living his life peacefully.	3
"They had been chanting ""we want tacos!"" Lol"	3
Thanks for the advice man ! Have a great New Year’s Eve	3
Why is it dumb? It's not like once people get married they believe in a society that looks down on premarital sex. Maybe you missed my point.	5
I feel your pain...	4
Can't believe this game actually released in the state it's in complete joke , should be criminal	0
oh my [NAME] is this real	5
You're in for a treat- enjoy :)	3
unplanned pregnancy != rape Not commenting on the beings involved in the story up above, but seriously those two things are not equivalent	0
lol, thank u. i might just not be the smartest, always possible	3
> The parents don’t parent anymore. I am sure this fact is well referenced in [NAME] new curriculum.	3
Wait so you can get an acre of rainforest for $35? I mean, it would be way cheaper at that volume but still that's real cheap	5
You his SO?	5
I'd be able to give you more helpful advice if you could be a little more clear with your situation and what you're asking.	3
[NAME] is legit! Loving this move.	3
This is a long shot here, but do you think we could eventually edit genes to produce longer life spans? Or maybe to stay younger for awhile?	5
This makes so much sense. Seems she has been icing me. Time to call it quits	5
Such a hilarious way to put it, and omg yup.	3
No they don't.	0
cross post to /r/palestine they will love this	3
That sounds terrible, man. Have you been to a doctor yet?	3
Very very sweet!! Tell us how it goes!	3
so nice i had to put her twice	3
Thank you!	3
Yeah lets hope so, i hear the IRA is very forgiving of rich folk.	3
Woodfield Mall is pretty good still.	3
I recommend here a kind of jazz bar that enjoy a meal and drink. Famous place in seoul	3
I probably should have seen that... I watched it without sound, and just thought the guy was drunk..	5
I like how his actual clone comes running up to him to congratulate him on that recovery	3
*Well well well, if it isn’t [NAME] the platypus. Totally unexpected, and by unexpected in mean TOTALLY EXPECTED!!*	5
As a fellow shuffle/jamskater this makes me really happy lol.	3
Spending my first day ever in Europe. In Oslo, with an amazing girl I met visiting Texas from Norway about a year ago.	3
Lucky, when I did it my nickname ended up being [NAME]	3
That was what our media guys said but he is now 1/3 in the shootout (was 1/2). No clue how they butchered that one so badly.	5
And I laughed	3
yep i don't know how are aren't up	5
Great thanks! Just wanted to be prepared in case of OT or something	3
The TV anime series is, at least, atrociously bad and stupid. Is full of deus ex and silly cliffhangers.	4
But you clearly agree with most or some of his ideas, do you not?	5
hey uhhhh I love you	3
Wow, how did a kid manage to eat a whole watermelon over the space of 47 hours!	5
Looks gorgeous on u 😍😍	3
While this makes me happy to know, it would probably be for the best if we didn't post these things where abusers can find out about them.	3
Cheers!!	3
My tongue is still a little scorched lol. But totally worth it	3
[NAME] was the [NAME] of the [NAME] years. Didn't realise he was still about.	5
This honestly explains so much. Thanks for some insight into myself lol	3
Fuck you, tincan. *reads username* Wait ignore the tin can part, fuck *specifically you* in general.	0
Your comments are nothing but rhetorical ways of telling me I'm wrong. Zero substance.	0
wow i watch the video fews time and I'm still amazed	3
What are the sequels called? Loved Infernal Affairs	3
This is painful	4
You'd think people who have this high an opinion of themselves would be more open to taking advice on how to beat certain matchups. Enjoy being a scrub.	3
Thank you! I’ll give it a listen tonight😊	3
Lol, nice try.	3
No more like he took away their talking point about paying federal workers. Lol salty downvote	3
Thank you that’s sweet of you (:	3
Can I do this just by calling my provider? I didn’t know that I could do that	5
What’s all this [NAME] business? Edit: Thanks for the info below everyone 😇	5
I have a shirt with a picture that is very similar to this	5
Don't be so stupid. Terrorism is inherently political, religion is just one of the tools used to carry it out.	0
this is great TV. I want to see her do this on Legends	3
Or the long con. My Dad guilted me into taking care of my Grandmother for her.	0
Ugh yeah it’s really tiring. I’m in a public place right now and just had like, 3 mood swings.	0
WHAT THE FUCK	0
Shared misery *always* makes me feel better :D	3
I like were ur head is.	3
Man, and I thought the princess and the toad was an odd story	1
Interesting. Are there any studies that show that it’s not natural for humans?	5
Yeah it’s not a fatal error, hopefully [NAME] and [NAME] can stay healthy next year and hit that milestone or at least flirt close to it.	3
“We only let him jump around for 12 hours a day!” Wow. I’m so sorry this is happening to you.	4
😭I appreciate the feedback <3	3
That's what I say, but the commercial is clearly pandering.	3
Awe! That sucks!	0
OK name it. It will help. As for as merc is concerned, no worries reached tier one already	3
When asked about my hopes for the Wild, i always (half) jokingly say, “i hope my grandkids can see them raise their first Cup”	3
We, the fans, are the losers here.	4
Damn dude, can’t believe I never considered this possibility.	5
Thanks bro!	3
I think we'll find out how apt this comparison is within the next few years.	3
Yep. First Monday of 2019.	3
This is gatekeeping at it's worst People can be heartless Idiots it's amazing	3
I feel like this should be a copypasta... It's correct and I want the message to be spread...Can we make this a thing lol	3
The real bad beat.	4
[NAME] these are hideous	1
"*Bride walks by* B: ""You ruined my wedding [NAME], great to see you!"""	0
women dont seem to think so.	0
Thank you for the advice!	3
Do you have proof for what you said scientifically and mathematically ?	5
This is amazing.	3
I’ve just said that both biology and social norms play a part? How is that me saying that there are no biological differences?	5
Someone on r/nba said [NAME] was borderline elite defensively...lol	3
Death treats are for immature people, I'm sorry you received them. Comparing you to flat earthers is not far off though.	4
Non-stop fun.	3
I was just quoting the president (through his press secretary) to be honest.	3
could you live upstate? Maybe take the truck home with you and live close to the pick up terminal?	5
[NAME], I had. It *was* a repressed memory, thanks.	3
Don't forget the awkward tomboys.	1
This was posted at the exact same time as another guy posted it on here, and that scares me.	2
I don't understand our immigration restrictions. It's not like we don't have room up here	0
28 weeks!!?! modern medicine is AMAZING!	3
I am starting to get very concerned with [NAME] and [NAME]	3
Once a week. It was a semi expensive seafood place, but it also had a poppin sports bar/happy hour vibe. An interesting place for sure	3
Thank you very much. I try my best to follow my steps from therapy, but it seems to be my biggest hurdle.	3
You’re the meme this sub jokes about.	3
[NAME] you sound like my father, I feel sorry for you	4
Interesting, I haven't actually heard of an app that does that. Makes no sense to me, even with serious memory issues.	3
Nobody is shaming them for trying to stop article 13. Youtube is being shamed for being hypocrites.	4
I love bloodborne, I started my second play through but quit after I got busy with school stuff.. need to go back to it though.. love that game	3
Man that dude seems to be having a blast at the character select screen. I'm so hyped, where do I sign up?	5
I have an honest question for you sir. Wouldn't a person who went through that hell be more humble and understanding than someone who didn't?	5
April 2018– so this sub is now all about finding the outrage needles in the haystack, eh?	5
Yea idk what to tell ya man sorry. Not sure why it’s doing that	4
WHAT?! You dare insult the band of gods?! Typical teen, I hate my own generation! *screams in 16 year old*	0
Beer bottles and his ex's old stuff. Because if country music has taught me anything its that all that exists is a gun, alchohol and some girl you lost.	5
I am so terribly sorry you lost your dad to this horrendous disease. Judging by this photo, he had a terrific smile.	4
I love CoD4	3
Omg wow, this is great. Thank you so much!	3
Depay being a flop at United comes to mind, so good now.	3
Some rambling paragraphs about what a waste I am and how sorry I am to be a disappointment to those around me and that sort.	4
You seem horrible	2
you are pathetic.	4
His sentences don’t contradict. You just have poor comprehension.	0
They know a lot of people aren't paying attention to the quieter news that doesn't get sensationalized	3
"I stoped telling story because ''[NAME]""*. Drawing makes me look intensely people to measure their ratio and understand their shapes. That's my new fun"	3
Yeah, I was very sad to read that!	4
I feel shot in the heart.	4
Yeah, I read that the first time. Nobody is forcing you, other than yourself.	3
So I heard. How is she, haven't seen her in a while.	5
I am extremely excited to read this.	3
What a great shitpost. How did he even come up with this	3
Sounds like your location overall sucks. Have you ever thought about getting a work visa elsewhere with a more accepting attitude?	3
I went to high school with [NAME], never would have thought he’d be an isles fan lol	3
I know from personal experience that that can be the end of any good relationship.	3
Why can't I get Hulu in Canada yet!! So annoying	0
Yup, I'm sick with a mild cold	3
I was responding to the title of the post (not the article). Did you call OP racist? I’m guessing not.	5
But OP said her life is ruined because 'muricans are bad.	1
It's better with sound, when I first watched it I cried laughing for 10 mins	3
yeah it was awesome!	3
I honestly couldn't care less if we lose or not. I'm over the moon about [NAME] and nothing could make me unhappy	4
creepy, the only way to make it more creepy is to leave it on her bed stand table to find it in the morning.	1
No mercy, if there is any man left inside you than walk out now.	3
Guys who work on aircraft usually have hard time hearing. Its unavoidable.	4
He said he says it on his own but I don't want him to say it at all. I feel like their bio mom hates me	0
Wow, you must have no idea what medium of exchange means.	5
Will you PM me too? I've been looking for a birthday present and I'd like to take a look at what you've got!	3
Play stupid games stamkos, win stupid prizes	0
My money is on [NAME]. Doubt [NAME] is back up next yr. [NAME] looked.good last preseason. I was surprised he didn't beat [NAME] then.	5
that was a horrible fix	2
And the players who are older than me are retiring and it looks like I might never play professional baseball.	4
That beat slaps. Good memories	3
Women don't have penises so cannot rape by the legal definition of the word. They can sexually assault however.	0
If you want to know what kind of people her parents are you can google her. He name is [NAME]	5
My god, [NAME]!	5
I read it as him taking her virginity. Raping her...unless it was consensual and she WANTED to lose it.	1
I joined DbD right after [NAME] release, but man I wish I had the splinters	3
What? The claim is 2018 best shooters. Not overall best shooters	5
I thought I was the only woman who felt this way. I'm glad I'm not alone.	3
"Look, its a great study, but youve said ""Women arent as disadvantaged"" on the internet. Rip your karma."	3
HE CAME OUT A WINNER. LOOK AT ALL DAT MONEY FOR DA HOOD. 7-0 WHEN IT COMES TO OP	3
He’s one of those players that you would love if he was on your team, but hate if you have to play against him.	3
So what’s the upside. Toner makes the elastic in your skin tougher? Serum for vitamin C does what? Thanks for sharing.	3
I refuse to read him any more. Just another [RELIGION] man getting a slap on the hand & a cover up job.	0
A video that makes me happy	3
[NAME] bless you	3
Feeling good in the gayborhood.	3
"lol me too. _""Go on in you scraggly old bastard!""_"	3
I have endured worse.	4
Fuck you, that's how	0
Print outs?!?!?! You tree killing monster!!!!	0
How though? I srsly don't get it. Seems pretty racist to me.	5
I would think that would be pretty awkward having phone sex with a stranger	4
now blake's threes decide to drop lol it be like that sometimes	3
#Garbage site for assholes	0
This is awesome! I want the same interaction for [NAME] & [NAME] and [NAME] & [NAME]!	3
Happy cakeday 🎂	3
the negative connotation of eugenics is allowing dysgenics which is a far worse fate for humanity	4
This made me sad	4
That live snail got me freaked	2
Then they'll have to get a ticket with a code of it from the counter person.	3
That is so beautiful. It makes my heart hurt that humans can be cruel to animals when they're aware of having so much emotion.	4
Ha ha good one	3
Cool, thanks man	3
I love that sometimes I don’t know what he says but like I vibe wit it instead	3
He sexually assaulted you. Notify the police and the staff!	3
My mom and I do the same exact thing. I hate it.	0
Really funny how our FO liked the 2 of the worst qbs. [NAME] and [NAME] That’s why I’m skeptical about our FO now	3
I've been trying to as well, but the game is so scary :/	2
"Did you guys notice that one of the headlines on the magazine from the last act said ""A real life marvel"" I loved that little detail honestly"	3
So it’s somehow weird or different to make a child/student pick up their (there) own mess as part of the lesson?	4
that is a rather attractive cartoon man	3
[NAME] is not a guy I root against. Just hope we have a good enjoyable game	3
Lol you sweet summer child. I wish I weren't so cynical and had hope like this.	3
Did he drug her or was she actually drunk when she ordered?	5
I love her omg	3
Ugh, [NAME]. Gross.	1
The worst thing about this tweet is how many likes and retweets it got	0
Are you kidding me? /r/subsithoughtifellfor	5
Done, good luck with your thing.	3
Late-stage Reddit. I'm afraid it's malignant, there are only palliative care options available at this point.	2
[NAME] has been somehow worse than [NAME] so far. Do we have any other subs who couldve played as wingers?	5
> Killing an intruder in your home in self defense is now a really bad thing. That was not even under discussion.	0
We won't. If Ireland do they'll be violating the GFA.	0
I hope [NAME] at least has a good nanny because [NAME] seems keen to scream on Instagram rather than...do anything else on the planet.	3
"Hey its you again. Dude can you please say ""N"" so I can complete the task? My last request went unanswered sadly."	4
You sound like a great Dad and husband to me. Hang in there.	3
We have that, actually.	3
I make my cows super stronk.	3
He wrote a pretty good piece right after his breakup with [NAME], this may be the same outcome	3
OmG is that Jogfrey StirS UnicORn BlOod?! 😍😍😍	5
I review you - *clap clap* - [NAME], bye bitch, gone	0
For a second, despite the title, I thought you were pouring coffee creamer on yourself and I was confused.	5
That is beyond disgusting.	1
Yeah, Inbox didn't have those so I forgot all about it until they killed it.	2
I'm missing something	4
Sometimes for a laugh, I will come to r/Canada to read comments of the ignorant.	3
It could be bait and switch... Which would be a surprise	5
He has been training for this 5k for about 20 years	3
Would love to see [NAME] pull up in a Tesla that was blocks by the truck guys.	3
You forgot about Argentina, 30k people died here because of the USA	4
I like the dog better than you too.	3
Sounds like he dodged a bullet. You’re kinda dumb.	0
Yet again; totally missing my point.	0
There’s very clearly debate or this weird one-sided propaganda thread wouldn’t be necessary.	5
What else did you expect?	5
I had thought about Millport but not the rest, great idea thanks 😁	3
Handsome with dark touch!	3
Just legalize it, already. Do it the proper way instead of by executive fiat. I hate the lawlessness—“the pen and a phone” bullshit.	0
I used to know a woman who got a lot of freelance work out of okcupid. Never done it myself though.	3
Inland Empire must be objectively the worst film ever then.	0
Ending the quarter with some point [NAME] action, I love it	3
I high key thought this same thing then it was sad boy hours when I broke things up	4
That wasn't what I was expecting at all.	4
What is up with the second, slightly differently orange hairline in front of the other from hairline? What the hell is going on there?	0
That’s too bad, I didn’t know that.	4
Yep. There are some good things hidden in amongst the bad. It would be disingenuous to claim otherwise.	3
I thought you were just going to wait her out. You actually engineered her loss of space to someone else. WELL DONE!!!!	3
You laugh at them. Openly. For being childish and naive. If they don’t react to facts maybe they’ll react to wounded pride.	0
Thank you! Forgot to add her youtube. And her second, smaller, channels (super entertaining rants):	3
Everything on the internet is real and serious... Im here to be downvoted and laugh.	0
I don't like the zombey cookies.	0
Lol. That's funny though!	3
Yeah, that will reduce the number of kids taking pills - make enjoying a drink at a festival even more difficult!	3
glad she;'s back inside, tragic what shes doing to this dude and his family they r the ones picking up the tab.	3
No problem here, as long as neither one of you are the asshole.	0
This is my best bro being a dumbass....he said he was ok though.	3
Yes. I got accused of being a man or a bootlicker because I was a mod in a men's lib sub two years ago.	3
But her sister is so much better	3
Because it seems like a first step on the same road that peope here have taken. I figured you have experience in the matter.	5
I, too, have lied about getting hooked up by Hasbro to justify the unhealthy amount of money I have spent on Nerf guns.	3
No it's laziness. People don't clean because there isn't an immediate consequence and the reward for cleaning isn't large enough.	0
Such a good story. Im now a grown man, crying at work... on reddit.	3
You’re so right. I’m just overthink it. But do you think it’s better in person or text?	3
I play EVE and I’m a moron. If I can do it, anyone can.	3
Are you sure?	5
Great post! : )	3
On this blessed day, we are all KQLY.	3
I heard someone say one... ‘everywhere is is better but Perth is the best!’ Glad you enjoyed your holiday!	3
i love the crocheted romper look and i don't care if i'm wrong	3
Oh bless your heart. I found this so funny. Goodness.	3
tbh college has been a hair easier for me than high school. The worst of it is making tuition and trying to register for classes	0
Why are our trolls so boring :(	4
Be careful on there, some people instantly denounce everyone with a female avatar as “trxps”	3
My bad! It looked so real XD thanks for the heads up	3
Useful distinction - thank you.	3
Give a listen to Gramatik, he is amazing	3
Its just a prank bro.	3
Played Divinity as well. Is Atlantica what I was describing? If so I'll give it a shot indeed. Is it still alive?	5
I hope you two can figure this out. I feel for you and for him.	3
I'm sending you all the hugs ;-;	3
Just gonna be mean here, those are all hideous :(	1
One day I was really desperate and tried putting warming balms that are intended for sore muscles on my lower tummy and it helps so much!	4
I’m sorry friend. I actually used to be pretty good with this but I’m constantly getting worse.	4
Thanks man! Helped me out quite a bit.	3
That would be awesome	3
I love Invader Zim.	3
A bag of pita chips is really $8?	5
My mother did this. This isn't just a millennial thing.	0
Thanks for blocking his face OP. Could have been bad.	3
Apologies, I should have been more specific. Where abouts is JD?	4
Black self determination and Black separatism isn't the same thing... thank you for proving my point.	3
Love your username	3
It's irrelevant because that's not how we elect presidents. He won an electoral landslide. He flipped several democrat strongholds. He did just fine.	0
It's bad when that sounds tasty to me	0
Hey! I’m watching this very episode right now! Haha	3
I got a good laugh at this one. I feel bad.	3
This physically hurt me	4
I'm so happy this post blew up because this is so true	3
If we backed a second referendum and the Lib Dems were at 10% I'd be pretty annoyed to be honest. Cheeky sods.	0
Yes you pretty much summed it up. Wanted her out of that career that was destroying her.	3
Pac Med building. Amazon’s headquarters was there once upon a time. Not sure what it is now. Probably medical.	5
Lol Jets Skills Comp got taken down due to Copyright	3
Careful, now. Suggesting this kind of dialogue at Google is what got [NAME] fired.	3
How many of these people are from the original Lucasfilm? Before Disney's takeover? Does anyone know?	5
Thanks for the post [NAME] hang in there bb.	3
I hope this leads to [NAME] empire going down.	3
Mug that fool	0
Wheres the telescope?	5
Aw look at her little coat	3
Lol you know what makes me happy? All of your guys negativity. Keep it up everyone :) it just makes me happier	3
If he worked out he would look good I think. But not in a way I would be attracted to him lol, just in general.	3
Ask him for as much help as you need though. Or anyone. You might be surprised as to how willing people are to lend help.	3
So no replays for arsenal penalty calls.. Cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool	3
I'm liking the bums	3
It makes customers uncomfortable because we're calling them on their BS and this is the only way to get them to own up to it.	4
I thought it was that one! I recognize the shadow of the new highway arch and the forever construction signs.	5
As long as the ink isn’t on a contract, I don’t listen to any rumors. Waste of time	0
Stop spreading false hope!	0
Of course he gets you, he’s your brother. j/k	3
I was dying when he said we got to make love or be a crime	3
Always!! I especially love when they ask for the *exact thing that’s in their lunch* but, like, a new one.	3
Go off [NAME] This season has been a roller coaster but this guy is the best thing we've had in a while. He's so damn good	3
Someone has already written [NAME] is the Aus Open winner on her wikipedia page. Haha	3
I loved it too! I think it doesn't really mean anything and it was just a hommage, but anything can happen in Riverdale.	3
I don’t think I’ve ever seen that many downvotes.	4
Thanks man....	3
So excited to see the man again.	3
Who cares. [NAME] is draining the swamp. Get over it	3
NO BOY! NO MORE FREEDOMS TO GO AROUND HERE! Now go back to your room and give me your toy guns immediately	0
I am sports entertained.	3
wow fkn nice :)	3
Reading comprehensions not your strong suit I’m guessing, no I don’t personally believe that, just pointing out an anecdote.	0
Happy cake day bruh	3
My bad , thought it was the English one	4
how sad you feel about this makes me sadder than the actual story lol. you sound like a really kind person.	3
That’s the one!	3
Personally wish they had a male version of 🤰🏼	3
"I love any story that includes the phrase: ""Some gypsies showed up"". "	3
I turned the game off last night wondering what it’s like to have two point guards and being slightly jealous of the Nets.	5
Is the wooosh on us cause there’s no fuckin wooosh to begin with or	0
"It's crazy that I just saw like seven clashing patterns and immidiately thought ""oh yes, eastern Europe"". Why is that?"	5
Haha Nice. I finished paying [NAME] back about a year ago. Great feeling! Congrats.	3
But you've been openly critical of men's rights and have defended feminism.	3
Thank you so much. This is really valuable information!	3
Is she dead? She’s dead isn’t she...	5
Why everyone mad i think it was a joke .people these days over sensitive my [NAME].	0
A long term relationship with pizza? Wow talk about accurate!	5
Lovely integrity ya got there. Keep up the good work!!	3
You came to the wrong neighborhood bud lololol.	3
Thanks for the reply. You're right though. If you make a scene about it, you might as well be tattling. Go Browns	3
Then I disagree that being a cog in someone’s machine is reason to be resentful.	0
2 or 1 seed we’re still playing a bad team in the first round	4
Even [NAME] had a few missed dunks and airballs. Extremely rare, but they happened.	5
I love [NAME]. I really love him. Xx	3
I really need to stop taking my guns fishing with me. I keep losing them!!! :(	4
can I use I can't believe it's not butter because my boyfie doesn't make over 20k :(	4
i mean, never listened to zepellin much, not even acdc, i didnt know acdc suck	0
I went to college to get an MRS and all I got was this lousy BS!	4
And I thought best girl couldn’t get better. Please tell me there is one of other best girl [NAME] with glasses	3
I love Nigeria, visited a couple of times. Lived in Angola for two years	3
cutest vid I've seen in a while	3
That'd be a funnier picture if it was just a picture of the floor with nothing on it	3
Stop saying generic hating sentences!	0
Nicely done sir	3
If I'm not mistaken we will have [NAME] as backup next year so not bad at all.	3
Middle school. Puberty was rough for most of us. I was a victim and a perpetrator of a lot of stupid behavior in middle school.	4
Its amazing how hive mind works...	3
I’ve always wondered why they play at ear splitting volume instead of one where you can enjoy the music.....	5
Performing good with a weapon that is better than almost every other in the game makes you view them better than average? ok	3
Sorry to hear that	4
I cannot be more clear myself: If you do not have a comparable situation, you do not have a valid point to be making	0
Thanks I am among them.	3
You'd better not cry!	3
Handsome man! Getting cuter with the years.	3
No no this is true. A very redeeming quality. Them [NAME] like their water crisp and cold.	3
Maybe you were depressed because your place was a mess.	4
My wife really likes Deja but hasn’t listened to TDAGARIM. I’m so excited for when she hears it for the first time.	3
The kid seems more mature than his mother	3
I don’t want everybody to live the same way as me, I just wanted to express the stupidity of it.	0
The Cavs didn’t even want [NAME]. They just wanted to fuck with us.	0
He looks like [NAME]	3
cute, new driver still cares. Come back in 4 months and u will be showing pictures of that bag thrown on the trunk.	0
Congratulations!!! And I hope those people who tried to interfere in your marriage feel very foolish now. How wonderful this is!💕	3
The comment was so terrible. I can’t believe it made the final cut.	5
Hawaiian shaved ice is THE BEST!!!!	3
Sticking his tongue out.... ugh	1
I do this too! I love that giving a genuine compliment is easy and can make someone's day :)	3
We can’t stand for this any longer!	0
Sandwiching an argument between two insults. I like it - I might try it. Maybe that will get people to agree with me	3
I'm crying.	4
Thank you /u/GarbagePailGrrrl!	3
> The bedrock principle of representative government is that “the people” do not decide issues, they decide who shall decide. Very much this.	3
Best of luck to you my friend, keep going	3
Just get pissed next time he asks and tell him to fuck off Some people just think they can take advantage of people who help them	0
Love how thorough this answer is. I think it shows you know yourself well!	3
This is the worst thing I've ever seen. Take my upvote.	1
[NAME] doesn’t use it & had the highest SAUG k/d at Vegas. Definitely isn’t “poop” without it lol.	3
I’m ready to see yet another person fall tonight.	3
Ok. I got it. But it was a house. Just seemed odd lol	3
i think that bungie learned the lesson of Infinity Ward. Great job guys!	3
That and hoping the cultists on trumps side can give them enough time to get out before it all goes down in flames, your country that is.	5
this has happened to me twice...most embarrassing shit	4
This is a totally different one right?	5
Ohhhhh. *That’s* what that was.	5
The first article on their is talking about the [NAME] documentary...? E - there*. What the hell is my phone doing	0
Only children are scared to take trains by themselves ...oh wait.	2
Congrats on being clean, and having a great team mate!	3
Cute, super cute	3
That sucks. I had to deal with something similar. Sorry you go through this.	4
So lifelike!	3
I've wanted one ever since [NAME] dual wielded them in Bad Boys 2.	3
Very handsome!!	3
Mmmmmm 😐 🤔 yeah	3
Honestly just tired of this shit, people who'd rather see us tank than push for playoffs. Literally want us to be the fucking Suns.	4
"""Yoohoo~ Remember,remember,the fifth of dismember!"""	3
Racial attacks went up after [NAME] was elected.	3
But also the smell!! People go past KFC and say Mmmm I must get some lol	3
Glad to see I'm not the only one with that bug. Maybe someone will report it some day.	3
So when I say the eagles just won a chip what would that insinuate.. not everybody has the same terminology sorry if you view my perception wrong	5
Thank you for reconsidering. It is very important to open discussion. Does this help you see how the dems and gop ARE actually different?	3
some state are way more paranoid about this than others. also depend who handle the call / judge... like, some people believe spanking should be criminal...	3
So we can forgive her a little for burdening Dunder Mifflin 😂	3
The dense stuff isn't very accessible. :/	0
They do, I'm just not sure how and it's a challenge. I knew one guy that got a mirror shine on them.	5
With the way [NAME] has been playing I’m just hoping it’s not a coincidence that [NAME] is playing well too.	3
The absolute subhuman filth that worships [NAME] will believe that this isn't even a photoshop	3
This wasn't him forcing her to get an abortion or breast implants dude like seriously you are being pretty ridiculous.	1
I shave it. Btw great way to cheer me up saying I look like I'm 45 at 23	3
"Ugh YES. I literally am so against it and everyone is always like ""why it's fun"" but like I just want to find love "	3
You arent going to be making 10 million dollars in your business, this wont affect you.	0
[NAME] is so fun. You can cc everyone and be annoying af. Imo [NAME] is the most fun role 🤷	3
Oh man, I saw a White Forest Cake the other day and DEAR LORD I almost drooled.	3
Changed it thanks	3
They want to make gun ownership so expensive and onerous that people won't even bother.	0
Well, seeing as how communism is by definition stateless, I'd be interested to hear how one would get communism with a state...	3
[NAME] looks really hot in this pic for some reason	3
>i don't feel so good (mister [NAME]). r/unexpectedspiderman	4
I will watch tonight, thank you!	3
The Calgary Herald has extremist on their payroll?	5
Sport shooting can be done with air guns. Problem solved.	3
Just be good and you won’t lose, ez	3
That literally doesn’t even look like her omg	5
Been there a few times but not recently. I'm a builder mostly, been behind the scenes and behind a fair amount of big brands since 2008-ish	3
Thanks! It is too bad we can't suddenly age [NAME] and [NAME] a year or so.	3
Damn, savage but true.	3
Always interesting to hear how dom mechanics kinda seep into other relationships lol	3
Ahhh yes the, their all Russian controlled bots play, a classic in the last few years	3
I am with you. Despite leaving stuff at his place, i am slow but surely done.	3
Hope you had a great time!	3
Best post ever	3
If charity worked, everyone in the world would be fed and healthy in this precise moment. Also, how are you going to enact basic income without social institutions?	5
Sadly no, everything was thrown around the room, and everytime I rebuilt something, it would be annihilated again.	4
yes everyone does this!	3
Your wife is smart.	3
Man, thats ruthless. Lesson learned. Trust me, there will be a time when they actually need money and I really hope you say no.	3
Nope. You're a weirdo.	1
So so happy, more than you believe	3
Inkling main: I like being cheap. It makes me happy.	3
Not even in The Twelve Days of Christine? She was amazing in that.	3
This picture is as old as Tinder. OP is probably a dog for all we know.	3
yea I agree, and [NAME] is way younger so has trade value. [NAME] is still an offensive powerhouse but his DWAR is slumping.	3
The sex must be great.	3
Also very funny that communists can still expect it to end up in a different end-game. Well not funny though. :	3
Not all of us young teens eat tide pods Mom would be sad	4
Currently waiting for the inevitable gopher collapse into the tight finish I know and love.	3
Glad they made it..	3
Oh that's disgusting, this man should be sent to priso- ohh, it's America, ok then, feel free.	1
I like picking beans with grandma.	3
Thanks for taking this on. My daughter's extended family on her father's side do nothing but indulge this crap and it's undermining everything.	3
Ok... if you think its time.... have a fun safe trip	3
Intolerance of intolerance isn't intolerant my dude	0
It hurts to look at it	4
They do not need to. A majority of the vox populi think like you do.	0
What do they tell you about them?	5
Worst winter ever :(	4
Do as I say, Not as I do	0
Noooo... Went and saved all the webpages as PDFs, though it's not a perfect solution.	0
Yeah no problem. Sorry about that.	3
NSFW tagged for showing [NAME]. But anyways, I hope you enjoy the video!	3
I am so sorry that happened to you.	4
Ahhhh the good old anecdote	3
Yknow that is one of the main reasons farmers have a lot of kids right? Cheap labor.	5
Damage values would be fantastic. I also really appreciate having detailed kit information. We no longer use attachments so listing specializations would be nice.	3
As a non-legalistic [NAME], I wholeheartedly agree. :)	3
I haven't seen it here yet, but I love LetterKenny. It gets funnier as the show goes on and it's on Hulu	3
I liked it because [NAME] is a fat lard and he was pissed off.	3
This looks so damn cool! I’d love a shirt like this!	3
I believe that show scared straight was actually a massive failure, it got viewers but concept of it never resulted in the kids actually being 'scared straight'.	2
The best album.	3
USE GLOVES YOU MANIAC	0
Its like the worlds most infuriating reality show.	0
That makes no sense. You know that right?	5
I like you	3
I think I love you mate😂	3
[NAME] was just calling you out for being rude as fuck	0
A track would be much more suitable for this kind of recklessness! Keep this kind of dangerous driving off of public roads!	0
Surely you've seen weirdo then? It makes me laugh Everytime haha	3
I’m gonna love it if that happens to me	3
I only read the first sentence then came to comments to confirm that something about the author would be the most upvoted comment.	3
We‘re looking good so far	3
I thought [NAME] was awesome tonight. That kid is passing on another level. I'd love to see that kid saucing up [NAME] on the PP unit	3
I fucking love Danbo. Thanks for putting it back in my head, I see my future self there in a few hours.	3
>Downvote me, you cowards.	0
Great [NAME], love Oasis, saw this in theaters when I had the chance.	3
I'm glad to have made a bad time a little bit better. Stay safe!	3
Sorry I have to ask your age before I yell you.	4
And I though Glory Kills were gruesome	1
cliche as it sounds, it’s never too late to start. can’t change your past, creating a better future starts now	3
Feels good bruh	3
">The Charisma Myth"" It's bullshit too."	0
That has to be custom, right? I don’t remember them having any editions like this, looks sweet.	3
Did insurance cover this? Who was the surgeon? Unfortunately without it...this surgery can cost up to 20k or more in American cities.	5
Just out of interest, what mm rank are you?	5
Great work hentaipoon!	3
Omg! I'm just about to post a recipe with turmeric because I ALSO FEEL THAT WAY.	3
I'm at job that is effecting my mental health, and I'm not sure if I should be up front.	4
Thanks, we were just waiting for you to come in with the final say.	3
Your name is amazing	3
Low life is as low life does. I wouldn't be too surprised if he's broke by the time he's middle aged, unfortunately.	5
Enough shit comes out of his mouth, do we really need to put more back in?	5
Getting upset and triggered over a hat is absolutely failed moral character, and a sign of deep immaturity.	0
Pregnancy test. No matter how old I am, I am still embarrassed.	4
I was too mad to continue with the second episode lol I see now that he's married and think HOW?	3
[NAME] dirty talk really just Doesnt Work for me. Sounds silly at the best of times.	0
Why would you do something so controversial and yet so brave?	5
Paula Weed is the best troll ever.	3
I must break you!	0
This is the best news I've heard in weeks. Source: Albertan where scum like wolves of odin are multiplying like fruit fly's.	3
And it was out of their control as well for both. That's funny	3
> Thank you for participating in the SeattleWA ProcessTM The only process that is messier than the Seattle City Council.	3
Oh thank you! I hadn’t even realized :D	3
I'm also a human being but I can't think of any reason why I would physically hurt a woman.	0
Please explain how this is stupid	0
Not liking [NAME] is not statism. Removed.	0
I think if we survived during The Blitz I think we'll be alright now.	3
That was the worst power play I’ve ever seen	1
Jokes aside, welding is so fucking fun, and they get paid damnnnn well.	3
Sweet! This just keeps getting better. Have a good one	3
ITT: “lol buzzfeed” even though Buzzfeed News is a completely different entity	3
You try reposting it?	5
Idk why, but this is the one I love at restaurants	3
Yep. No better birth control. It's almost comical. If only it were happening to someone else...	3
Damn Skyrim VR looks amazing.	3
I love Dlo lol	3
I use to work in an office near a 24hr McDonald's. The smell of the place when walking by at 7am was stomach churning.	1
[NAME]. How are your attempts at arguing reality into agreeing with you going?	5
Haha, nice try mom. *dabs*	3
Good stuff man. Love the passion.	3
Nah see that's the kind of pessimism that makes you more depressed. Even if they're not genuine you can still take it to heart.	0
"The millionaire backers of a no deal brexit will lose an awful lot of money if they do. The patsy""s are doing a real good job"	3
Bedside report is terrible.	2
Tell us more about this magical potion. How do we craft it	5
Wow, such an unlucky finish... lucky we had DNB, really bad mistake by the goal keeper in the 95’	5
Just like that great historical fact about the [NAME] head being used to mark abused women's shelters in ancient Greece!	5
That. Is flipping Cute. He's definately a dog person.	3
My daughter attempted in November of 2012. She also still struggles. Glad you’re BOTH still alive!	3
>testing teenagers for four mystery roles Oh good lord. This is going to be even worse.	1
Doesn’t have those thick eyebrows though lol	3
Considering you are also a child, I can't say I'm surprised by your edgy hot take.	5
This just made my day! Thanks for the laugh!!	3
So hard to believe that this comment isn`t being ridiculed. I want some of what you guys are smoking.	5
Headline had me thinking the guy was currently barricaded in a BK bathroom, demanding they give him free food. But no.	4
Comes from [NAME]. I love the seduction community.	3
This reminds me of the wallpaper someone posted here a while back, great pic OP!	3
Never stop playing them! I love going against Legions and never see them enough in this game!	3
Just like how one day a magic unicorn might appear and prove us all wrong about them not existing.	4
I'm shocked you still have service. Mine doesn't play, they are cold.	5
This was ten years ago...but I have faith in people to be nice. Knoxville was amazing when I lived there.	3
This isn't a sport from Holland it's from Frisia, the title is wrong	0
Because they don’t want to pay for [NAME]	0
Shameless IG plug:	0
Damn I never had to wait that long. Then again where I live is a town more than a city so much less busy etc	0
That's beyond fucking creepy!	0
i’m happy you were able to have a child! that’s my biggest concern.	3
I'm guessing this talk will be gated behind the expo pass at GDC. Do these become (legitimately) publicly available after the event?	5
I already called the county I got married in trying to find out about it but they had nothing on either of us about a divorce.. Im so anxious.	2
No surprise there. It was always his policy to table it upon the deal's failure in Parliament as was set out at the Labour conference.	0
I understand now. Thank you for your thorough explanation.	3
Man I'm glad that the caption told me this was hilarious... I might not have know otherwise.	3
Okay, but your other comment didn’t even make sense. Wasn’t sure what you were complaining about	5
Ya know, I hate lying but I guess I'd make an exception for this.	0
Worst CB we’ve had in recent memory	0
Dear [NAME], It’s time for the next flood. Thanks.	3
Oh true I remember seeing it on Spotify’s charts for weeks. It’s terrible.	2
"""So, I was grading your work and someone spilled coffee on them. Sorry for the mess."""	4
This is good	3
I learn things reading about them, but visual triggers also help.	3
Congratulations, go for a beer and watch a Leaf game on Saturday! HNIC.	3
Ok. Hang onto shit you can't change and be whiney about it. This is a reason why we catch shit. We can't take it	0
They are both just so perfect for each other	3
I think that's more a matter of character's personalities, I think, more than development. But for the rest, I agree.	3
No. Just no.	0
He looks like a Spanish Solly March, so I’ll assume he’s as average as Solly is.	3
You guys rock!	3
I really wish the conversation surrounding masculinity had just an ounce of empathy for men, rather than just the pretense of empathy for men	3
Seems like every season she is less hot. Too bad	0
If only he could’ve known that [NAME] made it out safe and got to live honestly for a little while	3
oh thats nasty!	1
To give him a chance to play somewhere else. Sounds like a decent move by [NAME].	3
Thank you, this isn't the first time they have tried to control us with money. They always put odd stipulations on money or gifts.	3
This is a family friendly sub; please don't say the McC-word.	3
Thank you for commenting exactly what I was going to comment and saving me the trouble!	3
I’m actually feeling these commercials. Especially the young dancer dude haha. This is how you advertise to your demographic!	3
Thank you for educating me. Lol	3
You forgot about cats. They’re all talking about their cats.	4
I think [NAME] is honestly just a whack job.	0
Your description fits the type of SB I prefer. I don't see short hair as a negative.	3
The majority is not relevant: it was advisory. I agree a second vote is needed to kill the [NAME] trope.	3
What kind of prison sentence would he get in Australia for that?	5
She wasn't fucking running, no matter how hard you insist. You'd make a wonderful Qld cop with that mentality.	0
You can do it, I believe in you!	3
Thank you, how epic is your curl?	3
He looked pretty into it when talking with [NAME]	3
Your body, your choice. Sorry it had to mean the end of the relationship. But it's better now rather than later as tensions grow.	4
Pretty much. The key difference is that bunnies thump.	3
They all clapped.	3
Given the horses ass you lot made of the last one, I think it’s best to put this idea on the back burner.	0
When you've been dodging as much as [NAME] has, to this challenge, ppl start to 2nd guess and lose faith in you.	5
Holy shit. Thank you everyone. Thanks for the gold and silver :)	3
This might be my favorite scene in the whole series	3
I don't think that makes for a fair deal. That $100 is far more valuable. It's more of a disposable income thing for me.	0
Idk my brain doesn’t process what I’m watching if I can’t read along at the same time	5
Oh, thx for clarification!	3
Crocodile tears.. 🙄🐊	0
You can turn right on red!	3
Neat, it’s screenshotted from my Facebook so I doubt that it’s an exact one my friend	5
Thanks bot! The water looks so weird now	3
Bit of a rant there, but I get it. This comes off as super pretty.	3
But then they can't draw the m word	0
the best places are immigrant restaurants. cheap and delicious food. the better ones are outside of downtown.	3
Same. However, do we have tea or is this just speculation?	5
Someone just vandalized this poor guys car in the target parking lot lol	3
And please do not dab unless you are at bingo.	0
Oooh, THAT Shaggy!	5
Thats harassment brotha. Do you double dare me	0
No kidding, one way or another they'll get much better this year.	3
Thanks. At first I read it as party	3
Stay strong. You are better off without them.	3
"Oh boy.. ""The Beginner's Guide"" game on steam had me messed up for a couple days.."	0
This hurts my brain	0
LMAO! I would heed his advice if I didn't get chased off by the private land owner 😁	3
I'm not searching for anything, but even though I'd like them to be, I don't think anything I'm feeling is justifiable.	3
This is what happens when untrained people playing at being detectives and judges run into actual detectives and judges.	0
Almost downvoted you just because that made me so angry.	0
Realizing that thirty isn't old at all.	5
Congrats! Make one extra payment a year and you’ll have it paid off in 15 years instead of 30.	3
Say what you want about me, I can take it... but stop slandering poor defenseless [NAME]...	0
That's a hot pic Shame she'll kill us all	3
I like the fact that you like it a lot.	3
What a thot*	3
Thanks mate!	3
Self defense should be, and this man sexually assaulted this woman.	1
I would of gone to the doctor way before that	5
Thanks, [NAME]	3
Whhhaaa really? When was this?	5
I’m so glad they remastered that game, I’m having a blast playing it again	3
damn you're prolly right. only character i actually hate is [NAME], i'll use a different word	3
Girl I got you. guys haven’t experienced culture where basically every girl calls herself fat or tries to restrict their eating because they have insecurity or dysmorphia	3
[NAME] if they're doing wrestling probably fine	5
I didn't even know this existed! Thank you kindly!!	3
While I agree with my political views could be of the top of my least favorites and [NAME] weren't ruined by the pic.	3
Dear [NAME], **DON'T FUCK THIS UP** Love, Me	3
MTV is so dramatic lol “beautiful love story”	3
Let me guess, are you Swedish perhaps ?	5
Let’s get greedy and take back what is rightfully ours	0
"also rough translation of the chinese: ""very beautiful octopus."" (probably wrong) "	3
Thanks for contributing to the point I just made. More complaining and self-assuring. Yap away.	3
US labor laws are fucked up	0
Ikr... it’s a sin in itself to use [NAME] to instil fear and hate, [NAME] is love not hate and he loves all of us	3
THANK YOU SOMEONE SAID IT!!	3
Dressing room back bone is not somebody who always blames others for his mistakes on the pitch.	0
I lost it at “wait, what did I do?”	5
We love you here.	3
She's so remarkably stupid.	0
> It's a bad precedent to start once this community grows. Community does what?	5
That book is awesome	3
Agreed sis. But I was just annoyed at that point and wanted to get laid. Didn't happen though. Oh well. Thanks!!	3
I don’t like [NAME] As I love the 2nd amendment Can we stop him ?	5
The cruise boat one (similar) where the water goes WELL over the porthole scares the everloving shit out of me every time	2
As a computer science student but also a lifelong [NAME], the issues surrounding Amazon in Queens have left me substantially torn.	4
I'm so sad.	4
Dude that was in like October abandon all hope	4
Ikr. Who the hell goes to Greggs for *pizza*?	0
Wow! What a joyous companion--for each of them. How wonderful!!!	3
I’m still using a laptop from 2008, and until last month I was using a phone from 2013. Actually felt bad upgrading the phone.	4
I don't understand the title.	5
Of all the people in the world, I honestly can't believe that Reddit hates [NAME].	5
Go look up China’s virtual news anchor.	0
Underrated comment, my friend! Know that you made me genuinely laugh!	3
Does anybody have a serious answer to this?	5
It doesn't matter if 99% didn't vote for him, it only maters that he got 50% +1 of the seats.	5
Sadly this is not a new issue for Ukraine. Please take a moment to remember Babi Yar :(	4
Eventually I would have to land another queen to stop the target from arranging marriages themselves.	3
This is why I could never work in construction	0
Honestly if you had to live in punchbowl you’d be angry too	0
Seriously. OP needs to get their shit together.	0
Yes thank you	3
Am I the only one that still texts in complete sentences and at least attempts to spell the words correctly?	5
I freakin' love Corgis!! 🐕🥰	3
Oh my gawd. WHAT?	5
If it was low-fat mayonnaise, their response may have been justified. That stuff is horrendous.	0
I can’t tell if you got the joke or not hahaha	3
You don’t understand it because it’s insanely dumb, as the vid demonstrates.	0
Well at least he wont be hungry ever again	3
We cant even get sexually assaulted without them claiming we're gross fetishists	1
Lakers truly have the worst fans	0
I'm surprised that the police have not send her to a mental institution	5
If you can't do your jobs you risk fucking losing them.	3
"Even ""not allying with Dems any longer"" ME thinks this involvement is a good idea..."	3
"In ""modern"" copies of MGS 3, you can find a way to play music out of it that they can?"	5
She didn't hit any of the notes but I still love [NAME] so much.	3
No. I'm just against forcing your beliefs on people who aren't old enough to distinguish reality from fiction.	0
Thanks! Would trollgc work too?	3
Lol! I’m glad you feel lucky because you are! Could you imagine dealing with the continuous flipping back and forth between desire and guilt? 😬	3
Nah [NAME] gonna be an asexual for sure.	3
There is a special place in hell for drivers like you. I pray to [NAME] there is.	0
[NAME] was only OP when it came out. [NAME] was OP for so long. I'm still happy they finally did something to her.	3
This is absolutely perfect	3
Anyone else want a TE early? Tired of fucking around with the position even if [NAME] did look pretty mean for a few weeks	0
"Some ""Mean Girls"" style backstabbing will be a great B-plot for this new season! 🍿"	3
It seems you've never played HotS.	0
Huh? edit: /u/DanVsStu I have no idea what this show even is - you have the wrong account	0
It’s shocking if you’re a bad electrician.	5
Oops, guess youre straight now!	5
Apparently, he can't just have sex with anyone because he needed to rape someone.	1
Yeah but good luck proving it in court	3
[NAME] I hope so.	3
Plus there's this expectation/trope of flowers sent to workplace being a way for someone who's fucked up to apologize (which is icky as hell but whatever)	0
Dont worry, as you get older that will stop working or possibly even cause anxiety.	2
NICE... TO.... MEET YOU... OW!	3
I'm sad that I gave that shit article a page view.	4
don't you know? the world is america only [NAME] Bless.	5
False equivalence in the sense property rights aren't enforced but more accurately defended.	0
I mean I've never seen, even on this show, people grab so many cookies and chips with such excitement.	3
Yikes. That sounds terrible 😢	2
He was an awful HC, is in his 70s and has repeatedly said he doesn’t want to do it again.	1
I definitely liked him last game against Houston. Hope this is the new AG!	3
Oh wow. That’s nice of New York.	3
The fact that it has so many up votes is baffling to me. Why would anyone care?	5
Good for that security guard! That's lovely to hear.	3
Someone made this album, dwights a bit lanky but I enjoyed it.	3
“The failing of mistaking internet trend.” Clearly he is a grammatical genius.	3
I just hope you are all right dude	3
A bit of storybook now and again never hurt anyone :D So happy for the both of you!	3
same i feel u	3
Excellent projection. 9.5/10.	3
"I mean... It also has Strength as a ""fantasy power""? I don't get this joke "	5
That guys entire account is the biggest comedy cemetery out there	3
this comment made me very nervous	2
Because I've heard Him speak to me and comfort me.	3
Funny enough, there is a five guys. I don't think the government knows it's American.	3
Lol yeah I did, that's why specified the killer, for survivor the fun comes from escaping so tunneling feels like shit	3
Close enough. Is rainbow 6 any good?	5
What a loon	0
Oh [NAME], even if I had a bf I would be ashamed to have him do that for	4
Could be tripping or having an orgasm from dry humping, but it's pretty clear that they aren't full on having sex	3
You're free to believe all of that, but we're going to have to wait and see how it actually all plays out.	3
I can't be the only one who's on this sub because I love it instead of being afraid	3
This is wonderful. Hope to have him and that newly a Dad joy back on ice as soon as he's ready.	3
Utah is terrible, I hated driving through there at night	0
Glad to see Mrs. [NAME] is still alive and well!	3
Pretty much, it’s ironic to think how quickly the parties would switch positions if the illegal immigrants were expected to vote 90% for [NAME].	4
I did physics and maths, now in astrophysics. It's fun (except for stars, those suck).	3
Bruh you don’t belong here	0
Now I have to re-watch the entire series, thanks.	3
I almost didn't finish this stranger mission because I just *knew* it was going to be bad.	4
He probably just doesn't want to hurt the ex's feelings. But if you're concerned, ask him yourself if things are only okay	3
People still expecting that are delusional regardless tbh. Messed up they'll never say what happened to Half Life but time to start using some context clues herr	5
Just got the Ultimate edition and it's already my favourite game of all time. I just wish everyone could agree [NAME] is best girl	3
Some college professors and their teaching staff may need to die. Oh, wait... saying that is hate speech.	0
Might be an unpopular opinion but I actually enjoyed the faster ruck speed. Spewing they didn't stay strong and stick to their guns	3
I had one of these... she would even steal my jokes and observations and recycle them to other people in front of me! lol	3
That's not what diffusion is at all smh	0
[NAME] out? I thought he’s been playing pretty well. Wonder why...	5
Just curious, people keep saying fire [NAME]. And then what?	5
[NAME] looks miserable in those photos.	0
Omg [NAME] is so cute in this artstyle	3
im curious to see what we can costumize in noob and jade	5
internally down-voting for the sarcasm!	3
We need a bench and a coach that realizes six foot three players aren’t small forwards.	5
Because you’re insecure with double standards, got it.	3
Im from Austria, so im supporting TSM from EU. Would appreciate to Share my thoughts.	3
I'll probably do the same thing next year that I did this year and that was targeting [NAME] pretty late	3
Good luck.	3
Wow. Have that much debit in your bovada account is something crazy. Props to you	5
Sorry just seemed like you were trying to make it a [NAME] thing	4
Subpoena is still one of the weirdest words I’ve ever seen	0
"""I don't socialize because i'm unhappy and i'm unhappy because I don't socialize"". -Socially anxious bastard"	0
We still luv u	3
I mean yeah but it still sucks. Hopefully you have better luck in the future.	3
Because different characters have different advantages. Why do questions like this still get asked?	0
As someone who's had whooping cough as an adult I will physically beat down anyone who says that especially about their kids	3
I wish I can go 90 days challenge	3
Do your worst. The tag just describes your views. Could have been much more vicious.	1
Bro, too close to home. Thing is I wish I could just chill where this monk is at, with a lot of open space.	3
That blows. Glad you're doing better.	3
That’s my luck. Lol	3
I would not recommend that, as communication is very important in this game. But whatever floats your boat I guess.	5
Hahaha 😂😂😂😂😂 this is so funny and relatable!	3
I know, sorry! I didn't want to translate some parts but I thought I had to	4
Post this to /r/penmanshipporn I *dare* you. Edit: been done already, I shoulda figured lol	3
Banner price is down to 100k donuts. And I still don't have enough..... (sad face)	4
Is it public? Are they aware of what's going on *all the time*? It's not as cut & dry as you think.	5
[NAME] was pretty dumb in s7	4
Ok. Progress. Not only I presented more facts, I also asked some questions. Still unanswered, sadly.	4
This is the saddest thing I've seen today	4
Too busy being on that stupid ass mystery singer show	0
Thank you :) it was hard to get back in the groove but now that I am, I don’t wanna stop!	3
Abortion. emails. BENGHAZI! red cups Happy Holidays	3
People like standing in line drunk for extended periods of time, apparently. I don't know how else you could enjoy that experience except lots of booze.	5
Abusive family nice. Been there.	3
Yeah, I interact with less adults as a teacher than I did in any other job I've had in the past.	3
Congratulations, that joke has only been made 89,401,327 times on reddit before.	3
[NAME]. She's always so busy. I'm glad she finally got to relax....	3
Just what I need; a video of my commute to work so I can enjoy the experience in my free time.	3
This almost makes me ashamed to be Irish. As we say here, “Scarlet for your ma for having you!”	4
OMG THOSE TINY SHOES! *desire to boop snoot intensifies*	3
Oh okay, thank you!!	3
Yeah it’s fine. Some supplements contain Ashwagandha which affects the gaba receptors so be cautious if you’re already on gabapentin or a beta blocker	2
Is it weird that I'm tearing up?	5
What a cataclysm	4
Good viral marketing attempt [NAME]!	3
I lived across the street from it as a child. Used to swim in it as a kid...Ignorance is bliss.	3
I feel like i really want to go learn metal casting from [NAME] now	3
*I bring you Love!*	3
Nobody likes you	0
[NAME] is the best	3
That needs a standalone cooler to plug into just to operate effectively lol	3
Hmm surprised that went on for as long as it did, at some point there must have been some redeeming qualities.	5
As someone with a newborn, thank you so much! Good tip to have for sure!	3
I'm sorry but are you implying that everything to the right of full-blown communism is the center?	4
Like I said deleted	3
I’m glad I didn’t try this cleanup method when I had serious depression	3
Yeah, I killed this post. Reddit is a great place and I'm glad I made my suggestion here.	3
I used to. It's been a while though.	3
"Reminds me of ""This Be The Verse"", haha."	3
Had to pause for a sec to properly cringe when [NAME] says why he got sent to the school. Whyyyyy would you *announce* that oh my [NAME]	5
Uhh? The only thing I see being over is -350B+ lost in trade each year	5
Thanks, now where's eyebleacher?	3
That actually makes a lot of sense. I stand corrected.	3
Thank you! Sorry if this is a silly question, but what is considered low for kms on a used car?	3
Oohhooo that's cold (& very good!)! 🤣	3
Group hug to you and our fellow redditors :)	3
I said that weeks ago	5
It’s actually not. But i agree.	3
Amazing, thanks for posting.	3
Thanks, you are right, I appreciate you reaching out	3
Curious why the option is even allowed then.	5
Wait you confuse me , [NAME] orb can be deflected , unsure on the healing one tho [NAME] dash CD is 7 second not 11	5
He showed how easy it is to get into a team and gain fame.	3
>The surprise will be all ours. head_meme.gif Can't be surprised by how terrible a story becomes if you don't watch it.	5
I had the volume so loud and it came out of nowhere. It felt like those meme videos with the morning.	5
Which episode was this?	5
Not really. My group of friends are awesome in every way possible except they are homophobic	0
And...peter thiel is involved. Color me surprised. (O negative surprised that is.)	5
I think you mean what a factual statement.	3
Which is why not only did PR lose but RUP was not the first choice sadly even if it had won in BC :(	4
Thanks fam, maybe I'll replay the level	3
I am confusion	5
This is actually interesting..thanks.	3
Awesome shot dude!	3
> But it says progressive right in their name.... Here's a beautiful girl for you... ^^/s	3
HR is there to protect the company. Not you.	0
I’ve read your comment over and over and I’m sorry I can’t parse what you’re saying.	4
Yeah like I just get more dissociated. Music sounds better and stuff	3
happy cake day	3
happy for [NAME]. hopefully you get someone worth a shit now	3
Damn...perspective is good, Haha. Then again [NAME], that's some awesome architecture. Early 1900s?	3
"love seeing ""donkey kong 64"" written on some official government paper congrats hbomb, you deserve it all champ "	3
[NAME] are the liars, we know.	0
Sorry man I don’t really like duck.	4
She represents window licking retards.	0
Lets just say I'm hopeful! Don't die on me [NAME].	3
I believe in traditional gender use in language.	3
Lol alright dude. Nice chat.	3
I would really love to hear you expound on your idea of “truth”.	3
Desperately miss this, [NAME] was one of my favourites at finishing with big choruses	3
Meh, I'm actually pissed at some of the people I usually defend for getting excited about this too.... we did lose our data.	4
It’s a highly catchy and enjoyable song, I really like it. Not everything should be lyrical miracle spiritual individual music	3
While the new Preds jerseys have grown on me a lot; I do looove Vegas' jerseys.	3
The numbers against EEA will go up once people realise it amounts to fuck all but still costs a fortune.	3
How do you deal with not having pushers? They’re literally our saviors in grocery since we never have time to zone over there...	5
thank you for your consideration but i like both	3
> On top of that, the article stated that some had even had their IUD ripped out by a partner. BLUUUUUURURRRRRRRGHHHHH WHYYYYYYY	5
Yeah no one is gonna do that and get reported to HR for bigotry.	0
It is fascinating that people spend billions of dollars on superhero fantasy yet they hate a real life superhero.	3
Idk how you can be definite about that considering [NAME] has never been rocked before.	5
just like [NAME] was going to win by 90+%? I'm not going to believe it until I see it.	5
We've allways a ear to rent you here in reddit, you little sensitive bigheart. Now time to feel good again, ok?	3
>Limes have autobreaking Ha! That's an amusing typo! You meant autobraking, I assume.	3
Yeah more and more I play BFV I just find myself wishing this thing or that thing was more like the old BF’s.	3
I love this subreddit	3
r/vaxxhappened. Fuck you Jan.	0
Immigrant children dying in state camps? Horrible. Healthcare for the poor and eldery? Also horrible! Got it.	4
It’s funny	3
Thank you so much❤	3
And mine?	5
exactly my condition, mate	3
We've lived together for 4 years. We do everything together.	3
Do you have any relatives who could support you?	5
So glad I have a 20 minute walk to work up in the Bay Area.	3
I can finally play 'Kabhi kabhi aaditi'. Only hindi song I listen to.	3
That’s a joke between our buddies. A euphemism of sorts...	3
So uh...what happened to men between 1990 and 1995? Why the huge spike?	5
I like Celtic fans more than Buck fans	3
I really only do this after a while if awkward silence, which may make it even more awkward tbh	4
That survival rate is skewed. It doesn't include the people who don't seek treatment because they can't afford it	0
Protesting in general is an emotional response. People’s attachment to their cause grows stronger in the face of confrontation and adversity.	3
There will always be a difference between a friend and a true friend	3
[NAME] why are there so many guendouzi haters?	5
I think it's kind of cute. Someone give her a megaphone, she's a gift for the GOP.	3
I love [NAME] :)	3
Haha I thought that was more subtle than something like HOO DINI or banana bus.	3
Topic change #4. This is getting sad.	4
Why should I get flayed? He's the one who sucks!	0
True, but it all started under [NAME] and will get even worse if Labour manages to get into government.	1
What is the least confusing racism to you	5
stupid science bitches	0
huh i didn’t even know that button existed	5
Learning to read was the worst mistake of my life	4
nah he only had one good year really	3
I would make a terrible partner. Fuck, I'm not even a good friend.	4
This makes me feel so much better about the things I’ve done that make me cringe.	3
Far more to do with being entirely irresponsible and dumb than anything related to benefits or tax claims.	4
Most people don't know the first thing about [NAME], so unsurprising.	0
oh shitttt. it’s upside down	5
Just saw your edit. What the crap. Guy was obviously creepy.	0
That’s when we realized straights dress like randomized sims	5
Get your mom professional help. Any grow person who runs away from their own home afterargument definitely has mental health issues	3
Sorry, every time I try a link post my post fails, I’m just doing a text post.	4
"Imagine ordering this. ""1000 burgers to the white house? Yeah ok buddy"" "	5
Hey easy there, she’s a nice lady	3
[NAME] WOULD NEVER USE [NAME]! HE'S A GOOD BOY!	3
It didn’t help [NAME]. He should have invested in a crosscut, it might have been a bigger challenge to put back together	0
What?! I am level 20 and I already had 4. I did 5 hide outs in total not counting the tutorial hide out.	5
Yeah because streaming services don’t pay their artists well enough	0
gotta love some Detroit Sports	3
I love how this is worded.	3
I actually should do that.....	3
Wow, I’m an idiot.	3
i believe this is [NAME] from [NAME] on instagram!! her owners are so sweet	3
I think he meant Centrifugal Bumblepuppy	3
While technically true, I think Spin-off generally has the connotation of being canon or at least appealing to canon.	3
Guilty :( I was ready to cry and everything >:(	4
Funny looking bats.	3
Shirt is cringey, but he’s right.	3
Get [NAME] back on the wing. Looks awful in this position	1
He isn't always. But right now. Shoot the ball whenever you want Young blood. Go head.	3
Cool story bro	3
Someone just needs a hug	3
I mean she’s barely into college so she’s only maybe 18-20 but to be this oblivious is pretty sad.	4
That’s exactly what I was thinking but doesn’t it sound super cool?!?	0
try to attract the guy that i like. other than that i love gaming drawing writing and watching tv.	3
Two wrongs don't make a right..	5
Sorry I meant the participants	4
Interesting I’ve never met any one IRL that met that way. Guess there must be some people meeting that way 😀	5
Either you're very high, or don't know how to construct thoughts in the English language.	0
As someone who is dairy intolerant (milk is in _everything _!!) this veganuary is awesome :D	3
Hey daddy [NAME]	3
I related to [NAME] so much in this moment. I hate that [NAME] gone when he reaches for him.	0
Two goals that are directly the fault of the our defense? I feel bad for [NAME]	4
My favorite explosion in all of Star Wars.	3
I mean idk everyone else I know knows but I just feel this identity is right for me	3
I know this might be an unpopular opinion from reading this post but I have a gut feeling that [NAME] and [NAME] would pair up really well together.	0
Damn that was ugly	1
"The weird part of our ""rivalry"" is that some people bought into it."	0
This makes me smile!	3
Until you provide a valid source nobody cares what your theory is. So it's downvoted.	0
I’m in my second year. Still closeted. Still uncomfortable with my body and sexuality. Still socially awkward.	4
No noodlebox for you then. Sorry.	4
"""Get the fuck out of the fucking chair"", or something to that avail."	0
United wins the championship and then profits 20 million off this transfer? Rest of the MLS needs to take notes and catch up	5
Bonus: her infamous bizarre introduction video. Truly frightening	2
Slightly too pissed off with this comment to merely downvote. Not angry enough to begin tirade. Lunchbreak ruined.	0
I was wondering if that would happen. The story I first read was crazy.	5
I’m surprised they arnt argonians	5
Imagine being an Iowa AND Northwestern basketball fan this year...	3
Who the hell is that. I only got my account 2 months ago	0
Apparently [NAME] is realizing that it looks bad when he isn't performing governance duties.	5
I’m crying omfg	4
You dirty scavenger	1
[NAME] was damn near 293 hoopin? Im dyin.	5
Can you fucking not	0
Two different writers have two differing opinions??? I'm shocked, just absolutely shocked, I tell you!	5
You don't hand your baby to perfect strangers in public. You keep them close and mitigate exposure to the best of your ability.	0
Expect the unexpected [NAME] funding secured.	3
I'm hopeful for [NAME] as well!	3
I bet there's something delicious in there that hornets do make	3
This is petty af but I'm in	3
I watched that one, her butt is real lol	3
Good luck dude, it probably won’t be as bad as you think	3
I've got no idea who you are but thanks for trying anyway.	3
thanks mate! I haven’t given that idea much thought, i’ll give it a shot next time i’m home	3
This is hilarious	3
Yeah it seems like that lol I just wish they are playing a more or less team game and help you out.	3
sadly it is ;-;	4
Franz Ferdinand are awful too	1
Politics in the KRG are some of the dumbest and most petty of the Middle East.	0
Not when it’s literally contradicted and not corroborated by every other one of that witnesses’s witnesses.	0
So he “wants to be in Denver”. Hooray. Can we hire the best guy instead?	5
Yes! Actor [NAME]. Really talented.	3
Finishing peeing and then still feeling like you have to pee.	1
Our road still hasn’t been salted on Troy Hill	4
Which one is it?	5
They're awesome live too. Non-stop jamming. Seen them a bunch of times live.	3
Hears hoping, best of luck	3
That was amazing!	3
it was amazing	3
Ohhh you're an incel. Your opinion doesn't matter. Back in your hole smeegle	0
Mornings can be hard, lol.	3
I got into law school, and now I’m finally tackling my addiction to video games to make sure I graduate :)	3
Right. Boiling frogs. But I feel more hope today than I have since any day in the last two years except November 6, 2018.	3
Who the hell thinks he isn’t overpaid	0
I'm glad for that. Once that check comes in, I only have about $3000 to work with.	3
Same here! Although I just try to be happy whenever I am with my child.	3
.... That literally made my stomach clench. I can't believe they are charged for the samples... Just eww.	1
Can't believe he took the time to count that. They both seem a bit obssesed.	5
[NAME] doesn't get a vote [NAME]! Get the fuck out of here with this nonsense.	0
Are you serious?	5
I was chuckling the whole time I read this, I would have loved to be there	3
"To be fair, it is a wild sentence. ""I have genital herpes and a BMI of 31."" As if they're related lol"	3
"""Eh"" Love it. "	3
I appreciate the hell out of this.	3
This is scripted, it's actually a remake/homage of an old [NAME] and [NAME] skit from a few decades ago. I love it!	3
Your VR program is a *game* changer I see what you did there, [NAME]	3
Well, that sucks	0
makes no sense, troll harder	0
Personally, I thank the half hour that wake up thread existed for this W	3
You're still going after this man, you posted from your alt account, give it up and take the L. It's not emasculating at all.	0
Good idea!	3
This is my biggest pet hate of all time!	0
Ok well I hate to break it to you but I'm a magical pink unicorn...posting something on the internet does not make it true	0
This shit got me rolling LMFAO	3
I wish I could go, but I can’t. Do enjoy your time and I pray it is spiritually fruitful for you!	3
at this point if you couldnt figure out that most [NAME] here dont actually support [NAME], you must have some problems	4
He did a [NAME] score? ... yup, that's how unmemorable it was	5
I was just a little disappointed that there is no audible/visible reaction by the character when visiting the graves (also trying to avoid spoilers).	4
For you, the day the bison frolicked in the snow was the cutest time in your life, but for me...it was Tuesday.	3
Bipolar and talented. I am jealous. Incredibly beautiful.	3
Opposite reaction to the right trying to demonize her. The obsession with her from the right is insane.	5
Oh she dead	4
Oh yeah, thanks!	3
Right on. The cities are where you can find some of the most virgin girls.	3
Not a good sound, a glorious sound.	3
Of course :) thanks for reading it!	3
Nah, reviewable offsides is pretty bad	4
I totally have second-hand embarrassment for my parents. It's equally bad when they misspell something in their email address (i.e: posion instead of poison) 🙄	4
i do not want Wil gone. i love the kid	3
You'd think we don't have anymore tears already... It's been 62 years of crying.	4
Its an unpopular opinion because it kind of makes you sound lika a douchebag and its lowkey homophobic edit:meant to reply to [NAME]	0
You are welcome! I am so happy it worked :))	3
Keep working at it with your partner. I hope it all works out for you.	3
I know it sucks and it isn't like it's a new perk multiple swf probably all have it by now	3
Hope not. That would be a bad decision.	0
Ah St.Tiernan's up to no good as usual.	3
Same pigs who bombed a mosque full of kids learning Quran. In Shaa'Allah those terrorists will burn in hell	0
Lol I’d leave my work phone off and be like, nope didn’t see any calls lol	3
Japan is awesome.	3
It's brainwashing. When you have people keep pleasuring themselves, they're easier to manipulate.	3
This keeps getting posted. I think not	0
Can confirm. He went political with his comedy though, which doesn't work for conservatism	3
Ok dude!	3
Great setup.	3
I love finding people like this because there’s always at least one	3
This is the full-circle EP story I came here for. Made my morning. Thanks Aunt [NAME]!	3
Kids Day in Toronto, Leafs STHs donate their tickets to kids so there's like 10,000 kids in the arena today. Pretty cool thing they started last year	3
Just got my nose pierced last week! So fun to have the freedom. :)	3
Be more supportive, think about the long road not the moment.	3
My problem was that Flashpoint ended in 1 episode, when it could've been an entire arc	4
I cant decide if replacing it with an icecream cone would make it better or worse or incredibly worse and also cursed	5
Being a complete idiot and blocking a road in front of a bar. Which is where most cops tend to hang out trolling for DUIs at 2 am.	0
That is fantastic.	3
My ex asked me to tell her my steam password..... With more than 6000€ worth of stuff on it. No thanks.	0
While lifting, loving yourself, and just being confident bro.	3
We will fam. Enjoy [NAME]. hes a great kid and has a crazy high ceiling	3
I. Love. This. Team.	3
That’s not a very humble opinion at all.	0
I can feel that already, I'm already getting pain at time with it, but I can only imagine the pain after for healing.	4
Weird but interesting nonetheless.	3
You're giving her too much credit.	0
Well said.	3
Where did you hear this? Sorry I never heard of this and I'm kinda interested now	4
Man, I can’t believe we traded all that and didn’t even get a top 10 guy	5
Is her fake chin totally to the right of where it should be here?	5
They both do! Like wow!!!	3
Hell, no. Teenagers just aren't that interesting.	4
Not against us this season, apparently.	0
> [NAME] My god we have to stop with some of these advanced statistics, it’s legit getting ridiculous.	0
Thanks. Didn't quite catch all that.	3
oppressed by nature!	0
#I am relaxed	3
I'd ask him how he plans to spend his days once he gets out.	5
I love the outfit that [NAME] is wearing	3
Ah I didn't know that. I meant this [NAME] ad:	5
Thanks dude, speaking of the Sahara thay is how dry our texting has gotten. Any tips to spark it back up?	3
I just can't believe she had the nerve to call both [NAME] and [NAME] low ability	5
Also, the phone is set to another language than the one being spoken, which is a bit weird.	0
LMAO I love hockey	3
Wasn't the scar originally across his nose but [NAME] moved it?	5
I loved that show. “The [NAME] is back!”	3
I'm planning to see one, without my parents knowing though :/ I really hope it gets better. I can't seem to take it anymore.	3
The worst is ‘get in a group with someone you don’t already know’	1
Interesting theory. I like your science. I just like the taste and wear protective clothing in case it falls apart.	3
Student of the game. Amazing physical attributes and devastating punching power. Humble enough to take bits and pieces from legends	3
alright, i'll be the one to say it. the tongue looks like an orange penis, congrats	3
They weren’t even that good mostly don’t @ me	0
Just remember we’re all silly looking, gangly monkey things living on a rock floating through nothing, all trying to be cool. Have fun	3
Rightfully so. I had it as a child and it was the worst experience in my life. I'm also vulnerable for shingles now. Yaaay.	4
I really like him goat and [NAME] on the 4th line. They've been real solid. Absolute beauty of a first goal. Congrats, trevor.	3
Love the snow suit.	3
I just forgot that arguing with people on the internet is useless and like talking to a wall. So Im out.	5
Uh . . . Uh . . . I'm not feeling so well.	4
The first half is able to run on the momentum of being stupid fun, the second half falls apart really quick.	4
Not really, it can bind *itself* (though not future incarnations) otherwise none of the laws would mean anything.	0
After listening to the lecture, I’ve concluded that there’s no way this kid isn’t a redditor	5
Sadly, that theory is plausible in the lds inc realm of thinking.	4
Mmm I dunno about that 😊 but thank you	3
Shit, they don’t go down!? That blows	4
I learned that recently driving into SLC for the first time in the rain/snow. I couldn't see shit. 1/10 Was scary.	2
I was pleasantly surprised that I couldn’t think of anything I broke at my last retail job but... you’re right, that was it	5
I'm sorry, do people NOT listen to [NAME] 9th while driving?	3
yep. I feel guilty for throwing them out but they're basically useless.	4
If you have a pelvic kidney and some back pain, I know of the perfect hospital in Florida for you.	3
Fact, the sky is orange. And if you think it’s blue, you’re stupid	0
I just ate my last teva those are my favorite	3
Say it with me! S! A! T! I! R! E! What does that spell? SATIRE!!!	3
That’s awesome! VPD and the Mounties should do the same here.	3
It’s funny u should go check it out	3
I tried that. It doesn't work out very well. You become a machine.	4
Thanks for not showing her picture. I just had lunch.	3
This is amazing news for the Giants. If either of these guys are available at 6 they should literally sprint to the podium.	3
Damn, u right.	3
Lol, well if it's any consolation, I thought it was funny	3
I fully endorse the oppression and eventual extermination of all gamers.	3
Nope, nope, nope and HELL NOPE!	0
Maybe 2 years ago the time wasn't right for your relationship and now it is. It's been long enough to give it a second chance imo.	0
it only flatters them when they’re posed a certain way. but other than that, it looks awful and uncomfortable	1
Because it's fun?	5
Lol I wish	3
He's an adorable person.	3
Are you honestly being serious? I have a hard time believing that you can afford it	5
I think we can all agree that this is the right answer.	3
[NAME] a bastard man	0
And why do you have low self esteem?	5
And that was more or less the manager's position on it. He was obviously trying very hard not to call her stupid to her face.	5
This is probably the most realistic if we throw in a 1st,	3
Don’t like blood of the dead by the looks of it.	0
I'm not sure what you're speaking of, but I suspect it may be specific to your state.	5
Thank you. ❤️	3
This is the first time I’ve ever been reposted. I’m honored	3
That chick at the end. She just gets sucked onto the floor by pure sexual magnetism. 😂	3
It never came into my mind that I'm being edgy, my friend. I'm not worried.	3
Fair enough. But he’d basically become an off tank with all that healing lol. I already get raped by reaper enough (tank main)	3
I like it I just wish he’d drop the m and apostrophe	3
First impressions don't need more then a day. Not to Mention 10 raids and tons of pvp I'll be fine.	3
Yeah i miss lectures for this exact reason. Its pretty bad, but what can ya do :/	4
Anyone know how high of a fall that was? Edit: ~4 seconds of falling. .5 X 9.8 X 4^2 = ~78 feet.	5
My vote... snow will mainly be in the mountains. Good thing to help with the summer drought.	3
Surprisingly, not a lot of people know though.	5
So precious! Thanks for sharing Give me animals pics over human babies any day~	3
Back to back against Nashville and Vegas. Fuck I love this team.	3
What’s funny is these objectively corrupt sacks of shit were bitching about made up Liberal “corruption”.	3
I feel his pain. Bad dxm trips are the most terrifying thing in the moment but they're way more forgiving than bad psych trips	4
Not true. Our knowledge of it is derived from the fossil record, which is geological.	0
Gee I wish.	3
Never once is it implied that the birds can sense crazy people.	3
Shut the fuck up, loser.	0
Same. Wasn't good enough. Left broken. Edit: more broken	4
Ii can't believe you just said that!	5
Go buy some stand-offs. The stop the ladder from falling sideways.	5
Wow! I’ve never seen so many deleted comments, and that’s saying something.	5
What about urban [NAME] supporters who are socially liberal and want to see tax dollars used efficiently?	5
Thanks, I felt underappreciated until now!	3
I am only sharing what my friends said, what their experience was. I found that a bit surprising.	5
Yeh lol. Reddit acts as if he's hitler when he doesnt even get that many views. I	3
thanks this isn’t incredibly triggering for me (and a bunch of others) or anything	3
When I harass women with innuendo and they politely deflect, they know I am right. At least that's what I told the judge.	3
I think the flairs get removed if a team hasn't been to a major in a certain amount of time. Don't quote me on that though.	0
I didn’t know that existed. Thanks, stranger.	3
Yea the flash fan combo’s purpose is literally for killing one person. Idk what he’s talking about. Lmao	3
this makes me miss my girflriend	4
Hyde Park was beautiful this morning, frosty grass and the morning sun just catching the trees enough to make them glow.	3
Me too. Damn that damsel in distress syndrome	0
Oh. My heart!	5
I think they’re gonna keep her a surprise.	5
The best workd record	3
I think the comment is highly relevant, thank you for posting it.	3
omg you got me, what do i do now, pls help	3
Cool! Thanks for responding! ;)	3
blocking [NAME] run ? Very bad	5
I don't generally find the CBO projections very accurate in retrospect. Some of their accounting practices and metrics seem error prone.	0
Oh yes! You're great.	3
Well that makes it easy. Thanks again. I'll look into it.	3
I unfortunately can not afford a lawyer. Luckily the only thing that we shared is our daughter	4
I wanna tell the antivaxxers how wonderful it is to deal with insulin shots and everything else and tell them to screw off. :3	3
It's so goddamn funny.	3
I always wanted to be an actor! Always found it fun to emulate and/or imitate others	3
Unfortunately not. 😏	4
This fuck needs to sthaaaaap	0
Don't be afraid to go through therapy.	3
suck me beautiful	3
Should start at 1mg and see how you feel	5
Phone calls are the ultimate nightmare !!	2
So the [NAME] invading an even whiter Westeros full of [NAME]?	5
And the problem?	5
I do to! We all heard a huge crash and bang and I ran over expecting the worse. Was truly a miracle	3
I loooooove Tiff!!!	3
Thanks for the gold kind stranger	3
That's not what follows from that at all.	0
How about as a whole we just hate snow	0
That sounds very sketchy to me. I would be thinking he’s with another girl TBH	0
Happy late birthday :) I hope you got to spend it with someone/doing something that makes you feel happy and whole.	3
RDR singleplayer, not whatever the fuck that online is	0
Goalpost shifting much?	5
Indescribably beautiful.	3
Yeah who knows how many indictments [NAME] is gonna rack up retroactively? It could be hundreds! /s	5
When will this finish	5
Omg I really thought it was a new word for me, not debacle 😂😂😂 she didn’t even try	5
> Sleeping next to someone I knew my wife is trying to kill me!	2
No, a plot hole means that your story lacks logical consistency	0
Not too much, I’m talking to a girl right now that’s 5 years younger than me lol.	3
Spiritual shorthand. You nailed it. That term says it all. They've become so practiced in it that it has become meaningless.	3
You might be right. Not everybody is going to find their way the same as I did.	3
They do get an awful lot of upvotes, so they seem to have at least some support from others.	3
A stunning place, you will need lots of cuddles to stay warm though!	3
Anybody think maybe we’re the mystery team in on [NAME]? At this point I wouldn’t be surprised.	5
Posting someone elses camp on reddit? Really? haha.	3
Not sure why you're trying to shove spoiler hints into the face of someone who explicitly said they just finished chapter 1 but more power to you I guess	5
Thank you! It sucks but not being a zombie is so worth it!	3
This makes me unfathomably angry.	0
Yeah. Why throw a wrench into a handy conviction?	5
So, just a super verbose tone trolling?	5
so [NAME] isn't necessarily as dumb as she literally appears... I've always liked her for some reason.	3
Can we get a moment of silence for the passing of the video game boy?	4
sorry im deaf i can’t hear you	4
I know, you see somehow the world is changing me and its so wonderful	3
I really want to know what the coordinates he gave him are	3
This is absolutely lerfect, fantastic lunchpine.	3
She doesn't have to pay anything this is just an opinion of a lawyer. No court ordered that.	0
I still think he should have been the first goalie in the 2014 World Cup. But alas that injury ruined everything.	4
> not broken I beg to differ.	0
I like flirting so this is what I enjoy doing, plus ordinary flirting is outcome independent. Direct approach is outcome dependent. Either way it's all part of the fun!	3
"I love you so much. > **""putas""** Qué eres mi que? (don't how can i translate it)"	3
Bidets are disgusting. In america, we use toilet paper because our plumbing systems can take it	1
[NAME]. Yeah, right. Lol	3
Rule 2, 3, and 7. Impressive. Goodbye.	3
Thank you for this video	3
I love humans	3
the ALTERNATE caption! good thinking!	3
His base is too large to knock him off. Unless he gets impeached/indicted/god knows what, he’ll probably be it (sadly).	4
Oh you know they’re BOTH going for it.	5
I agree I think this version of pac has the biggest chance against floyd	3
Sorry for hopping on this. But anyone know of any bars in Hamburg to watch the match	5
Goddamn right!	0
Ah fuck.	4
I TOO AM HUMAN AND I SENSE A JOKE HA YES I AGREE WITH YOIR LEVEL OF ABSTRACTION.	3
Same director for both series, and one of the best in the business.	3
I prefer having the TV in the background more than music. Music is something I enjoy in the car or walking in the city.	3
Just think of the awesome stories though!	3
Interesting. I’m very against the death penalty.	0
yeah he was a good defender in Utah	3
Thank you :) I'll try to stay positive	3
The best, besides the hundreds of other games that are better. You know, like how Mcdonald's has the best food in the world.	3
I also relate (and regret)	4
i agree he is pretty average but the guy i was responding him was calling him ugly which i find pretty ridiculous	3
I was trying to make the point that the patient is still having a seizure; it's just not visible because they are paralyzed.	2
I liked the magic but it's really superfluous. Dr [NAME] is literally just ironman with a bad accent, like why does this exist	3
It looks fun as hell too, from what I can tell. I’d love to give it a whirl	3
The amount of people there saying water is free is astounding. How out of touch with reality can you be?	5
"I love that logic ""I don't like it so it must not exist."""	3
Feels like cod	3
Err. Lol, I guess.	3
Fierljeppen heck!	0
Thank you so much, fehduhp! I will tell her this.	3
Hope you're still doing ok ❤✌	3
Woah I never thought of that... thank you!I'll say my news resolution is to bake more lol	3
Get some colloidal silver and put that in your eye so it doesn’t get infected!!!	3
For the love of [NAME] gobget the tweezers!	3
I think you're right. She has oodles of cash and young grandchildren to enjoy. Going through that hideous gauntlet again probably isn't that appealing.	3
She's cute but she's got that crazy look, the type of girl that would cut your d*ck off. 😬	3
I have, I've always wanted to celebrate Christmas and actually have a more closer family	3
Ok thanks for your help!	3
i just wanted to thank you. it took long to find a place where i can voice my thoughts	3
Second quote is [NAME], I will Remember You. She's a great singer :)	3
> You don’t get to whitewash Libertarianism’s racist roots. Please educate me on this or educate yourself:	0
Aww I love it, she looks really cute with short hair!	3
thanks heaps it actually did help [NAME] good man, saved	3
This one is by [NAME]! Your suggestion was funny to me, and you've been blessed with your joke being DR Onion #20!	3
Oh but they will be sweet photos to look at in the future.	3
I have this shirt I love it with a burning passion	3
Love both flags man! I was on my college campus today in my old Thrashers hat while wearing my Jets sweatshirt. Go Jets! Have fun!	3
there's a thai restaurant in my husband's hometown that makes pad thai delicious enough to make me cry. i look forward to it every time we visit	3
[NAME] is one of my favorite [NAME]. I would love for him to come home to LA	3
This South Florida girl loves Jaxons Ice Cream. Seeing the kitchen sink makes me want to drive home.	3
It's great with Brave	3
You're welcome, eh	3
I second this. All signs point towards him biding his time until the next election and hopefully solidifying his place to expunge the filth.	3
Kerastase. Redken is pretty good, too.	3
Holy shit! No way in hell I'd get that close to DFW in a Cessna!	5
For me, I tend to (over)share with friends, but also get offended at trivial questions like you.	0
WHEW that was quite a stretch lad. Gotta do some deep breathing to stretch that far.	3
I got into one building, but I’m planning on going back soon. pictures ^	3
This is what I’ve come to expect from this community. Good job	3
I got confused for a second and thought why would you pay for your ex's trip	5
One of the greatest moments of my life, to date	3
That was a brutal shift. Honestly he should be playing sheltered minutes. Team needs [NAME] and [NAME] back, give bulk of his minutes to [NAME].	0
Damn it, I only have 6 comments on this sub, I don’t qualify😞	4
You are the parent your grandson deserves. Your daughter will regret the pain she has caused.	4
I think 2020 will be the year it'll start to really crumble. 2019 is the year we still have to work really hard to make that happen.	3
Jfc, that's depressing.	2
That's a great idea!	3
Ask and you shall receive. Thanks man	3
Yeah sorry about that I don't mean it.	4
Me too, whenever my friends get with people I dont feel happy for them. I just feel envy and rage.	0
Aaaaaand they turned it off. Terrible roads everywhere.	0
Thanks for sharing! I've got some smoothie recipes to start me out and the one I bought today at a local shop seemed to help a bit.	3
It is bad tho.	0
Please tell me how you feel about [NAME] and [NAME] again once you've finish with your manufactured outrage.	5
Twas delicious friend	3
One time my old Teacher made our entire country leave the European Union...thanks Mr. [NAME]...	3
Hahaha love it	3
It was white, just had some black beads on the bodice. Thanks, that was really interesting!	3
Lol, believe me you would know.	3
They're wrong I don't like math and I'm still ugly	0
Yeah, but you get the honor back for skinning them as 'Resourceful'	3
Just as a curiosity I wonder what [NAME] would offer for someone like him in light of their desperation at forward.	5
“Regain the fan base”. How immature do you have to be to believe that everyone agrees with you.	4
Is that how friendship works? Holy crap, I've been missing out!	5
I love CO2.... ... as carbonation in beer and soda.	3
Your nan and dad are both trash. I am so glad you were able to pull yourself up and rise above. 💕	3
All the signs, except his username, seemed legit. I also clicked. Now I just want to forget all about what I've just seen...	4
[NAME] is a traitor to this country.	0
They are looking pretty stacked this year	3
# 5 at the end of that clip... Teammate love	3
You've got time to turn it around. I promise you. You can get there.	3
Gift from [NAME]	3
aha, guilty	4
oh yes, we are.	3
Eesh, really sorry for your loss.	4
It gave me a laugh. xD	3
honestly I dig it, though [NAME] could rock it better than anyone ever could!	3
As much as I don’t like his splits would have liked him on that contract that’s a huge miss for the dodgers imo.	0
Okay, thanks Discord. ~~I hate it.~~	3
Interesting. Is it cool to say colored person now?	5
I wishhhh. She’s honestly what started getting me the fuck away from centrism	1
I was joking about the flowers, BTW. I love flowers.	3
> Skyshout overly dramatic, you think they let the paramedic shake it, or is it a Dr skill?	5
Smart guy.	3
Definitely bitter, lol.	3
[NAME] is scared out there. Didnt want the ball	2
Yeah, and I always thought the dude in these comics was supposed to be like 30 years old.	3
My dogs are obsessed with eating the cat poop from the litter box!! Really gross lol	3
Well if you don’t enjoy fishing, lucky you, there are various other activities in this game which can net you decent cash.	3
I apologised an very long time ago as I was wrong at this point you are beating a dead horse	4
I always thought of the sound of lakes freezing on cold nights. It's pretty surreal in itself.	3
It’s a shame, I’ve had numerous friends with disabilities but I’ve never treated them any less then my friends without.	4
Can't jab him outta this wind up unblockable lol	3
All of Leviticus is wonderful and interesting. (But I do get the point you are making).	3
I love the comradely for finding the source	3
Some of my fraternity brothers came over, but I’m not sure if it makes a difference	5
"I love that! We need a ""We have cookies"" line for her, now!"	3
I've only seen the beginning of this video...until today.	3
Guys his username is [NAME]. I really don’t think he’s serious.	0
Stupid science bitch	0
Two year old account with all posts deleted. This is an interesting way to use a shill account.	3
You conveniently forgot nearly killing a toddler by throwing furniture out of a 14 story window.	0
Pretty sure they claimed he resisted arrest. If I remember correctly he was just peacefully sitting on the curb when the cops decided he was resisting.	0
No. It cannot. It's a dangerous fantasy (unironically)	0
it's a damn shame.	4
Ha you're hilarious. Upvoted	3
Atonement is just something else. [NAME] is just so lovely in his writing.	3
Showering with someone feels more intimate than sex for me...and I don't like it.	0
What a great reason to have kids.	3
One of my favs was when we were in the playoffs against the Habs and we won all five fights in a line brawl	3
Not sure why this is sitting at -10. Thanks for your concise explanation of both sides.	3
Guess it's a good thing he cant feel them anymore	3
No. I make jokes about it, and so does he but he doesn't actually know.	3
I would love it. I'm financially responsible and it would send me a signal that you are as well.	3
She even tweeted the Ghost Adventures crew, oh wow.	3
Makes sense. Thanks for the rational and respectful comment	3
We used to do a lot of terrible shit in the past that’s not a good argument	0
Way too tired for work today so taking the day off. Feels pretty great!	3
Glad you found it!	3
You live in a wonderful fantasy world where all the students will pretend they are not adolescents with raging hormones. Charming.	3
And then a glorious sports-free summer until football camp opens in August!	3
So what you’re saying is that the frogs used to use the chemicals on us? Oh, how the tables have turned.	5
"I like this one, it's not a ""when you"" meme."	3
Is that a sattiva or an indica?	5
what app is this? i see the layout every now and then i’m just curious	5
That feels nice.	3
I love being down by 10+ constantly.... I feel like [NAME] gets dominated by literally everyone.	3
This is a reliable estimate. It could happen as early as in the 2020’s if were unlucky	4
I like this.	3
Once again if you base your worth/purpose on some base primal act, you're pathetic	1
Happy just came out	3
Ive missed this kind of rant. Thank you. Thank you so much.	3
"Holy shit. I remember sleeping on the back window ""ledge"" in my parents' car! I haven't thought about that in years."	0
Fuuuuck. I am so angry that this can even happen.	0
lol why would we leave the PL’s top scorer on the bench	3
Yeah it's takes some time but use all that negative energy and focus on yourself.	3
Ouch! My hear sank. Don’t do this to me.	0
Why the fuck would I post something on r/niceguys and pretend to be the woman talking shit about myself?	0
I love that he wears the rad suits. You do you Mr [NAME].	3
"And then he comes back after Wallmark's goal with, ""A little Swedish Sizzle!"" Best play-by-play announcer in the business. Love him!"	3
Oh definitely. When you work for the gov't you root for the party looking to expand it. Maybe that's how you'll get a raise right?	3
I wish I hada dog who is as good of a boy as him	3
Totally amazing that some peoples' egos can't even handle being honked at.	0
So good to see [NAME] back, looks like he hasn't lost a step.	3
Thank you. It feels better knowing that this is not an unheard of thing.	3
I love 4 and 5 just as much as the early seasons. You can't recapture lightning in a bottle; I'm just glad they kept at it.	3
This will either be a classic or a complete shitshow	0
Wtf is this lmao god I hate reddit	0
I always wondered how testicles sound when popping.... hoping that it would never happen to me.	3
I just went to post this but you beat me to it lol	3
What he said is entirely untrue fyi	0
I cannot help but get a sense of schadenfreude when a seemingly shitty person ruins their own career right before my eyes. ☕️	0
Wow. What is wrong with you	4
Dude nice catch lol	3
Interesting, I'll scoop some	3
What is this from?	5
Well damn.	0
I see. Never get bored is my main goal :)	3
Love it!	3
lol i’m mean and i know it, it’s because i’m a pisces bitch 👅👅💅🏻💅🏻💅🏻💅🏻💅🏻	3
"I have never heard the term ""glucose guardian""! Where did that come from? I'm stealing it."	5
But that floor is so nice and shiny...	3
Thanks, fixed it	3
I love all weightloss shows but that one doesn’t interest me at all	3
ISN'T YOUR CLUB RUN BY A JABBA-THE-HUT-LOOKING DONALD-TRUMP-ACTING MORON WITH A ~~FIVE SIX SEVEN TEN~~ FIFTEEN YEAR PLAN?	5
Very surprised he didn't frog leap at the guy the close the distance	5
[NAME] would've had to get lucky on that one. Can't give up that opportunity.	0
Nah, lady will come to the resc... oh, sorry, forgot	4
Yea that makes sense. It seems like just another ploy for attention on her end 🤷‍♀️	3
So unsatisfying that it didn’t end with a pit maneuver.	4
I think Judge came in a little too late so he’ll need to be amazing for the next 8 years	5
lol not wearing any clothes in the pic	3
I believe that you should tell him, tell him lovingly it may help him understand how much you were really hurting	3
My dads dislocated his twice. If it happens once, the knee is sometimes weakened which means it can happen again easily.	3
what's wrong with animal crossing :(	5
Teenagers are teenagers. We dont really care about our spelling anyways. Unfortunate that everyone who corrects them gets downvoted to the underworld though	3
it always depends on person and dosage. get products with only dex youll thank yourself for it.	3
That's what worries me the most - the exposed glans. Is there anything you can recommend so I can prepare myself for underwear etc?	5
that's nice :)	3
I hope it was somebody else's.	3
"""I lost control"" would have been an understandable explanation. ""It lost control"" is not. "	0
Out of curiosity, did [NAME] mention autism?	5
“I’ll never step foot in a gym again”	0
Oh, those dreadful things. I gave those away.	2
The perfect amount of salt for me	3
What an absolute professional.	3
I have to watch it. Sounds pretty cool hahaha	3
[NAME] pretty famous for that. I love the show but there is an entire episode that is blatant anti-nuclear energy fear mongering.	3
they sounds like autistic meltdowns triggered by an immense fear of vomiting, nothing much to do	0
If you don’t include AZ in your 3, you’re wrong.	0
Beautiful view!	3
The fuck you call me!? A cunt!? Damn man, didn’t know I meant so much to you, right in the feels.	0
I don't think [NAME] is on the cast list for Episode IX, so I doubt Phasma will be coming back again.	5
All I see is a missed opportunity to pet a wolf tummy.	4
Damnit, you beat me to it.	4
TYM is the best place for that kind of thing.	3
Kids in Africa could have eaten those cigarettes.. :( Kidding. Good for you man. Congrats!	3
Fast as [NAME] will carry me. Seriously uptown to downtown via Claiborne or broad isn’t that bad	3
I’m a big Spider-Man fan and this looks terrible compared to Spider-verse and the PS4 game.	1
damn those unlimited lorries. Must be in a hurry to get back to Cork.	0
might be two people on their phone. I'm guessing they had a green light at the time.	5
Ah, then apologies for my ignorance, and thank you	3
Did you make him finish the meal before he got the toy?	5
Yes. Those are all the words from the gif. Good job guys.	3
Sorry, spelling [NAME] Smearing* Motherfukers*	0
Imagine being that much of a useless parasite	0
You’re a kind soul who deserves a pair of $250 coach sunglasses	3
Better than the posted joke! thanks!	3
I swear if he is drafted as a father son to Gold Coast, I wont be happy	0
Nice pen.	3
I just want to know what the experience of meeting himself was like.	5
> we should ally with them in organization for change lol good luck with that	3
It fucking better have draft assets	3
She's a person of color, they instantly hate her lol.	3
Not censoring usernames is against Reddit’s rules...	0
What an amazing guy.	3
Wow, kinda lame that if this true, most of us probably don't know about it.	5
Holy shit I grew up in Sugar Land! Moved to Philly. Didn’t expect to see it on reddit today. This made my day.	3
Even when drinking, I would remember that D is 13, not 14. Semper Nerdalis.	3
I'm poly and jn the Raleigh area too, moved here for my wife's job, surprised to find so many people mention it haha.	5
that's weird, I thought we already had too many outfielders? edit: this was a joke.	5
Do kids even know who Papa Smurf is these days?	5
We are very clumsy creatures. Eventually you just learn to laugh it off. *The crying comes later when no one is around*	4
I heard Netflix was cutting a bunch of content so I'm going to cancel and drop all the content myself! 4d chess move baby!	0
And the douche social media obsessed guy who left the used condom on the side table!	0
I'm so proud of this community	3
When everyone is lying who are you supposed to believe ?	0
It's cool and fun and a nice change of pace but I want my hidden blades back next game.	3
I'm really concerned for those 3200'ish people who voted yes	3
Clean your room, bucko!	0
[NAME] is my favorite qb prospect and I've been watching football for 11 years	3
yeah (my bad I should've mentioned this)	4
That...that was way more disturbing than the top level sub. What the fuck?	0
I like the game tonight	3
slander? it's only slander if it's untrue, and all I said was that you don't grasp satire, which is obviously true.	3
Sorry, your diverse, inclusive baby was aborted.	4
Haha i love chinese food	3
How is ot unreasonable. You take responsebility for what you breed. This natalist perversion is disgusting. The product didnt fail you. You failed the product.	0
Yup. Soft serve turd special	3
Second this. You can cycle along Maribyrnong river for most of it which is pretty relaxing. Fast and healthy too.	3
You might want to let your attorney know about this encounter. I wish I could send you some teabags and a hug.	3
Yes, In the edit, after I already made my comment.	3
Honest mistake but I deserve and will accept the shame xxxx	4
I laughed at this	3
Her bi energy is so strong tbh	3
I think I like em even more lol	3
Thank you for sharing!	3
My phone won’t let me open the article, how much did he win?	5
Its interesting how it's become so mythologised and based on a large mount of fiction (tanks on the streets, English soldiers)	3
Thank you 🙂	3
Happens every time. Your just playing the with your sibling and then someone accidently hits the other and it turns in to world war 3.	5
Yo this [NAME] was literally pulling moves out of the Hitman games jumping over to your balcony. Thats terrifying.	2
Very entertaining matchup. I really hope we can squeak out the win.	3
Well then just ice it (if you haven’t already) and hope for the best	3
Depending on your specs. Insurgency sandstorm is my go to game. Coop is also a blast.	3
Do something you’ll love and you’ll never work a day in your life? Huh, strange	3
I don’t like it.	0
But what’s wrong with mayo	5
Fuck people that don't like pbr, only cheap bear I'll drink next to natty boh	0
We are simply comrades in feed! Accept this glorious future!!	3
I hope you stay as warm and safe as you can ❄💙	3
Welp, I'm an idiot. Even better on you for going through the trouble to give credit, then.	0
I will let my nonexistent child die, thats all right with me!	4
No just take care of your body!!! Fuck that	0
Cancel your trip, man. This shit all too much for you	3
They’re pretty great for a budget airline.	3
How dare you do [NAME] like this.	0
Starting super simple helps; compliment strangers! Nothing else - smile, compliment and keep walking your merry way. Hell of a confidence booster too	3
Hey I thought she was cute the whole time. I was also 12 though and she cute.	3
I almost feel bad for China.... but the culture has a major problem with having 0 morals.	4
Thank you, I will check it out once I get home :D	3
"So your sticking by the term ""extremist"" for this massive chunk of the population."	0
What happened with [NAME] and [NAME]? I fell asleep!	5
Why is it impossible? Can we not manage our own education and incentivise people into the fields we need them?	5
The service made it 20 years ago (1999, yeah ikr 1999 was 20 YEARS AGO?)	5
That or spot up shooting. I like the confidence though, he’s not scared to expand his game.	3
I never used an escalator until I was about 16 and I still remember moving stairs scaring the hell out of me	2
i love them on the grill with italian sausage they turn so sweet,	3
Clever, original, and a little knotty. Nice work.	3
/s. There you go. I have magically inverted the meaning of my comment and removed all inconvenient truth from it	0
Thank you that’s so sweet! PM me if you want!	3
The Melo FA is why I got a Twitter account I was an F5 machine that summer.	5
Sorry I now see how that was unclear, I mean being a unicorn on the internet by admitting you may have been wrong	4
Nobody said it would but it *does* fix one problem.	3
Awkwardly remembering all of those promises I made mid-panic attack...	4
Dude I love working OC. You can bounce around like 4 different districts	3
That's a huge shame and says more about Sacks than it does anything else.	4
"""Can I speak to the Suns' manager?"""	5
You win some you lose some. Still love my mavs.	3
My heart is breaking for that little girl.	4
I feel terrible for their daughter. I wouldnt want to grow up in between the middle of that.	4
I really liked [NAME] tbh	3
This is awesome. You can really see how little wasted motion [NAME] had—everything looked effortless.	3
Agree but 2015/2016 KAT != 2018 KAT	3
No. Can’t wait till it’s legal here	0
[NAME] was our only playmaker the past few years.	3
Can you link this somewhere. Im not too sure what you are referring too.	5
Idk, the Teen Mom subs are bad for this too. Really bad.	4
You can call me a bitch, and it's cool because you also aren't expecting me to pay you for doing it.	0
Great game Pens!	3
Poor Guy. Come back stronger than ever!	4
Oh thanks this is really helpful	3
Stop. The Bulls played great tonight.	3
thank u for bein a friend	3
I get it from (very Welsh) grandmotherly types at my work. Like they’re lovely but I’m 24??	5
Hi, don’t feel alone. Im here to talk if ya want if not thats cool too. Remember to try to be optimistic!	3
At least your stepdad didn't just take the pillow look at you and leave...	3
Thanks! Having a look.	3
You are not to be truffled with!!! Good luck to you!!	3
You will miss 100% of the shots you don’t take, you just gotta take a chance and see.	3
Yeah I agree. I've seen Jacob's Ladder multiple times. Only Stay twice.	3
I want to learn this, but booze seems to make me even more silent.	3
But if you made that joke about other groups, you would be strongly condemned.	3
If [NAME] loses I’ll break my phone, [NAME] is fighting like wilder what the fuck is this comeback	0
> LMAO, it's not free shit head, where the fuck is the source codes? This the real question.	3
Kinda is. But whatever. Complaining on reddit works too. Except it doesn’t.	5
I’m single I’ve had it thrown at me But I’m being more choosey about who I spend my bed with this year	3
Something I just thought of... Can you email her or text her instead of call? I find it's easier to deal with difficult people that way.	3
Don't worry... I'm on this. I'm using the non business days to cool off and figure it out. Visiting an attorney Monday morning.	3
No, but you wouldn't believe what I'm not tired of seeing...	0
Nice try OSI	3
Why the fuck are you smiling for? Fuck you.	0
HAHHAHA thats good	3
but it sure looks good	3
As row boats are abandonned all around it could be a very interesting little add . If , few randoms row boats had a old and used one in it	3
Wow I’m glad I live in Cali	3
Having this issue as well it really does me in	4
Definitely, I'd do that. The league pass deal isn't awful though.	3
The best part about reading brietbart articles is you know they won't give any facts to support their statement.	3
I can't even be mad that you scored a goal with your face.	0
I might be alone here, but it was probably Blame Game. I don't think I heard a rap song with that much emotional intensity before.	4
This is the kind of thing that makes me want to low key record every single one of my lyft/uber rides.	3
Pls not granny :(	4
Jeez this would be such a turn off to try and help people in the future	3
he's interested. maybe text him explaining what you're telling us just more concise	3
Ok, if that's what you think. I'm just a bystander at this point and laughing at how angry people are getting.	3
You’re welcome!	3
Strong focus on what the subreddit wants	3
I wish I would get dm’ed by famous people :(	3
One of my biggest regrets is that I never got to see [NAME] in person. Incredibly talented and the league is clearly better off for it.	4
motivated me to get up and pet my boy [NAME]. we don't realize pets are fininte... i hope you find you peace	3
Other dude is right, OP and [NAME] comment got me masturbating	3
OMG the ones they sometimes sell that are just one giant piece. LOVE	5
shouldnt be driving baked anyways. even if you think you can, gives us stoners a bad rap	4
How do you know this?	5
You seem to have only participated in this thread to insult me. what a shocker!	5
They can't find police for the streets in England, but somehow with Ireland they always find a way.	3
Good for them	3
Love this! I follow interior designers, natgeo, and Better Homes and Gardens lol. It gives me decorating and baking inspo! No guilt or comparing.	3
Oh look, this entire account was made to link to a store that sells this mug.	3
"""I love games. That's why I keep all those zip ties, plastic sheeting, balls gags and cattle prodders in my trunk."""	3
HAHAHA YES MEYERS	3
Which three of you motherfuckers changed it from 666 upvotes when I clicked on this post?	0
That would be the greatest night ever!	3
Yes, it's great! What I really love watching them play school on the playground.	3
Damnit. Have a big trip planned for the first week of February. Can't wait to get to the airport 5 hours early.	3
Let's hope she will never work as a medical professional again.	3
Hell yeah, high five. Good job!	3
Read. Smoke weed. Video games. Smoke weed and CLEAN ALL THE THINGS!	3
I agree with that, that's really the only reason I play pk too. Probably the reason my win rate for her is 40%	3
[NAME]!! Awesome!! He's the only one that i have anything signed by	3
Absolutely horrible.	2
Homing pigeons make the best SOs	3
What exactly was exposed? Are you just saying things to feel like you’ve achieved something?	5
Thank you for reminding me!	3
Agree, she needs to learn to value herself.	3
I like these kinds of multicultural projects. Very much in line with my feels about South Africa.	3
i accidentally liked one where my ex was underage....	3
Blue Cheese is about as close as my lips and tongue are going to come to pronouncing that. lol	3
This is embarrassing, but while purging I wear a pad or don’t wear pants at all. Eating disorders are so beautiful /s	4
Very true, honestly. Hopefully one day indiginous issues won't be a political career killer, and we'll have a PM that dares to do something.	3
Ooof. I have a hard time trusting asexuals who declare this information mid elationship.	0
My toddler calls it gorilla cheese, and beats his chest like a gorilla when asking for it, lol	3
Volunteer. Helping people in need will make you feel better about both yourself and others.	3
You ever want to work so close with protocol and get blamed for changes in DV missions that were never communicated to you? Welcome to LRS!	0
This looks amazing. I'm sure Netflix will cancel the series in February.	3
i actually didnt know that there are people out there using quotation marks for emphasis until that weird [NAME] song	5
It’s beautiful	3
This is your first boyfriend so you're overanalyzing more than you normally would. It's your issue you just have to move past it.	3
Got it! I wasn't aware that it was a slur, and thought that it was just a general term used. Thanks for the info.	3
this was very interesting, the first time i saw it posted here... 3 weeks ago	5
I love that [NAME] knows to have both hands visible in the photo with that young girl. Better safe than sorry.	3
Gotta love Texas high school football for exposing me early.	3
This is worse, Balo looks like a horse	0
Ah I love when I’m looking at a random thread and find you in the comments. Hey [NAME]!	3
Damn, you just reminded me how good that feels...	3
You may be onto something. Strange that I agree with this now.	3
I've been out of the country for the past week, has [NAME] stopped sitting on the fence and stated support for remain in that time?	5
Better still get the free game!	3
Inspiring music that makes you proud.	3
"I love the lady in the green jacket chasing after the second car looking back at the first car like ""look what you did"""	3
Censoring criticism and discussion is a very slippery slope.	0
"I drove to Alaska from Washington state a couple years ago in a tractor trailer. Those roads are already pretty ""interesting""."	3
Lol, no.	3
About fucking time ordering ASAP	0
What in the hell are you talking about? I've never said that	0
Use it to your advantage. You will figure out a way. Just get your self esteem up real quick.	3
Is what I took from it lol.	3
Problem is that picture is there before you ever set foot in the cabin; [NAME] put it there. Just makes it creepy.	2
Awesome - welcome aboard and tell your friends!	3
That’s reasonable	3
Honestly thought it was a peeled banana...	3
And that's all that matters. You found the right car at the right price. Congratulations!	3
What I learned last year was not to read the comment sections, because it used to get me hot!!!!!	0
Been a weeb for yrs and i still cant understand besides a few phrases	5
My favorite joke of all time - whenever someone says 'My head hurts' you say 'it'll get better with practice'.	3
Of course you don't think it's relevant. Your empathy for human life is tentative at best.	3
Nothing about that looks comfortable	0
I just cant imagine someone insulting a guy by comparing him to one of the most successfull child actors. (I know who [NAME] is)	4
Maybe you should get your cataracts removed to avoid walking into tree branches.	3
Are you in Twitter with a similar s/n? I feel like I remember this name when I’ve been posting about teen mom 😂	5
Can't wait for episode 5	3
He s ugly and short. It's pretty clear.	0
Holy heck I'm so happy for you! That shit is an expense no one needs to worry about, and nor you don't! :D	3
Very glad to hear. Good luck. He has more control then he thinks!	3
[NAME], it's like nobody learned a single thing from the game.	4
My greatest fears are getting wooshed and not getting the joke.	2
Just you. All my other senses open up, so my vision _changes_ but i'm still eyes open	5
> broaden your vocabulary I'll try my best. Thank you for this	3
You're fighting the good fight here. If you still want blackberries on your property, you can always try growing our native one, *Rubus ursinus*.	3
Just smile and wave boys. Smile and wave.	3
My bad lol.	3
> Places of business need wider tables and open seating Open-plan Offices are a Disaster.	4
Invisible Monsters is amazing. I'd say it should be made into a movie, but that would be difficult.	3
"What a fucking moronic jackass. ""This is what happened with my piece of shit dad so you have to experience it too"""	0
Pay, 69k each No, I was pirate legend before doubloons we’re in the game. Thanks!	3
Going to jump sides 2nd half lol	3
Your friend is an idiot. You were the embodiment of Be More Kind. [NAME] bless you	0
Because the PS4 doesnt have any incredible exclusives? Edit: I was being sarcastic, please stop trying to teach me which games are good PS4 exclusives :(	0
"When he said, ""IT'S CALLED RESPECT"" and gritted through his teeth-- wow, he is just waiting to let his hands fly."	5
Lol nice grammar	3
I'm sorry to hear. I wish you the best of luck with everything! Just know that we're all here for you ❤️	3
Yup, not enough money	3
He says he still loves me and wants me in his life. He cant bear to deal with the guilt he feels over Girl being jealous.	3
Sorry that you lost that stuff. But that's a lot to have in your car in SF	4
Mr. Steal Yo Perfect Season	3
Feeling the hatred towards that person I get. Actually running them off the road and holding them at gunpoint? No way. No way to justify that.	0
I love this information!	3
It's not cool that so many are going without pay and unable to make rent or buy groceries. Is a travesty that a manufactured crisis has come to this	4
I like your answer and good on ya, love me some [NAME]!	3
Happy cake day :)	3
Yeah, that was all you though. Goodnight and happy new year	3
good. can't even describe just how terrible this entire thing was. just make 1000% sure this is the right guy.	3
I just moved to the big city, you reminded me to check in my local area now, just reported 4! Thanks!	3
I have had this same bug once as well. Idk what caused it, but it fixed itself next	5
"Here's another message ""You're a good mom. Your boy is lucky to have you."""	3
Lol I’m sorry for your dogs ears	3
Good on ya my man. I too am excited for some game time this weekend. TGIF	3
also a harsh NOOOO when disgusted	1
Glad you enjoyed! Come on down on Mondays. We have trivia and all the burgers are $6!	3
I’m disappointed that no one has suggested taking her up Oxo Tower yet.	4
Even for an infidelity sub this is heavy. I hope you find peace somehow.	3
It's great that he was banned and your coworkers helped you out!! :D	3
Great Expectations!	3
"I was just thinking to myself ""maybe I should get Tinder"". Thank you for reassuring me that, nah I'm good without it."	3
Slathered in blue cheese. [NAME] is so jealous.	4
If Wacky Races kept on going it would have 100% adult viewers	3
Yeah I can't imagine who wouldn't want to come out first to such a supportive friend	3
Love hearing [NAME] talk about money not gonna lie.	3
I'm so sorry that [NAME] has convinced you that his insane aggression isn't important.	4
Cool, I suspected that but I didn't really wanna waste a round. Thanks!	3
I like him in Friends from College too!	3
I love this show!!	3
happy cake day!	3
You are so pretty.	3
Neat stuff!	3
I’m glad he’s gone from Detroit, but good on him for being a professional on ESPN.	3
Welcome to eb games	3
I knew this was coming! Amazing!	3
I feel like I know her. Is this Tampa by any chance?	3
Some of my posts got removed because of rule 1 despite them clearly being about [NAME].	5
But balance does not include the dark side	0
You sound angry.	0
Considering I only play in a 4 man group across most games. I'm good thanks.	3
Ah it's the old one. First I can remember! Of course not the first. Or the last. Hard to keep track at times...	5
Boy, I literally didn't expect anyone to respond to this. Thanks, internet! I feel a tiny bit less alone.	3
I laughed several times	3
Another nipple man, we should form our own Subreddit	3
I agrew. I have also had these many times and they always have a lot of ice cream.	3
[NAME] was autistic BOOM	2
It was great, and it still is.	3
a really cool acrylic painting of this same picture!	3
Thank you for your support!	3
Don't worry, with a lifestyle that requires them to have a new hip before the age of 20 they won't be making it much further.	3
LOL [NAME] you're too loveable for that. ♡	3
I couldnt help but laugh out loud. Pure stupidity coming from the mother. No other way to put it	3
school is not that bad	3
I hated broccoli until my parents tapped into my obsession with dinosaurs and got me to pretend I was a brontosaurus	0
I don't particularly want an Eagles repeat either. Chargers, Colts or Chiefs would make me feel best. Then Rams and Saints.	0
Oh shit I didn't even connect those dots!	5
Man I just hope for a good ole fashion W	3
I always seem to date men with long hair and a beard. Often with blue eyes.	3
Heard that too lol. And how [NAME] is fantastic on the ball, but the lack of assists puts him down as a player .	3
Agreed. Sadly, it's not uncommon enough, and it makes me sad because of the implications about mutual respect or the lack thereof.	4
I love the '1000 paw slap' at the end.	3
This is the best one yet.	3
I hate my life	4
I said I'm curious to see how many women would do it.	5
Must be nice my seats were in that area... sadly I decided to go to the bathroom. #PTSD	4
Glad I wasn’t the only who noticed. Annoyed me slightly.	0
Eh, I'm not a fan of the grayscale. Looks too Kingsish.	0
Not sure why you got downvoted so hard when everybody above is saying the same thing.	0
Looking super dope!	3
Fair to say I won't have to pay pipebomb 10ETH. Happy New year, all!	3
Just found out. Thanks for the tip.	3
Oh this is that one he posted a while back with the dinosaur and flowers 🤢	5
he’s not happy with me	4
It's a close one. I'm going to agree with you because look what happens when [NAME] goes down.	3
Oh nice I was wondering if you could mix flavours. I'll still stick to mint though 🤷‍♂️	5
Oh [NAME] imagining this tween screaming yaaass queen at a poor drag queen made me cringe into a ball	5
"That's because it's called LATCH here and most people just call them ""car seat anchors"". Maybe that's why..."	5
Yes, he needs to sit the fuck down, that's all I have to say.	0
My friend on PS4 said that if you don’t stay to kill the bear, you can’t kill it.	0
This makes me wanna die	4
yes, i fucking hate that.	0
Reminds me of that Black Mirror episode where the lady is brainwashed after committing a crime and forced to repeat the same government-made story with mind controlling phones forever	5
i had a weird feeling colts were gunna win the SB, should have put some money on it	5
LOL at this question! If he follows the sub...just read the topics for opinions! I call BS!	3
That’s crazy. Depending of the state you’d effectively be obligated to work for that employer.	3
you forgot miracle, fake fan	0
[NAME]. [NAME] and [NAME] just style on these scrubs with fucking mecha Tai Chi.	0
Amazing photo. It looks like a watercolour.	3
Oh my god is this even an possibility? He’s one of my favorite college coaches. That mans voice is legendary.	3
FINISH ON HER!! Seems way more appropriate for a sex doll	1
Unless you're trying it with dollarstore shit, don't risk wasting the money. Just enjoy it.	3
And do they all follow her main account? See, she has fans, they just all happen to be her. Lol	3
Great podcast called Uncover on this. Highly recommend!!	3
True love isn't something you find, it's something you build.	3
Well hopefully we’ll find out how hard her life was tonight ☺️	3
Well. I’m sick and slept through the game, that wasn’t the result I expected to wake up to lmao. What happened?	5
Thank you new best friend.	3
*Oblivious to double standards Haha lucky he didn't have, * must not be a Hypocrite	3
Come on I think he’s funny!	3
Nothing matters. The world was burning when you came in to it and it will be burning when you leave it.	3
Yes, you just push. I've been having periods for 29 years (bloody hell) and I've never managed to get to grips with applicators.	0
Please don't use it as toothpaste. It will destroy your teeth.	3
I am from central pennsylvania and moved to AZ. Phoenix definitely has the nicest expressways in the country.	3
What a gift!	5
At least you can admit you value one innocent person's life over another. What a shock it's the rich politician over the security guard.	5
Can confirm as my first time commuting by motorcycle in the rain there was hail, then lots of thunder bolts and lightning , found it very very frightening.	2
What the hell kind of useless annoying bot is this? Beep boop off to hell bot	0
No. Not worth both whatsoever with what we need to fill	0
[NAME] loves his Starbucks!	3
Oh wow thank you all for your opinions, I was just curious and wanted to stare at cool skins :3	3
I'm on my legal age and he's my second partner. I wil try to find more about it...	3
She's just going to suck you back in.	0
It’s ugly. Bye bye and good riddance.	1
You're allowed to me a little mean here, no one will tell lol	3
Really? Some of my posts/comments have been visited by bots How do I kill them?	5
The wow at the end without an ! really had not emthamused!	5
doesn't surprise me tbh	5
Bless you for raising awareness.	3
Talk to your dad, he deserves to know and may help. Good luck.	3
Last couple countries that tried that got destroyed by international communists.	4
Yeah, it’s just a pointless invasive comment when it’s coming from a stranger.	0
So the time of death would be when the doctor confirms them dead?	5
It could indeed apply to many gods from many different creations myths...which is his point. Everyone knows!	3
Thanks! Edit: hold up a sec. Cowboys?	3
YES [NAME], we're rooting for you! 🎉🎉	3
Your dad is a wise man	3
He’d definitely get dropped at some point and then all hell will break loose	0
I’m now a [NAME] fan! Hope he does well, gl my Canadian brother ❤️	3
Ok that's why, I was so confused of why I saw two [NAME].	5
Sensationalism as usual	3
IM IN ITALY AND WILL HAVE TO STAY UP ALL NIGHT TO WATCH THIS BUT TOTALLY WORTH IT!!!	3
I’m here for a final set match TB like this match deserves!	3
Okay, thank you very much! So we are off the deep end of Riverdale logic here.	3
Just typed out my comment and then I saw this. Yup, exactly.	3
That's ok I get it exactly you're ok with me	3
Uncle [NAME], you dirty old man.	0
Maybe she’ll think it was cute how shy you were	3
they have died here in canada	4
The subreddit has 6 subscribers but 20 online?	5
As a high libido female, I feel the same with posts from males. It's slightly relieving to know someone else struggles the same way.	3
Yeah with this and the other thread DoorDash is definitely down. Just go home and don't answer any 650 numbers	3
Even if you were a woman, your personality is so vile and yuck I would happily do 20 years in prison for murdering you.	1
Yeah I want all our players to have a nice healthy hatred for Texas. Good way to ensure they get hyped to play em.	3
Its literally bread on a bread board, whats the issue here?	5
Hi, this is [NAME] from Hairspray the movie...I care!	3
He's been pretty open about their very legal and very cool bromance	3
"""Family is forever""? Weird, I thought humans age and die relatively quickly."	3
She’s cool as hell	3
Oh, cool. That’s the TF all the little kids like nowadays.	3
You've added nothing to this conversation and just repeated what everybody else. Thanks for wasting my time.	0
I actually found the whole screenshot – without cropping – on r/funny so I mean	3
While it is unfortunate to hear that he is no longer interested, I hope that this brought some level of closure to you.	3
I love [NAME]	3
I’d rather reply to you, simply because you sound like an idiot	0
Is this [NAME] brother??	5
Youre not wrong, but that applies to every ad. People are generally getting upset with the message more than anything though	4
I would say the answer is better education, not disenfranchisement based on socioeconomic circumstances, but you do you I guess.	3
CL...let’s just hope we can stay in EL for the time being.	3
Are you serious? The entire site determines what to show you based on upvotes.	5
Sometimes, I feel bad if I don't every now and then. I mostly talk with her on SC/IG tho.	4
Well, it wasnt by 31.... So im still mad.	0
I'll handle what ever comes my way, I adore our children. :)	3
The problem is not getting new players but keeping the current ones.	4
There are so many posts from [NAME] on here it makes me wonder what people think wholesome means.	5
Get em chief, fuck em, I find those people annoying as hell and I barely even use Instagram/twitter	0
Glad she's not living in a bubble then....	3
I've always thought [NAME], [NAME] and [NAME] are beautiful.	3
SOOOOO TRUE!!	3
I'll never understand how people make so many typos in posts that are meant to convey a serious, thoughtful message.	5
There’s still hope!	3
Wow. Yeah does your place autograt at 8 or more ? So sorry 😐	5
That looks like total garbage.	1
Gotcha, thanks for the reply. I know about the emulator ones, just wasn’t sure if any had been ported	3
Small btc withdrawals are slowly happening. Really curious to know if any large btc withdrawals have been successful.	5
Does it have less scope glint than the 3x medium range scope? Or any glint at all?	5
[NAME] loves you. Be yourself and don’t let bigots stop you.	3
Wonder where all the shit is.	5
its even worse because the starter kit is like $70 too right? So in reality she probably made closer to $30	0
That's true. People feel they can't trust anything so they just chose to believe what they want to believe.	3
I love how the sun just decides its going to pull Australia from Earth and cuddle with us... If only it didn't burn so much.	3
Thank you much better now	3
Because I don't like being fat lol.	3
I miss those lol	3
What a time to be alive.	3
Yes it was very hard but I appreciate it.	3
i am retarded	0
I love this. Just be racist against everyone and then it's fine!	3
[NAME] is retiring but I still agree with your point	3
[NAME] and [NAME] are definitely not wings. I like the other guys though.	3
I know and that made me sad!	4
Best pancakes in town!!	3
Sorry but imma hit you with a fat (X)	4
It's an... Interesting place. You seen that boy shoofta that posts on it? He ain't right.	3
Anytime, don't be afraid to reach out if you're feeling down.	3
"[NAME] I hate bad mondays at work! He needs to fiind a new job, this one is full of ”bad clients""..."	4
What’s the reference matter if it’s still insulting? Glad your degree is coming in handy for something.	3
spermatozoid is wrong someone with 31Q would have bigger problems than knowing how to write sperm Did you meanS this is beatiful	5
Why do y'all gotta be mean like this. They're clearly comfortable with themselves	3
I don’t know if that’s a better or worse reason for wearing the arm band :(	5
Any time he's passionate about something. I love seeing passionate people and 9/10 want to rip your clothes off.	3
I'm actually surprised none of his wives have stabbed him in his sleep already. Now he has secret service protection 😋	5
I haven't seen a sign like that on mine. Not that it would carry the force of law, anyway, in Florida.	5
Or you can just support your local farmers that slaughter their animals in an ethical and way less horrifying way.	3
Ooh, the pupil proportion was wonderful at this time.	3
Looking good boah	3
You’ve been planning this for a while huh?	5
My favorite kind of post	3
Depression is being sad when there's no reason to be. Losing two ws back to back now that's a reason to be sad	4
Ha! Thanks - that's very flattering. For my part, FWIW, I always encourage folks to donate to their local farm sanctuary. ^**=o)**	3
[NAME] didn't finish the LPs!? Wow. I am in episode 20 something and was expecting him to finish :(	5
Wonderfully said!	3
Why irritated? I’m sure you said lots of nice stuff about [NAME] at the time.	0
This is what it's like to have a heart attack in the Cars universe.	5
Start sending her a text when you go into the shower. Tell her you're starting your shower and you'll be ten minutes. See what happens.	3
I wanna win this game so bad FJB	3
[NAME] no, these are horrid on anyone.	2
I love this sub. Always 5% toxic, 95% thought out properly	3
Random question but has your username ever actually worked lmao	3
So either the dog is sick or the owner has non-trivial mental illnesses.	5
I guess your ex-fiance was different huh? That's really interesting. I've never had a fiance before, personally	0
Have to admit, a completed quest log would've been nice.	3
Really like Molotov, such a great song!	3
Thank you 🙏	3
Wow so you've been around your entire country and spoken to every single person about traffic accidents? So cool.	3
Thank's for the notice.	3
I wasn't sure either. I'm 30 and my doctor has never said anything about getting retested or revaccinated.	5
Thank you. We literally had stopped her an hour before she made her break.	3
Uh, sorry. We're under trumpcare now.	4
Who even are you? Get off the Internet little boy. I don't have time for you	0
Bye that's it for me. I'ts all over.	5
This person is a god damn idiot	0
Yo kiddan bro. You from Detroit?? 🤣🤣	5
[NAME], now i’m graduated trying to pay off my student loans	3
She already had a child protection worker. It wasn’t her first rodeo sadly.	4
Glad to hear it's ubiquitous and not an OS thing.	3
Put an echo or Alexa under it lol	3
You need to make sure that healthy food is within convenience for the players so that they don’t end up eating 2 minute noodles every day	3
Thank you. I feel like I’ve scarred her for life, but I know that’s probably not the case.	3
It was a dig at OP not you ahah, this video was posted there over a year ago	3
Curious about your thoughts on BC’s LNG activity.	5
Polyamorous ain’t a sexual orientation hon	0
I would have said ok well I'll just take this back to the store.	3
Omg I love these things so much	3
I loved it so much more than I thought I would! [NAME] does an amazing job with quite a bizarre concept!	3
It's a joke, fam.	3
Every right requires someone else's labor. The whole - / + rights thing is a stupid argument.	0
my good woman, I'm not sure that you handled it poorly	0
Cheers mate, ill do that!	3
Karma ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ What a great example for us all, sir.	3
Stupid play.	0
oh id love to hear it if you ever find it. he is one of my all time favorite authors	3
Hate those ~~things~~ Tweets.	0
The only clown that make me laugh.	3
Totally. I'd be happy if they put the food directly into my hands.	3
Holy shit it's almost like the PYD is a organization of Syrian citizens I can't believe he exposed them on that.	0
She’s just overweight. I don’t see anything particularly wrong with her clothing. Lots of people dress adventurously.	3
I would love to see spirit in her kimono as well if that,s possible in the future >< I love your work !	3
No Mayo No Care.	0
Same. Not being hateful to the op but I don't see the connection.	0
Don't worry looking for it, there isn't any porn tab/hidden message	3
It's like you've never even been around dogs.	3
Yes, it can be a very stressful read at times.	3
I feel like I already knew, I just needed to have someone else tell me to really open up my eyes. Thank you for your comment	3
Or just simply hinting at it. All in fun though	3
Yeah, I do this too. It's almost comforting. I'm glad I'm not the only one.	3
Great documentary on that: Grandmas Boy.	3
The University of Essex was a mistake. They're not even good at sports.	0
Mark it nsfw just to mess with people. Worst title I have seen all week.	1
Everyone thinks that lol	3
Good news though. Yesterday the devs were running test server during the morning.	3
But i really need you to delete the comment	3
Ahh yeah I've been there didn't know it had a name. Thanks dude.	3
Don't think so. Pretty sure i tried it on the MOG 12	0
This is so wildly specific I love it	3
I'll keep u updated man. It's only a 7eth withdrawal so hopefully it processes quickly.	3
Glad *you* find it funny!! You've ruined my morning!!	3
You’re right, no one is taking you seriously, Reddit user.	3
This is an incipient antivaxx community, I don't want to see them lobbying and increasing in numbers like in the USA or Romania	0
I’ll be honest, I didn’t expect that to be real	3
Your imaginary boyfriend is kinda creepy. Although, if he's kinky then he may be for keeps. *wink	2
That's the exact person who would buy one of those	3
Let it flow through you, become empowered by it.	3
HOW?!	5
Women should have all the same rights as men. That does not include ending another human’s life.	3
Damn that is sexy	3
DJ finding consistency makes me happy	3
I was also [NAME]. We all make mistakes	3
She has a disorder of sorts. Not only do you both need counseling, but she needs some kind of therapy.	3
Yep. This sub is just being overly reactionary, which surprises no one.	3
I mean, I believe even Showgirls is a better movie than TLJ at this point.	3
Unfortunately not but I loved the saxy section and would love to see it again!	3
This inspiring.	3
It’s amazing.	3
[NAME], back at it again with the awesome art.	3
Hey there, I hope you're still with us. Let's talk.	3
yeah so even after this he got drafted at 41 only lol...and he dominated vs KAT and rest	3
A joke of a mock and I usually refrain from being critical of other people's perspectives of team needs and such.	3
So, it turns out the chants were projection as well.	5
In doing so, they gave humanity a cinematic treasure for the ages.	3
Seattle's train is nice... once you get there. It is an absolute hike from the terminal	3
I didnt realize wishing Liberty would open their wallet would make it happen... It sucks, but it's the reality. We need value.	0
the future is now old man	3
This guy is one of the best role models for [NAME]	3
I think you grossly overestimate how many former felons will bother voting anyway, and grossly underestimate how conservative hispanics ([NAME] in particular) are in Florida.	5
(I tried to answer this in my below comment but I also just wanted to say I really love your username)	3
I remember being so excited when we got AAA back, even though it cost us Fournier...man, that sure went south. #ThanksShaw	3
I don’t go out that way much but even [NAME] is killer if it’s slippy out.	0
Lol it's only been 7 years. Don't let your guard down now.	3
Shut up, Mag!	0
The third picture is creepy.	2
The website is still up. You want to see this. I've met the guy. He's super nice.	3
You must have a different definition of exciting. Ivan v Alyosha aka atheism vs [RELIGION] is very exciting.	3
Its all good until that episode where [NAME] traps the bat on [NAME] head comes on and she screams bloody murder and wakes us up.	4
I’m not attractive but thank you.	3
Lmao thanks for the update!	3
I mean I love this but I actually think the backup was better.	3
I used to enjoy it and grew out of it.	3
My husband gets very prudish anytime kids are anywhere. EVEN in our locked bedroom.	4
[NAME] absolutely embarassed Milksmith in the game we've lost against the Griz. It never would've happened if we had AD.	4
Time to let the justice system run its course.	3
She'll ask them a question, interrupt them to say that something else is coming up and then talk about something irrelevant. She is all over the place.	0
I find that telling the truth as much as possible makes things less complicated. I've learned to spin the truth when needed, though.	3
No, not at all.	0
That's cute. Sincerely Nepal, 7.6	3
Sadly, he seems immune to bans. He also dodges them with alts like [NAME]	4
One of my favorite films. I got to see a screening with a live soundtrack conducted by [NAME]. There were tears in my eyes!	3
Oh hey, someone with a brain. Rare round here.	5
Far enough, np. Its rough communicating sarcasm in text form, especially nowadays with Poe's law in overdrive.	4
Thanks for the info! Safe scooting.	3
People are very complicated.	5
Dont look back at the salt pillars, trust me.	3
That's awesome to hear. Now withdraw every dime from that website and never go back to it ever again.	3
Wait, this is actually a really interesting point. That could/should play a factor if he‘s a legitimate candidate.	3
I know plenty of old people who did just this	3
I feel left out cuz I don’t get this, can someone explain	5
I read your story earlier today. Hun I'm here for you too. Pm me if you need.	3
AWESOME!!!! I'M GONNA TELL MY MOM HOW EPIC THIS IS AND MAYBE SHE'LL TAKE US TO CHUCK E CHEESE!!!	3
Thanks for adding water to an old nightmare	3
That legitimately made me nauseous.	0
Hahaha this is gold	3
Not gonna lie. Sucked out a few, but am really trying to analyze my play afterwards. Thanks!	3
Thank you, thank you. More people need to hear this.	3
I dont disagree with taking the first steps, I just wish we would be even more ambitious.	3
That’s nuts about the digging. I wish we had better dog boots that fit them more naturally than what we have.	3
U.S. are going to fuck this [NAME] guy so hard...he's going to need help to remove all the stars from his rectum	0
It is crazy to me that there are even people in this sub that think [NAME] isn't worth his contract.	3
I still can't believe that dude in Whangarei is still allowed to run his business. I wonder how much longer he will keep it up.	5
That sounds exactly like polos	3
I like this one she looks like she's basking in the warmth of the sun and just taking it all in it came out real nice partner	3
LOL watch this with the Raptors' commentary:	3
WOW THATS SO INTERESTING It happens to me so often that when I hear a new word I anticipate it but it all makes sense now	3
Oooooooo, definitely agree on [NAME].	3
Isn't that why [NAME] is playing him?	5
It amazes me that she can FaceTune video	3
I see this a lot on Reddit. Holding a dumb view, dying on a dumb hill just to finally not respond to a breakdown of claims	3
I dont think a murder log that survived what killed off trex counts as cute, even if its only 2 or 3m long.	0
I tried to write a cheque for a fare when I was a teenager. That did not go down well.	0
I'm just curious, all those people who blamed you for his infidelity, what are they saying now?	5
Wait wait wait... did [NAME] go 61-27??	5
How many guys did they have on IR? I think their top 2 lineman at each spot were out at least. Hell, they almost beat us.	5
Don't you even dare try to put any blame on [NAME]	0
Man that movie is such a classic	3
Might as well do something while you're doing nothing!	3
Oh I don't use Twitter, thank you for sharing that info!	3
I like TRTL.	3
I forgot to reply last night, I talked to Microsoft and their engineers were working on the issue. The store was just not installing for anyone haha	3
You need professional help for that level of paranoia.	3
I cannot sadly, good luck though.	4
Debs a bitch	0
I gotta say, that was a WELL fought period. I was worried a couple times...	2
We all love to read into data without actually reading the data.	3
Pretty unlikely as those polls are worthless. Also there is no way GOP/Trump would have supported [NAME] over [NAME] if they thought he was the stronger of the two	0
Cool thanks for the reply. Always keen to learn from the actual people haha!	3
[NAME]! congratulations! and may [NAME] help you more!	3
Yes, the Raptors need to stop committing dumb fouls.	0
Your post is cogent, rationale and completely confirms what I have always to some degree felt deep down. Thanks for sharing!	3
It's back up now. Sorry for the mess with moderation, wasn't our fault.	4
just go google search, but some r real some r unreal lol	5
welcome to the community, my good dude!	3
"""oh.... alright"" [NAME]"	3
He’s from the city so I guess he gets crazy moms or something. He’s awesome 😂	3
I'm leaving to go get some more motherfucking jokes MOM [NAME]	0
Alright, so I googled aaaaaaand sorry for my misinformed mistake. Dunno where I heard that [NAME] didn't win the popular vote but it was wrong :(	4
I love the views from Red Road. Great photo.	3
[NAME] really loves [NAME].	3
I wonder if, as an added bonus, [NAME] ended the cameo with a dic pic.	5
this is the best thread ever i s2g	3
Oh sorry I didn’t realize that journalists weren’t actually autonomous humans that can think for themselves.	4
If I may ask what was the deal breaker for you? Did you stay in contact after the breakup? How much time did you need to heal?	5
Hated the work or the city?	5
I've honestly looked at mine and thought, I wonder if it'd keep my cup of coffee hot.	5
It's a statistically slightly worse ICR, take that as you will.	1
Do you hate China then?	5
So you were triggered by that term in particular?	5
What a legend this fellow is, novak the one and only	3
Aww man. And I just came up with a great shitpost I mean idea....	3
Then enjoy your shutdown!	3
My wife loves to sleep in over oversized clothes and a lot of times it ends up falling off one of her shoulders. Yes please.	3
The smell of pipes and cigars reminds me of my grandpa.	5
You have to be trolling because I doubt you’re this dumb.	0
So one partner has a higher sex drive, what should they do? Porn is a good outlet.	5
Wow thank you so much for this response. I wrote down everything and will try and do it all.	3
Oh man I feel bad now. If you find it funny than it's funny 💖 sorry	4
that sounds disgustingly sweet and yet i want to try it	1
Ayee aha, and Yeah don’t be afraid to go higher if everything was good!!! Lmk how it goes when you do!	3
...I just encountered this on Facebook and your title was my response. Did we just become best friends?	3
It an argument. Don’t really have time for jack-assery. Lot of people want attention from me tonight, not just you.	0
What's the deal with [NAME]? I haven't heard much about him lately.	5
I was actually looking in to this game, glad they did this now so I can avoid it, yeesh	3
How about we don't swear on medieval religions at all, thanks	3
Working now, 5:00PM EST.	3
What’s she interested in? Has she taken any interest in games that you play?	5
Yeah I'm in the same boat regarding DC, its hard to imagine living in many other places in the country for me at this point.	4
I am very happy with play music. please tell me this is a lie	3
Not admitting you like something because some of the fan base sucks is pretty pathetic.	1
Well, it is generating them. It has a vector space (latent space) from which you can pick out a face.	0
The greatest of all deals.	3
I’m excited to experience Denver for the first time! All I’ve heard is how amazing it is	3
Better yet, get rid of them if they are non-essential. Why are my tax dollars paying for worthless jobs?	0
"I don't think there's any ""most women"" on this. For me, it took well over a year after my marriage broke up."	5
> I don't care what context this has Why are you so proud of being ignorant?	5
Thanks again!	3
Looks like he's been dealing with a wrecking ball of stuff	5
I appreciate you stat heads because I never look at TS or really any of that stuff tbh. No advanced metrics for me	3
Congrats!! If you don’t mind me asking: what country?	3
Oh I'm contributing mate, don't you worry. The sub clown has been made to look like a knob again! Enjoy your Sunday night x	3
Pfft. That's awful of him and her. They deserve each other then. Grab your shite and gtfo. Hope he enjoys his fog and dysfunction.	3
I mean she’s very outspoken, she’s just typically wrong	0
I always do this. They get closer or just move to another lane lol	3
I've never seen so many shit opinions with so many upvotes in the motherland before. Guess that's what happens when it hits r/all.	0
"""UGH FEMINISM!!! SURELY THATS THE REASON I CANT GET LAID!!!"" see you in hell "	0
That's interesting, thank you. I'll mention it to the psych when I see them next.	3
Because no one was seriously hurt - - - It's hard not to watch this without laughing.	3
I once hi-fived the GCS mascot and loved to tell the tale, [NAME]!	3
Thanks for posting this! And happy cake day!	3
I tried Skelth, it's pretty old and feels like not too active anymore.	4
Hey man it's all good, I'm glad I can relate to someone as well!	3
I like what you did to PK ☺	3
Thank god, Montrose has always been lacking some decent Mexican food and now we're finally getting it!	3
I really hate ginger ale. With a passion. The scenario in that scene makes me sick to my stomach.	4
That's what I said! Except the bad person part but ya know what I mean.	3
My poor baby	4
I don't get it :( + Idk which game u guys talking about :(	5
Ahah! I bring tidings of good news for you friend, [NAME] has heard our cries and is WELL AWARE of our desires for Co op	3
You’re welcome	3
What, do you disagree that that freak can in fact buy a megaphone?	5
And get amazingly toned calves in the process! [NAME]	3
Boom! Thank you I’m going to check out your Channel	3
"""You know, this should have never happened."" Well no shit you dumb ass!"	0
If [NAME] is lurking here it's probably definitely not good for his issues	0
My bf just got this too. He's obsessed	3
yeah exactly! thanks for understanding.	3
There's an Arby's/Long John Silvers near where I live. I'm glad they don't cross menu items.	3
0% But then again most of us on here aren't placing top 8 at majors so that could factor in	0
I like to think that the next update will add zeros effects towards the tac mask challenge. Speed things up real quick.	3
It absolutely is. Sadly, most players seem to only want [NAME] with different aesthetics.	4
I noticed a lot of times racists just try to bait people so you did the right thing.	3
Never heard of high app but will look now!! Thanks for posting peeps!	3
Braindead people blocking lane is pure cancer. But the most horrible part of your story is that you got stuck in checkline line for 10 sore minutes.. Wow.	0
If someone calls I will text them and say I can't talk right now. No matter what I'm doing.	3
Maybe try to do some little thing you really used to enjoy. Even if it's just for 5 mins it's still a small victory.	3
Nice! You and her would get along i bet. She loves her crafty machines and creative people. 😇	3
God damn I miss this game!	4
"If you really think that pro-lifers think sperm are ""potential children"" you severely misunderstand their worldview."	5
What? That doesn’t answer my question.	5
Happy New Years, sidepiece!	3
Nice try Iwobi	3
Men don't tend to have bags as big, I reckon	3
It isn't a bad thing if the population in question is low IQ.	3
that's ace, thank you so much	3
**KICK HIS ASS SEABASS**	0
Will that's what that poor child was just taught. Some parents have no idea	4
I wish I could tell you if it was a good t.v. Let me just find the MOTHERFUCKING REMOTE!!!!!!!!	0
[NAME] was pretty god damn brutal too.	3
She must hate her father.	0
Love it. More power to you!	3
i follow her owners on ig and she actually gets around really really well! its cool to watch really	3
So much better that way!	3
Love the username.	3
Yes, that's what I'm confused about. Playing RE5 solo.	5
Omg I could cry at this	5
Unfortunately that's a long old way from Sydney, but I'm glad teams don't mind having non playing members	3
"Ah the classic ""I don't deserve you"" argument."	0
I was surprised when they sewed them together instead of hot gluing them.	5
I miss you [NAME] 😢😭	4
Averaging 12-14 off the bench isn’t nothing	0
Thank you. I downvote all the lies I can, if I like them or not.	3
hahaha incredible, good catch	3
Got it, thanks for clearing it up.	3
He mustn't know about Mr. [NAME] and the cause of his untimely death.	0
As a contractor this is a huge nono. If it's not on paper it not on your wall either.	0
hello there, i sent some hugs your way. ^.^	3
Oh, did you not know [NAME] is the highest graded overall passrusher in this class? At any position!	5
Props to your dad, you dodged a big bullet there	3
I like it when science proves things I thought was common knowledge	3
Next time something like this happens tell them it's illegal to pet a working service dog and they could be sent to jail for it	0
Funny because I only owe 20k... I guess no one told these kids community college exists.	3
Sorry, no. We’re just going to export [NAME] to you guys.	4
I leave for three weeks in Morocco tomorrow. Excited for the 80 degree temperature swing.	3
I had a choice between him and obj at 6 overall and I’m glad I went with [NAME]	3
I work from home and live with my daughters. It's so serene, but also a lot of fun because we have great times together.	3
Well shit, if all you gorgeous people haven’t settled down yet, there’s no hope for me	0
this guy /u/EightRoundsRapid is sending me nude dm's even though he knows i'm underage, what do i do?	5
I get excited reading headlines like this.....all the way until the end where it's always in a country NOT my own.	3
Couldn’t find my wallet for the last 4 days. This also happens to be an awesome way to not spend any money.	3
Strawberry lemonade by ziip pods is the best I've ever tasted.	3
Nah, substance abuse is sad, period.	4
He was so proud of it, too ...	3
This is dangerous.	2
Are you [NAME]?	5
And oof for the red car	3
More excited about the pick than [NAME], but might be nice outfield depth in time.	3
I had a feeling...crazy what that guy can do to his body.	3
I’m uncomfortable just looking at her.	2
Sorry lol, that’s left over from a lot of parenting and relationship subreddits.	3
Yes! Bewildering. Thanks for posting. Really.	3
[NAME] my favorite character 🤣	3
>Ruthless Lol, only in these people's minds, she's fine.	3
Have thought most of the game was OK with some bad calls both ways... These last 5 min tho...	4
> 82 percent of black voters trusting [NAME] and two percent trusting [NAME] Seems kinda high for [NAME] lol	3
You look like [NAME] ex fiancé from The Office	3
I was just joking...	3
The cheerfulness of the “hail satan” text overlay was unexpected.	5
The first season was excellent and two was very bad, you should try three and four though	3
Oh for fuck’s sake.	0
Because you deserve to live and be happy	3
Huh. Weird.	1
I know [NAME]. She's not that great. And you know her husband's in a wheelchair, right?	5
Competitive Deathmatch was a huge reaper fest last season :( Had many games where everyone was reaper except maybe two people	4
This comment doesn't make sense. I'm not sure what you're trying to say.	5
We are becoming increasingly aware that there is a significant portion of western populations which simply refuse to believe facts as delivered to them by educated professionals.	5
As a former professional graphic designer, thank you for the gift of this subreddit.	3
But something is extremely wrong if people are getting sick. Might not be a sonic wave, but it definitely is *something*	4
All fair enough, but you should start just cleaning your dishes straight after you use them. You'll be much happier.	3
I don’t know why they bother with it.	5
I should have changed that stupid lock! I should have made you leave your key!	5
The person he marries is going to be murdered by him	3
*pat pat* they will all be fine	3
Ok just making sure i was confused	5
Thank you UsurperRebellion, very cool!	3
Ahhh more and more selfish	0
removed the bit calling you a right winger. Sorry.	4
That's interesting	3
I'm out of my past issues in many ways; thank you for the concern. What is one without their vices	3
I'm kind of struggling tonight. Bored, lonely... man	4
That's probably all I am going to do. Edit: I could also just visit this sub to find out what happens.	3
Not sure but I imagine it's the liquid. The gel is just gelatin.	5
Oh I know. [RELIGION] is the most severe form of brainwashing on the planet. There’s absolutely nothing like it. It blows my mind.	5
Baseball?? Where’s my baseball??	5
yeah, there's even more registered online. scary.	2
Oh good. It's nice to see confirmation that you're actually trolling, because no one is that stupid	3
That illegitimate-no-good-dastardly-basterisk deserved what he got!	0
Hell yeah! I can't wait for the rust to break off and for people to be as excited as they were years ago.	3
Words of wisdom! Do spend that cash in upgrading your ability cards.	3
Thank god the league doesn't force teams to trade or transfer it's player.	3
Well I did add an edit you might have missed haha	3
Oh come on, you can't mention Psi-Ops without linking the theme song!	0
Someone who seems great while texting might not be that great in person. You can't make someone meet a stranger if they don't want to.	0
I love seeing the crowd's reaction to that every away game.	3
How did such a veteran make such a rookie mistake	5
Chappie bad?	5
Lol I’m just joking the “we did our due diligence part” is prime lynch talk haha	3
No another person lol.	3
It’s possible that the dog just escaped. Especially since it might be excited by the massive crowd running	3
And completely daft	0
What country are you in? That makes a big difference for context of advice.	5
Just made some Ham and Lima Beans with those. You are very correct ...	3
Hes been amazing, so good I've pondered about playing a 442 with [NAME] and him in the middle	3
This picture really drives home that the CIS can be super terrifying when they want to.	2
Can i give reddit gold to your sister... Or at least a gold star Also how was the show	5
The details on this building are fantastic. If anyone gets a chance to see it up close, you definitely should.	3
Is [NAME] gonna die to a bucket of water at the end of the series?	5
That’s such a beautiful moment to find each other there and support each other even if you know you can’t have each other.	3
Hopefully you will be ok.	3
Credit? For what? Using an old Soviet tactic to insult the church? For encouraging people to kill preists?	5
I was messy..............then I became a minimalist.	0
“What the FUCK is this [NAME], explain!”	0
Logan Square also has the most rats (or reports of rats anyway)	0
If [NAME] really did look like that guy though...why was the dumbass gonna step to him like that?	5
It was fucking in!!	0
yea so disgusting	1
Sir excuse me my mother says i am a very handsome young man.	3
Yeah, assuming what he said is true yes he has a chance, but it's hard to say for sure given the circumstances	3
What documentary?	5
This tweet birthed the thread that birthed the legendary “I won best burlesque of the year 2018”. Bless.	3
Sorry, I meant let them know outside of class.	4
I feel like she’d be more than half-way there if she just fixed those eyebrows...	3
I always get concerned when I see Nono standing at the stove or being instructed to pick Milania up from demon spawn practice.	2
Reading on that sub makes me sick.	0
Yeah but it's fun lol. Hes banned a lot in NA also.	3
Thanks for reading!	3
that's ok, I'll come join you someday after I've finished all the tears here so be patient ! : )	3
Ok cool but where can you study Old Norse? That seems like exactly the type of useless but cool skill I’d love to have.	3
Just wanted to say I love your username	3
Coincidence..only 2 hours ago I opened a roll of US quarters Ive had for a few months..16 regular pcs...and 24 states quarters. 24..quite happy.	3
Well if you refer back to my original reply to you that should be clear, really.	3
WAIT IT'S A HAT?! YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO	5
Instagram is the only one to blame for all this evil	0
I second that motion...with A VENGEANCE!!	0
Ah, so you're the reason people hate aspies.	0
Prayer will help you more than any of us can	3
So..... it looks like dude is willing to break his own neck to help a vegan who is choking.	0
Also featuring the dat ass meme in the 2nd panel and the LOL rage face in the 4th. Both ancient but apparently still considered funny by some.	3
How many shitposts does it take to make me unsub	0
What are you rambling on about	5
How can we expect to devise useful interventions if we don't accept the reality of the situation?	5
I'm so uncomfortable.	4
You made the right choice. Helps to get him out of mind, out of sight and begin the healing process.	3
Communists love the state, make no mistake. It's either totalitarian statism or mob rule, which commies would fail miserably at.	3
Can you please make one for ps4 with (movie) [NAME], [NAME], and Palp please?	3
"I'm irritated by the upside down ""Anti Crease"" bit more than anything. "	0
Fun fact: [NAME] decided to delete an entire string of comments after mine because they made him look like more of a man-child than he already is ;)	3
Does he have to be so anal about his rep? At least he's (in)famous. *Awesome job, OP!*	3
Match highlights for those interested, it was a very fun match	3
Wow 4K!DS Kaede looks kinda decent	5
How old are you? Do you get free housing and healthcare?	5
I’m down for destruction at anytime. Destruction is my best friend! But hope you feel better, heart breaks do indeed suck.	3
I really like [NAME] videos	3
Lol’d at your flair	3
This made me soooo uncomfortable yikes	0
I would highly recommend [NAME] ([NAME]) he is the great-grandson of [NAME]	3
An ugly fuk	0
Your part of the problem why autism isn't taken seriously	5
TBH she kind of brought it on herself. I'm glad the GM came to his senses.	3
Dark humor is like food. Teenagers love it and prefer quantity over quality.	3
Ohh salt would have been good, but I was too pissed off to not do something more aggressive lmao	0
Now I just want to see every scene with [NAME] in it with [NAME] following him around playing the theme.	3
Plenty of places to build more damns in the WCape actually. Damn's are not the way forward? What do you propose?	5
Wow, so that means common tongue isn’t English!?!	5
I'm just happy I have the Pen to watch and listen too when the Steelers are on the brink of collapsing...PLUS no locker room drama...	3
You stole this	0
I like the six nations partly because I get to hear a packed out Murrayfield sing flower of Scotland and that’s always brilliant	3
I think morality and purpose are fundamentally subjective and I don't see how rush would change if a god existed	5
Thank you for making this guide.	3
Praise the [NAME]	3
The game is pretty fun with items tho. Just obviously too random for esports	3
You are not yet worthy to possess this knowledge. Watch the film and you may be rewarded.	0
Are u gey	5
It’s funny how people use one good game to dismiss an argument against a player. They do the same thing with [NAME].	3
aw too bad im 6.5k, you arent extremely good.	4
I guess some people havent met meth	5
Yeah fucking thanks, politicians back in the day.	3
I'm doubting the teeth cleaning.	0
And happy cake day.	3
"Love this. ""Where were we"" and ""what were we"" before birth? It really helps to think this way"	3
Love the [NAME]	3
[NAME], I hope so..	3
Haven't played in forever, but [NAME] solo was my jam back in the day. Glad to hear damage tanks are still good	3
Makes no sense. What the hell are you trying to achieve ? Sound like a dumho	0
Can't believe everything you see on the internet eh?	5
Damn is it really?! Ah, that makes me love his performance even more	3
I'm not vegan cause I love animals, I'm vegan cause I hate myself.	0
Try it sometime man. You may just enjoy it	3
Hoping. Regardless, its true.	3
I'm sure the guy posting is this just gorgeous with the best personality ever	3
Its cool, looks like it has a dish drying place built in too	3
How did that tree not grow?!	5
I love cops and military. I just want them privatized.	3
It's a weird way of saying you don't want to see my penis	4
Because feminists have equal rights already. Feminism only still exists because some women figured out that they could use to further their privilege.	3
i thought i was the only one who felt this way!	5
The OP is definitely [NAME], and I'm not complaining. Love his work	3
Devastating to hear of any news like this :(	4
No. It’s creepy.	2
What the hell did you just type?	0
I am sure that whatever happens in the end, [NAME] will fuck it up.	0
two robocoughs what a good idea i love buying robocough by the case	3
"Do people really not get over bullies and have to make up stories about ""righteous revenge?"""	5
If it was six, I would have accepted it as just some crude humor	3
I cheered for the Superbowl to be canceled	3
Thanks so much, appreciate it. She actually wanted to read CES letter with me tonight, we really about a 1/3. Will post update later on.	3
it's not hipster until you start calling it mylk, anyway.	3
There's a reason that the 'Best Girl' achievement exists.	3
At least things are looking up with the next generation. That optimism sits in stark contrast to this news.	3
they're called queens for a reason, fuck democracy	0
This sub is going to be so ridiculous until he signs somewhere lol	3
New to the area. I would think it's due to the cold. I havent seen my neighborhood this dark.	5
hell yeah my brother	0
I love [NAME]	3
Oh shit. Is back?! Time to import	5
I love stories that end well. Makes the new year even better.	3
Damm. The more you know .	0
My heart skipped a beat when I saw this. My childhood dog looks just like them, and her name was Brandy!	2
Oh....yuck	1
I am now weirdly aroused	3
That awkward moment wHen someone already used shell as a pun earlier	4
I do not see how that is disgusting. She's cleaning her self and had a discharge, so what?	1
I don’t think that can happen here.	0
I'm on the receiving end of a breakup, and i'm not handling it well. So cheers from Germany!	3
Yes, I've noticed it too. Or the photo of the item won't load. This company is so shameful	4
Sometimes I think the Padres link these rumors just to remind the world they still exist. ... But it would be fun if they actually came true.	3
It's not something i'm proud of, but I definitely fucked up that day.	1
>I have always been fairly short (5'9) Is this supposed to be a joke.	3
Where did you see them? I’d like to watch too	3
Half right I am 15 but I’m not a goth and just enjoy the taste of human mostly blood but flesh is almost as good	3
Removed for violating Submission Rule #1 OP, I think you will have better luck in /r/relationships or /r/relationship_advice	3
What about white supremacist? BLM called [NAME] a white supremacist terrorist, that label is damaging and in the same lines of a neo nazi.	5
I got a girl's number at work and we're dating now so all girls aren't like this lol	3
Is your teacher [NAME]?	5
It's not like it's a bad thing...	0
Really? I thought he was a Solicitor before Newstalk?	5
Okay, carry on then. Just thought I’d make sure you recognized that there was a difference.	5
Is that a normal price for this kind of thing or is it [NAME] expecting a super-wealthy person to impulse buy?	5
By being intellectually dishonest? Ok.	5
This didn’t age well	0
Thanks for the suggestion!	3
I'll admit that's a bit surprising, since it's such a massive international hub. But beggars can't be choosers I guess.	5
Well yeah, you've gotta paint it white yourselves	0
Well said, hope more and more people continue realize this and discover/take-back their power!	3
He’s one of America’s greatest songwriters.	3
what did you guys expect for sunny gray	5
Lol that reaction was golden	3
Not sure to downvote because genuine and encouraging or to upvote because sarcastic and hateful.	5
Because Im going to feel sorry for the death of someone who assaulted me. Sure thing buddy.	4
Sounds awesome!	3
Always been a Yankees and Chargers fan. Ask me how it feels to lose to Boston in two division playoff rounds within a few months.	3
Genuinely fascinating.	3
That was beautiful.	3
It had bad spelling but i understood it u grammqr nazi	0
Old ladies are like the only ppl that are nice to me lmao. Kindered spirits with the ugly.	3
"It's called ""Duper's delight"". You see it frequently in sociopaths like serial killers, or politicians, or both, like [NAME]."	3
i love the eyes wtf they’re staring into my soul	3
Once it became clear I was too old to have a family, yeah, it felt too old to bother with it.	5
Did I say he was a scammer? I said he's disgusting and there's nothing endearing about him at all. Not surprised this subreddit is defending him	1
Does she not know how cups work?	5
Oh word. Thanks for the heads up!	3
Love your username!	3
Is this cronometer? Thanks.	3
Thank You All for your comments. Thank god I wasn’t alone on feeling this.	3
I wish I could be this person.	3
I upvoted because this is absolutely stupid and hilarious at the same time	3
>Playing competitive MTG has brought me as much joy as my children. Yeah this conversation is over	3
Feel free to PM me, I was a longtime vegetarian before transitioning to veganism.	3
That's what you get for not washing your mouth for months.	0
Thats just dumb, u are stealing from people that just want to live a good life cuz other were unlucky, they were also unlucky by being born.	0
You will watch porn again, don't try to fool me	0
I’m happy for you two. Cheers!	3
Don't worry, I'm pretty sure you're right and he's wrong	3
I’m going to bed nowish, hope you’re ok. HMU if you want.	3
But once again that is a problem with the people. So many just attack the people who disagree instead of the arguments.	0
And it’s not like he was a bad coach. We’ve been spoiled from all our great seasons.	0
You are an asshole.	0
[NAME] woulda been better smh	3
I don't know why anyone would willingly live in an HOA.	5
Good for you!	3
Yeah, she's reasonable on some issues for sure, but the problem is that there isn't more like her	3
This joke has been on here a million times and never ceases to trick me	3
I want to thank whoever lied to her and said those contacts were a good idea	3
Then YOU go right ahead...support and guide him.	3
[NAME] damn, she must fuckin’ STINK.	0
I'd say no, mostly because you don't plan to stay long-term.	0
[NAME] is amazing, big fan of him.	3
Love takes work and commitment. If it's not worth the work it isn't love. Learned that one from my blood family.	3
I don’t have to stop speaking fact simply because it’s uncomfortable for you to hear.	0
I would try to find someone who wasn’t married and exploring sex parties because...I’m boring as fuck, I guess.	3
"""There's always a bigger fuckup."""	0
A million little things. I love it, but cheating arc within first couple episodes.	3
Weird headline. 2 children per mother would be expected to shrink the population.	1
My 2 year old loves Word Party. Story Bots is another good Netflix option.	3
We are sorry but the sympathy you are looking for is not available in your region.	4
>I just wanna let you know your beautiful I don't appreciate being lied to!	3
Looks like the other driver to the right was predicting that to happen. You can see the brake lights come on the SUV.	3
Fuck i know. I'm so worried for girls like me growing up now.	2
Bravo, that looks beautiful. Though i know for a fact that i would find a way to fall face first on those things sticking out.	3
Thanks for an interesting thread. How many of the [NAME] in Malaysia would you characterize as [NAME] or supporting political [RELIGION]?	3
I can't imagine it's going to be easy to come to the realization that your parents murdered your brother.	5
Glad she was a good sport about it.	3
I like this. I like this a lot.	3
The real tips are always in the comments :D	3
You are very welcome. Happy growing. Keep in touch with your success.	3
She is beauty she is grace she just just grinded the ground with her face.	3
"""Put yourself into the position to be able to profit from luck"" is the best I can formulate it."	3
Wow this is the first I’ve heard of this. You should go tell /r/hockey, I’m sure they have no idea either.	3
Thank you!!! I'll do this now!!!	3
And yet he's still plummeting in popularity, even now. No he aint babe.	0
Elite Disrupter and Elite Stryfe. Also, thanks.	3
"That face screams ""Fucking gods, do I have to do *everything* around here?"""	0
> The defunct club still sit third in the overall NI league roll of honour despite not having competed for 70 years. Wow	5
She looks like a televangelist.	3
Sports are fucking garbage. Basically just religion but with jerseys and beer in public.	1
She’s so gorgeous, I hate you too.	3
I was so scared to click that. Yet I did.	2
>+. I’m in my early 3 Exactly This. It's the worst.	1
Still extremely impressive.	3
great day for him though, awesome story for the rest of the week	3
That makes a lot of sense. I wish I knew how to stop myself from doing it tho	3
I never read it, but I sure remember being creeped out by this claymation version	4
You can. I've used my Kroger-linked phone number while travelling to other states with success.	3
[NAME] is pretty fucking scary	2
I'd be a lot more excited to see [NAME] flash the leather at 3b.	3
you almost blew my fucking mind there.	0
thank you, female, very cool	3
You like [NAME] but dislike [NAME]? That is weird considering that they both are on the same low level of intelligence.	1
Nice! Boahs for everyone!	3
I’m glad I wasn’t the only person who wondered about [NAME].	3
Yaaaaaas! Also, your username is awesome.	3
I agree. We could even change the colors to black and blue so we are not like soccer	3
Havent been working for 10 years at this company about 5 now, but i have overall 10 years experience	3
You could easily avoid him. What a crazy concept	3
You know I’ve always wondered what this song was about. Thank you.	3
[NAME], I believe you buddy. you might be a weird dude... but no one is weird enough to make up a story that bizarre yet banal.	0
Ok? I’m addressing your points here. Don’t worry though, your reply suggests personal attacks are the way forward.	3
Agreed, that’s different if it’s their choice, but I would suggest against starting off that way!	3
I shower with the lights off. The first time felt really unnatural but now it's actually really comforting.	3
Agree, I love her so much	3
[NAME]. i love it	3
Just imagine Disney characters without gloves. Yes it's that horrifying	2
She had it saved on her phone because she was too lazy to delete it. Thank goodness.	3
but he got a chainsaw hand. that's pretty cool	3
True only it's much harder to hide real property than it is to hide cash.	3
Yous offered the guy a contract and he rejected you. Probably couldn’t afford him lol	3
Tfw when not only is it tiny, but it’s damn ugly too. :(	1
I will happily convert to [RELIGION] if I can quit my job and have unlimited food. Please tell me how to accomplish this	3
OMG, im on hype.	3
Thanks, I hate reposts	3
They're passionate about different things.	3
Investments like that are a paper trail. Ordering takeout food and riding Go-Karts with cash, are not.	3
Can't wait to the part where she ties him to her chariot and drags him around the Capitol.	3
Such a nasty woman	1
"Yes. ""You better settle down over there or I'm gonna come talk to ya."""	3
You have mental problems dude. Get off the internet and get a life.	3
"Bring them into your home, feed them, love them and have a sign made that says ""cat sanctuary"" and hang it above your front door. "	3
Will do. Have a good night man.	3
What was the fastest you were ever going over the speed limit when you got it dismissed? I’m most likely going to go with Sullo also	5
Ive gone through very similar things...i completely understand. Praying wont do much, seek a therapist to talk about things	3
This gave me ultimate anxiety	2
That IS a fun fact	3
Struggling to get the basics with a $1,000 phone. Y’all need a reality check	0
You are right. Totally my bad.	3
The real [NAME] is always in the comments. Thank you internet stranger	3
Your work is amazing! Really like the Rugrat one. The melting style is so cool. Prices are very reasonable for the quality too	3
You’ve become the very thing you swore to destroy	0
Way to go!! Thats something I hope to be able to do some time in my life again.	3
Didn't he steal something ludicrous like a diamond ring? Like is he a cartoon bad guy?	5
I disagree. It's a couple of loud voices and some pretty blatant brigading from at least one of them.	0
"Of course right as I came across this my mom texted me saying ""I remember 2018 like it was yesterday""..."	3
Damn. Really?	5
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **4th Cakeday** notasci! ^(hug)	3
Cant you tell how sad she is from her face?	4
Just getting your cover in aye?	5
Mi Patio Mexican restaurant on 7th ave and Osborne. Their chimi is amazing.	3
“But [NAME] wants you to have kids!” [NAME] should have given me ovaries then lol	3
That has some amusingly unfortunate implications for those that believe all [NAME] are descendant from [NAME], son of [NAME] and [NAME].	3
I can't believe you won!	5
That's capitalism for you, don't worry though. There's another recession on the way.	3
I love learning, but I can’t be asked..	3
Oh wow I didn’t know they put out the entire song. Thank you! Have an upvote.	3
That’s sad, although I’m aware they historically haven’t been weaned off of authoritarianism.	4
You don't even deserve my attention anymore. Bon voyage sucka	0
This man has a great attitude!	3
The world is a big place, there’s always someone.	3
Audio version as well.	3
at first I thought this was a JWong diss thread lol	3
ah, rejection. i know something about it	0
"Also because someone could then be either ""An Asexual"" or ""A Sexual"", and that would be confusing out loud. "	5
Oh I didn’t realise, sorry for my ignorance	4
No one to blame here, bad luck is what it is.	4
It’s crazy how many people don’t know the difference between fluid ounces and weight lol	5
Please let [NAME] live 🙏🏽	3
[NAME] I hope we don’t have to as long as the Cubbies did to win a WS	3
Omg yesssss. It’s such an amazing combo	3
To be honest having fast food at the White House would be fun	3
Same, I zoomed in, skeptical AF that this could be a painting! Wow!	3
Pretty dangerous for women, too. 40% of cops are domestic abusers. Stay safe.	3
I'm so glad [NAME] finally got her visa, she's going to do awesome living in the USA!!!!	3
Maaaan, that woman is crazy! And the straightjacket type!	3
The world needs more Attack of the Killer Tomatoes memes.	3
same boat, will also be traveling but im not sure where yet, based in madison wisconsin tho	5
Yeah, because not paying a bill on time is equal to murdering children.	3
Sorry. This thing knows whats up!	4
I gotta take credit for YouTube because he recommends some sick underground artists but old ones? Never, at least for me	3
I totally read that wrong and was about to shout COLBY 2012	5
I wouldnt necessarily call you and addict but you definetly have unhealthy relationship with MDMA.	0
Not a good couple hours. A full 33 days.	0
Can you guys take the last half? We'll take the 6-2 start, SC gets the 1-7 finish?	5
i miss this show so much	4
Replace OG for [NAME] then, remove the pick, add [NAME] for salary. I love OG but [NAME] worth it	3
Hopefully he will	3
Marginal taxes was taught in my high school economic literacy class, it's so sad that so many people don't even understand the basics of our tax system	4
[NAME] looks so much better than she did at the premiere. Her lashes aren’t fucked up and the high pony is great.	3
I wanted to slap her when she told him she could have died and it would be his fault.	0
No worries. Apparently he still loves Toronto.	3
ya primetime game, huge comeback and hardens sheer dominance pulling that team was amazing to watch	3
Shut up, why you so stupid!? I'm just kidding	3
[NAME] is a brilliant player. Glad to see him get more time.	3
Don’t you want to raise awareness, you need to do at least one chiro out there who is in need of immediate care).	3
OP got woodshed lmao	3
True, I misread the post and thought it was applying it to on-field performance. My apologies.	4
The greatest out of context quote ever.	3
This architecture will be treasured even more in a couple of generations. We must act now to conserve it. Btw, happy cake day, slaphead.	3
Service Ontario isn't a ministry, and I don't believe you're close friends with the heads of two ministries at all.	0
Flip him for another 3rd rounder hah	3
Doesn't affect you buddy don't stress over it.	3
The SJW community. I hate it too cause they are the ancestors of the Civil Rights Movement who where absolutely awesome	1
Wow so much younger but he sounds mature	5
Yeah I grew up watching them play in the sand unis. I like it more than the standard road gray.	3
I like [NAME] chicken nuggets.	3
That makes it an extra special accomplishment. Yay!	3
Women are dangerous as hell too.	0
Kill trading is still bad imo but i agree that losing the round was correct	3
Spoken like proud slaughter-bound crotch fruit!	0
I just don’t see why he pushed me leave with him so bad just to dip when I did	0
> mopey?Like Droopy? Ah well maybe	3
I'm beginning to wonder how I lived before without these daily posts.	5
lol why ? they were both garbage when their time was up	3
People are looking at me wondering why I'm laughing at work.	3
That was me a lot before I accepted myself as Trans	5
I’m tryin to make the community better and bring this to peoples attention he’s a filthy cheater	0
I would lol	3
Awesome map!	3
Yeah, however you spell it - I don’t play with them	0
Discuss equality, be labeled troll. Good bye. I am so disappointed. In humanity.	4
Lol only a snowflake would call that a harassment campaign	3
I only watched the clip someone posted last week, but I found [NAME] funnier.	3
Big thanks dude! This will really help me out	3
Totally forgot that, my bad	4
We occasionally awake from our routines and wonder if we are still alive.	5
Thanks now I’m insecure again	3
Theres no way 88% did that grossness.	0
That's a very interesting theory and it makes sense. How does it gel with the fact that we clearly know the timeline changed?	3
It was like he suddenly realised he couldn't claim that a product both had no effects and beneficial effects at the same time	5
You’re killin me smalls. Hilarious.	3
Good puppy!	3
Thank goodness it's a rare add on in that case xD Thanks for the info! :)	3
I feel so starved for good content that Ill recommend a show just for being watchable	3
I'm happy to go without but if it's readily available then everyday.	3
Where the heck did the water bottle go??	5
He's been amazing tonight	3
Sucks that [NAME] was a straight positive in important minutes and hasn’t seen the floor since..	1
Sometimes this is the hardest thing to deal with. I also am still clinging to a crush with a close friend. Just be honest.	3
Is that at Beachtown?	5
Fuck those people, there's no point thinking about them	0
Gahs that’s so sweet	3
You're a sealion and a leftist troll. Begone, and enjoy your ban.	3
Wow I can't wait to use okcupid to get myself a nerd/loser girlfriend who'll eventually become fat	0
2010 offseason, thought we'd get [NAME], ended up with [NAME] for 100 mil. we still talking about the knicks. fun to dream tho	3
Same boat, sank pretty hard at the worst time.	4
Thought I was...it boomeranged on me and I am suffering immeasurably right now. Thanks and I hope your day was good.	3
i hope this grossed u out ur welcome 😎	3
Thanks for making me laugh my way into a sinus headache.	3
Now i need an island visit and a nice beef dip from the Crown and Gate!	3
Butterfly is cute... it’s the dreds that are gross	3
This is still one of my favorite photos.	3
You make less than zero sense.	0
Looks like you got it bad. How soon till you can get out on your own?	4
Even one second gets you killed against focus fire, especially if you're discorded, which is almost always in this meta.	0
I like saying the n-word, it makes me happy	3
Never go to the post office. that place is hell. pay commercial plus online and order every material you need.	0
Yeah it was a fun game. :D	3
"LOL ""making"" Nesquick takes exactly 7 seconds"	3
Still saddened by the fact that we never got to see prime [NAME] vs prime [NAME].	4
Do your own research. It’s not my job to educate you.	0
"Adjust your W4. Everyone has to pay taxes, so save it with the ""I have to send a check to the government!"" BS. "	0
Ya well if I have a daughter I hope my husband doesn’t have these excessively weirdo and aberrant aspirations for her. Smh	3
Take a shower brother, i can smell you through my phone	1
Oh yeah I saw that trailer before Aquaman	3
Blooming Villain with Willpower a close second. Heavily emotionally charged songs used at very dangerous events that suit the theme perfectly.	3
I honestly have no clue but I’d also love to have one of those	3
Loved seeing [NAME] play for us, but definitely excited to see what [NAME] can do.	3
Can you even hide the racism anymore or are we throwing all dog whistles in the trash?	5
Oh I didn’t notice the salt before. I’ll leave it out when I made it, thank you!	3
I got your back. I love you ❤️	3
I’ll never do long distance again. Good luck broski.	3
FEAR THE TURTLE	2
oh, okay	3
I'm moving to Dallas soon too, from out of state. lol. Seems like it's the closest/most similar area to home, vibe-wise.	3
You're brilliant.	3
Huh, interesting. Thanks!	3
Cant you just say no when it doesnt feel right? Sleeping in same bed can help heal...after the initial shock is passed.	3
I was never a huge fan of her, but if they replaced [NAME] with her that would be the best thing to ever happen to this show.	3
Wow, the interview with her mom really made that clip.	5
Completely serious here, what do you base that claim off? Like, from experience and talking to people or from a larger scale example?	5
The straw manning in this sub is ludicrous.	3
You crashed and burned but managed to save it. Congrats my guy	3
I like you. Hi.	3
My lawyer is on it and I have been advised to not speak with respects to legal matters until we have things resolved. Thank you for your support.	3
Still going to keep praying and praying.	3
Weird! Also in Winnipeg, no issues. Do you have a VPN?	1
How to get badly injured in a room full of foam.	5
I'm I the only one actually rooting for them to make the playoffs next year, I don't hate them or anything unless we face em	3
As far as i can say, my precious arm came back to me hahahaha I'll be sure to tell about my progress, too! Till next time!	3
thanks for the link, tested here too as INTJ	3
Enjoy the ahuahuasca	3
That’s great! Love this sort of thing. Is that really a prison on the north side of vauxhall bridge? Prime real estate now!	3
Sydney is not for you	0
Happy New year! 🤗	3
Don’t kink shame me!	4
I got you. Here's to something incredible and explosive happening soon.	3
Hope they will, but I doubt some of the dems in dc.	3
OH MY GOOSE! You got my super obscure reference! I literally squealed out loud when I read this comment.	5
Oh. Great	3
Which is a huge shame since it took place at Wrestle Kingdom. Hoping he has a great reign filled with good matches.	3
LMFAO wtf that's great	3
Honestly idk that she ruined a moment, she just changed it so it was a different moment between her and [NAME]	5
Good to know the obsessive thinking is because of them... I’ve felt like it was just me ha. Thank you 🙏	3
I love it, made me smile. Glad he is helping out animal friends!	3
As long as [NAME] isn’t a judge again, we can be optimistic	3
Hahaha, FUCK	3
[NAME] looking like his fucking controller disconnected	0
I’m excited AF. First holiday in four years. Totally cannot afford it but that’s future [NAME] problem.	3
"I don't drink I don't smoke I don't do drugs and yet still am not ""happy rich and all that people say this brings"""	4
I'm sure you do lmfao...	3
as someone who dealt with a burn out/mental break down 4 years ago, /s/ this post makes me feel very optimistic about the future /s/	3
That was so disgusting. VWP	1
Everybody talks about this but I wonder if it increases the chances of prostate cancer. Do you know?	5
trashy comment.	0
Is it barely going to start or did it already happen?	5
:o I have one too! I didn't get anything but bullied at school, though.	4
😡this was a scam	0
That’s not cool	0
I like how she spins away it's too late.	3
So cute!	3
I think I’m in that Facebook group. This should be fun haha. They’ll prob eat you alive.	3
DJ's mocks are always a little off pre combine/FA. I still really like his mocks, this one i just off to me though.	3
You do realize that every cod since cod 4 has had some sort of sbmm right? Like every MP Fps like Battlefield.	5
This is actually awesome.	3
That was awesome. the gross spin by [NAME] and the one legged glider by [NAME]. beautiful	3
Multiply it by hundreds to account for all employees of the store and then yes, it is true Also love how they mock the mentally disabled here. 10/10 /s	3
Oh hey, it is!	3
Bold of you to post [NAME] art on Tenko's BDay. I approve.	3
Noooo I missed the blood moon again. Someone post a pic	0
Well, you stopped coming on CV. Now I am left alone to fend off Agent debaters.	4
I really like the hot pot at Lucky Bamboo. Their dim sum made me sad.	4
If one day I have daughters, I want them to be so badass that these kids! Nice to see them enjoying metal!	3
It's a lame, timid city on a beautiful harbour.	3
TBH I would definitely wear this with my denim jacket, but I wouldn't buy a huge lathe and carving tools to make it.	3
We can do this son. You don't want to miss [NAME] win his first Rumble and become the new top guy.	3
Now I’m curious about their respective heights	5
My opinion is that this person's opinion is stupid, fallacious, and bad.	0
It's barely a jumpscare tho, i dont get how this could be startling at all	0
This is just such an obvious troll.	5
You know nothing about this guy... this is a not cool thing to say.	0
I will make it proper! 🔪🔪🔪🔪🔪🔪	3
I'm so jealous of people who have natural red hair. I think it's so unique and pretty.	3
Yeah I really hope nobody was in the back seat of the red car... I hope everyone is okay.	3
Thanks! I'm so keen :)	3
I feel like one day you're in for the shock of your life.	0
This entire discussion is very unnecessary	0
Thanks for sharing. They also have an Amazon wishlist (linked from the comfortcases page) as another way to donate!	3
She’s fab but the reflection of that guy in the window got me curious tho	5
I like how the title contradicts the subreddit it’s posted on.	3
You seem real salty, lol. Enjoy having a 4th grade reading level bruh	3
Wait, what was [NAME] doing?	5
Is pleading the 5th even legal? I mean, people should be forced to defend themselves even from erroneous claims.	5
Illegal workers have no rights, no recourse to the law in the face of mistreatment. Abusive employers like that.	0
Ahh they're awesome aren't they?!	3
congrats on trying to correct american english with british english, two separate things	3
Thank you for the archived link, I have a NYT paywall .	3
THIS IS NOT HAPPENING!	0
Paid $1.66 in Arlington today....love this	3
Does anyone know where it came from? I like it lol Shaq was big cactus	3
They very clearly state no new accounts can post. Yours is 2 weeks old and low karma.	0
"It's hilarious that he thought you were a woman when you literally have ""man"" in your username. "	3
Thing is...it's the media the masses take in that is driving this anxiety [NAME] or AP reader isn't falling for this	2
Same thing as well! I don't know what is happening.	5
I wonder how fat activism intersects with animal rights tho.	5
I don’t think this fits the sub	0
Totally fair. I would be sad in your situation. :( I hope you find it. You're not wrong to want those things!	4
If my buddy was getting his ass handed to him like this I'd laugh too. Sometimes people just deserve a little ass whoopin.	3
The great nation of Texas (excluding Austin) will rise up and purge these heretics.	3
Does this mean there's no police on the streets or do they have to work with no pay? (I'm not from the US)	5
Aw it’s so nice of OP’s mom to take care of these cubs.	3
If Ww3 breaks out in northern Asia as people expect. It will make things worse for you guys in the states - not better	1
Why him* Having a healthy sex drive isn't a problem.	3
What? The non-vegan burger air particles have clearly infiltrated the once-pure cardboard. It is absolutely NOT vegan >:(	0
You're talking about something complete different there.	5
Free speech is between you and the government. I don't know exactly what Canary Mission is, but I don't think it is the US government.	5
DONT BE NEEDY. TALK TO OTHER GIRLS.	0
No, but now I will	3
I just wanted to play arcade games together.	3
Youre gonna be really disappointed when you hear [NAME] track with the guy from Degrassi	4
This will get us focused and we’ll play hard with a vengeful attitude next couple games	3
It's not cancer edit: It still sucks guys, I get it. I'm just specifying it's not cancer because of the post above me.	3
Normally yeah but that was my friends first match ever and to encounter such a killer, who was running noed too is kinda disheartening for him	4
They’re my favorite. Just little chunkers that can’t fly and just wanna bang.	3
Um congratulations on being a housewife .. Lol?	3
Good things take time.	3
Damn, I fell for the myth. Thanks for pointing it out.	3
Acne scars unfortunately and also out of anxiety I tend to pick at my skin.	2
Oh my [NAME] please no	5
We all love our childbrain president and all the wonderful things he’s doing for ~~white~~ American people.	3
Because he's looking at the love of his life! Oh does he love the person looking at him in that big screen!	5
Wow your metaphor is way better than the similar one I just wrote elsewhere in this thread. I'm going to have to steal it.	3
looks tasty did you all take it home?	5
This is terrifying	2
It's time to cultivate some mass.	3
Doubt that, too good to be true	3
yeah guys, stop complaining about violent mobs and join one!	0
It's too bad they don't use that gorgeous high altar.	4
Yeah. Im not an incel or nothing but I wouldve liked to see that get addressed haha	3
Conservatives love to agree with cryptofacists and pretend all accusations are a smear campaign.	3
His entire speech during the climb was amazing.	3
Mental games. Take a (mental) shot everytime the teacher mispronounces a word,or messes up grammatically	0
I predict one of them is going to be complete garbage and the other one gonna be competent with some critics calling it better than the original.	5
It seems strange to me that [NAME] is still unsigned this close to the season.	5
Nothing is wrong with hugs and love, but most adults need sleep too.	3
Will do!!!! :D Thank you so, so much!!!	3
I don't reveal my sources. Gotta keep my journalistic integrity.	3
TV shows. And occasionally movies. I stopped Interstellar at that stupid love speech. Never finished it.	0
I trust my girlfriend enough where I know she won't do anything of the sort	3
Malevolent as I've ever been, head is spinnin'	1
Every BP within cooeee of me is consistently 5-10 cents a liter higher than other options. Weird.	5
How could you ever get bored of place that is getting more and more enjoyable as you are there	3
That's awesome! It's good to have supportive people like that in your life and around you.	3
I don't have a problem with it if its a cheese or charcuterie board	3
Lol i thought the ratio was 35% or 1/3 of [NAME]. I think u got it wrong But yeh gtfo of bum fuk nowhere	3
I like [NAME] :(	3
Shhhh it's ok	3
If they are suffering immense pain, I doubt watching Endgame is high on their list of priorities	5
Are you hungry?	5
If we just got rid of capitalism, everything would be great!	3
Maybe it was. I don't really understand what the point you're trying to make here is.	5
Ugh I've had my mirena for a few years. I get none of bleeding and all of the cramps	3
That sucks. Learn to check your ping like everyone else.	0
Thankyou! :)	3
I honestly couldn’t care what you think of me random person on the internet.	0
What’s the backup lol?	3
Why would the family talk about this on camera?	5
Then go in loud. I did that my first playthrough	3
Give him 8/240, ship [NAME] and [NAME] to the Padres in a three-team deal for [NAME]. Boom. I solved the offseason. You're welcome.	3
I thought so too, glad I asked.	3
Yeah yikes I have no idea what happened there .... :(	5
Tell me about it. Talk about evil icecream haha	3
So basically she’ll fall even more for him lol	3
[NAME] queen will live until he is 86 years old. Thts what reverse flash said so its the damn truth	3
Well this has been interesting	3
Not even slightly.	0
That’s actually a great idea. I didn’t even think of that.	3
Always happy to help	3
Hey, me too. Good luck tomorrow	3
Lets make a new reddit. Everything here is a repost anyways. r/conspiracy is the most fun though. Lets start from scratch.	3
Hopefully [NAME] falls to 6. [NAME] can start the season and when the time is right move on over to the rookie	3
My prince!	3
Sorry for the delay. Nanaimo's a union/mill town, so no surprise the NDP won.	4
"I knew I didn't like this guy when the NPR commentator said ""He's the best option for attorney general right now"""	3
Great for him to admit it. Not many people are that humble	3
Are you an ENTP? That sounds like a pretty ENFP motivation to me. You don't have a flair, so just curious.	5
I was just about to comment this. She might be a wonderful human being, but I have suspicions.	3
One time at the moment, but I did feel so full of energy after.	3
Damn, I hope that lady unloaded the rest of the bread and cleared out like a fart in the wind before homeslice came back.	3
I wish the federal government would step in to take care of people. It’s overwhelming to care for them on a city or even state level.	3
Me too. I didn't want to promote anybody here but there are way cheaper alternatives with shipping benefits... If you know what I mean.	0
[NAME], too. [NAME] is very guilty of this.	4
Took me long time to figure out there are two dogs.	5
I'll put it into context. I love DBZ. I hated Battle of the Gods + Resurrection of Freeza. I *fucking adore* Super Broly.	3
That is absolutely terrifying to me. Oh my god. The idea that she was trapped as a toddler her entire life is just... wow.	2
Of course there are a lot of people who think feminism and diversity are bad.	3
supernova AOC <3, the lies the media gets away with. Glad someone is talking back with real umph	3
Where the fuck is that Kepner rocks person when we need them the most.	0
Thanks for the warning, I'll probably look into it anyway, but I appreciate you telling me that!	3
I think it's pretty obvious given the significance of how relabeling sugars has been handled.	3
Missed that part, but now I see where you are coming from.	4
Allow me to describe the shock and awe I experienced seeing this: **Fuck no why u do this?**	0
Might get hate for this but I'm reeeeaaaaaally not a fan of [NAME]. I don't know why, but I just don't LIKE her	0
Great defensive hustle! Good job by [NAME] and [NAME]!	3
This was a previously agreed arrangement a week prior. I don’t have unrealistic expectations, I just expect to be included in something that is pre-agreed.	3
uhh guys love natural beauty in a partner but the random effort is like a cool surprise	3
You did the right thing. You’re not ready to settle down so you stopped wasting her time.	3
She looks late 30s. She’s gorgeous.	3
Dang this is awesome	3
*Samsung Other Android phones don't have Bixby, that's Samsung's BS (and yeah, it's terrible. I have the button / feature completely disabled)	4
I'm just salty man. I hate playing Houston. I'm sure it's a nice place to live.	0
Because it was smh lol	3
Well at least it's your fellow countrymen treating you like shit now and not outsiders. Improvement amirite?	3
None at all. I dont like kids and dont want them. I got a vasectomy and it's a done deal. Zero regrets	0
He is very affectionate in all other aspects. That’s why it bothers me so much, I think	5
How dare you interrupt the circle jerk. Out, sir.	0
Whatever that means.	0
Less chance of complications and easier to get pregnant in your 20s. Assuming you are mature enough and prepared financially the younger the better!	3
I am sorry human being :(	4
Yeah, just wanted to do it myself. Not gonna though, after the concerted demoralization from commenters.	3
It's not that bad, I almost got squashed by a drop bear today but it's all good in the hood.	3
very confident !!!!	3
It makes being ugly even more pathetic. All that work just to create suffering.	0
[NAME], someone get her a green card so she can clean rooms at the Super 8 and stop obsessing on social media.	0
That seems appropriate. The referendum was a Tory idea aimed at solving an internal Tory party issue.	3
>First of All, Nationalism ≠ Protectionsim. Excuse me, yes, it is. Capitalists believe in globalism.	5
Really bad trap if noone falls for it	0
Thank you [NAME]!! I say we should add [NAME] to the team!	3
Adults seem to get more huffy than kids, who do go to school on their birthdays.	0
indeed, but im worried that this matchup will end up as the biggest bait since years and rookie will crush him badly	2
"They're not ""likes"" you fucking moron."	0
I would smash both	0
"I can't stop staring at ""[NAME]"". "	3
Another senseless tragedy.	0
I agree. There's no denying he's handled it pretty badly, though.	3
And yet nobody bat an eyelid when it was [NAME] who was palling around with [NAME]. I wonder why.	5
For a second I didn’t see the t in “stack.” Was wondering how you did that but nvm.	5
Ive done this to a couple of people. It makes me feel really pleased with myself. Just riding in circles around people.	3
Sushi is Japanese	3
You can see the regret in the eyes	4
Yes. Source: still getting paid.	3
Shhh bb it'll be ok	3
[NAME] somehow guides Killie to both 2nd and 3rd place, this frees up an extra relegation spot and Hamilton are finally flushed.	3
this reminds me of the time when [NAME] bought Bofo lol	3
He’s something of a genius himself.	3
Please point out my fallacious line of reasoning instead of insulting my intelligence. You are an example of a bigot that thinks he is wiser than everyone else.	0
Are you saying he screwed it up?	5
Still annoying.	0
Yeah, fat does that.	3
I think I love you. That pun took my broth away.	3
Congrats man! Which troop are you on?	3
Thank [NAME] for spoilers because if I didn't know any better I would be having a crisis over this Trinity performance for the next week.	3
i love it	3
No, it's because of the misogyny that's often present in the community.	0
Omg thank you for this Lol and the answer is obvious for [NAME], release Malicious Zangief who can teleport SPD and scowls really REALLY hard.	3
Oh look another shit call	0
Congrats. But that’s a new level of oblivious. Sheesh.	3
oh of course they were playing as nix	3
Aww fuckballs, I thought it was today :( My bad.	4
One of our friends (seen in pic) wanted to make a poster today. I provided the idea, he created this masterpiece.	3
This really is next level	3
Dang ol Mega-Low mart on frye!	3
Glad your a Liberal supporter.	3
What? lol no. I feel bad they have to, but there are legit people who enjoy wearing it to show devotion.	3
I remember when reddit's default subs suddenly turned from [NAME] to [NAME] in a day.	5
Things can be a little bit true, you know. It isn't all or nothing. Do you consider yourself a skeptic, by the way?	5
But it's still raping infantry. The case rounds OHK infantry up close. It's just horrendously weak against planes now...	0
It's actually pretty fun, or it would be if it would run properly...	3
Enchanted - [NAME]😍	3
Well, I hope everything is going well in your retirement. Do your best to enjoy it :).	3
Didn’t locals cry bloody murder about that and get it rejected? I hope the state tell them to pound sand and do it anyway.	3
His mom was a handsome woman!	3
"Astounding. People died. And the church's response is ""Thank [NAME] that the caravan moves on!"""	3
I mean, the whole point of this sub is to complain about not having a plate ...	5
And someone downvoted you for that smh	0
I will kill you all	0
This would be huge!	3
How ignorant of to care about the safety and well-being of others! Shame!	4
"Hence I used ""weird"". I know it's awkward, but it was indoctrinated into us growing up."	0
Honestly I’ve seen kids that age do really gross stuff	1
Thanks for sharing :)	3
Hard to tell	5
Interesting, I’ll have to try it someday	3
I mean it’s a default subreddit soooo... not really saying much lol	3
Super cool to see	3
Beautiful song and great moment in the story	3
That is really valuable thank you. Supplying stats definitely will help my writing, so thank you for the feedback	3
>You can't purge dissenting opinions over there like you do here. Yes, because top minds definitely doesn't purge dissenting opinions.	0
He was horrible	1
I haven't been much on this sub recently. Is this a common theme?? If so that's just freaky.	5
That sounds fun. I think I can make it. I have tickets already. I’m excited to see [NAME] play as well.	3
I checked there but thank you!	3
That's true. It's on you if you want to practice respect and kindness for its own sake.	3
Going small here... interesting	5
Hostile ? I disagree.	0
This is exactly as I was suspecting. Thank you for the solid advice. I won't go ahead with the sale .	3
Yeah that last one made me hate her the most for some reason.	0
I’m amazed how anti-government these people are. They have no understanding of what government does. Perhaps they should move to Somalia. No government there.	5
Bengals are a quirky breed 😸	5
Glad to see those refs from the Rams/Saints game landed new jobs in WWE.	3
I can name a favorite verse in the bible, it’s that one yknow, the one with [NAME] and [NAME]!	3
For the sake of football and this sub everyone wants [NAME] to win	3
That's fine I'll still be here calling out your ridiculousness regardless.	0
in the words of [NAME]: As big as you're gonna get, so enjoy it. Had to give you a career to destroy it	3
I wish [NAME] made the levels up to 100.	3
It's a bit of a saying from [NAME]. What I like to also say is love the person, hate the behaviour	3
It was funny until they started to diss on chick fil a	3
As always I leave reddit slightly more confused than when I came here	5
Confusing yet wholesome A cancer on a cancer that kills all the cancer, so maybe, cancer is the cure to cancer itself!	5
I thought he had a cool [NAME]. Was only slightly disappointed.	4
I'm glad your expectations are low..i am expecting full on knee jerk reactions if the game doesn't go well tonight.	3
[NAME] was the only one I actually liked, besides [NAME].	3
I can see how you feel , THIS DID NOT TEACH A CHILD TO RESPECT ANIMALS and im ashamed and upset honeslty no horse deserved that.	0
This is super old news	3
Wait did he actually do this? Seems like it would be insanely disrespectful to you fellow craftsmen.	4
This franchise has been breaking my heart longer than you've been alive. Awesome.	3
what’d he say?	5
It really do	3
Peeps poisoned our water supply, burned our crops, and delivered a plague unto our houses!	4
Happy Cake Day Ph_Dank! Today is your day. Dance with fairies, ride a unicorn, swim with mermaids, and chase rainbows.	3
I'm happy for you and myself.	3
That is brilliant.	3
It has to get better. Hang in there!	3
Hopefully you're ok now & doing some good stuff	3
My life is complete	3
Good job on 112 bro	3
Pressure 7 targets/10 targets, popcorn, any tracking, and any tile frenzy because I enjoy trying to beat my highscore	3
Sad because you don't get any women?	4
The fact someone could read your post and literally go and do this saddens me.	4
No one is going to create more competition for themselves	0
Genuinely curious, what year do you think we're in right now?	5
It seemed weird to me as well. It's just 10mcg of cyanocobalamin with some fillers like corn starch and celulose.	1
AND THEY ARE REALLY ANNOYING WE MADE FIRST CONTACT 30 YEARS AGO AND THEY'RE STILL SENDING US TERRIBLE MINION MEMES	0
Make sure you get that on video for the lawsuit. Hope she’s ok...	3
Your voice is beautiful, the lyrics are beautiful, you’re beautiful, and I’m crying. AMAZING JOB	3
[NAME] is nowhere close to the worst linebacker in the league.	0
Detroit can be interesting...	3
It was indeed , but holy shit is that cheap and [NAME] :3	0
Is this what people with too much money do?	5
Those are some interesting stats. I’m gonna save your answer so I can remember them for later discussions. Thanks for that.	3
What a fresh and unique criticism!	3
[NAME] does more than [NAME] so I'll have do disagree about that	0
I love Kaep so much for those 2 playoff games alone.	3
Go on. I'd love to hear more about this.	3
The best thing to come out of this result and today’s other games is that 6 point buffer to 5th	3
Still. He didnt have to go after that ball. Thats just his nature though, he doesnt give up. Hope its not very serious.	3
Nah man you need to have NEGATIVE IQ to enjoy that show, cuz the weed ain't working.	4
[NAME] blew it by putting [NAME] on the WS roster. He was horrible, and he hadn't pitched in weeks.	0
Whatever you do, don't give your virginity to anyone. You will regret it if you give it up cheaply.	3
I wish climate change could draw crowds like this. If only it were a more pressing issue. /s	3
Hahaha that’s amazing. Good for you	3
the fact that [NAME] still exists is somehow the strangest thing about this	5
I don't think that option in ranked would be a good idea.	0
That’s dope nice job	3
This is honestly amazing.	3
That was honestly my first thought I’m so glad someone else went there too	3
Places such as? Is [NAME] proposing we simply upgrade already existing barriers or build new barriers. And if the latter, where specifically?	5
Yup. Gotta get back in there 😂 Meant to type “habit”, obvs	3
You did so good for yourself though! If you had the mother you deserve she would have the sense to be proud of you. :)	3
I understand your point, but I prefer if we did not consider that.	3
I agree its needs a bit more, due to the 88mm gun, I’ve got the heat T round which really is kinda useless,	3
[NAME] I’m so sorry sweety	4
Who needs Super Bowls?	5
You will need power by it for the bolt to the level where you want to cut a bit easier to avoid getting it on the box!	3
"""This is just unprofessional"" lol"	3
Hey, good to see ya here!	3
I’d say every of those subreddits are freaking out but it’s basically the same people lol	3
"Safeco had these chocolate covered ""fruit kabobs"" that were damn good. "	3
But don't you see it! How dare she show two inches of skin...	0
Never again lol	3
Thank you. I have been watching a lot of porn lately and jerking off more and i think that helps. How are you doing?	3
I don’t get this question as they know full well exactly why I am not married!	5
Wow if ur mom didn’t come back for her card you were a goner crazy	5
Agreed. I don't know what the middle ground is, but it's somewhere between neglect through inaction and traumatic physical overreaction.	3
You’re an amazingly helpful man. All the rumours about you are false.	3
You are awesome, i envy you	3
I never used the word mean. Chill. I said weak and it is. Its sad aswell.	4
Yeah my kid bought it too at a book fair. $40!!! But it's a pretty damn clever book.	3
Wow, Canada’s yellow vests are way cooler.	3
I skipped the Oilers game for a birthday party for a cat. I’m glad I did that instead.	3
"Yeah that's about what I found. Not that specific page but I got into ""My Profile"" "	3
As I mentioned above I don't have the funds for that right now but as soon as I do I'll definitely be doing that	3
[NAME] buyin?	5
she looks so happy and well rested	3
Yes. Half the posts on this sub are about posing. I think the pose she is pulling is ridiculous too...	0
Oh no, the gig is up. I'm really [NAME]. LOL	3
Sweet mother sweet mother	3
Stay busy with good things, hang in there. Just take it 24 hours at a time. You got this,	3
Too bad we couldn't elect a good leader in 2016...instead we got a bum. Oh well, [NAME] is finished. [NAME] 2020	0
I just went through and read every single one. This is amazing	3
Water is not a human rights. That's absurd.	0
Sad part is there’s Flames fans that think this is true	4
At the very least our shithousery is better, and I highly doubt there's any [NAME] who can outda the da's on here	5
Why are you sorry for your grandma? She did what she had to do in order to get what she had paid for.	4
I dont like to give out my number before meeting. Maybe phrase it in terms of verbal convo.. eg phone,Skype etc	0
Haha penis.	3
you are fucking amazing. stay strong 💓	3
i feel like [NAME] doesn't fit with the rest	0
Nice job on those renders, they look great	3
You can't just make bold claims like that and provide no evidence.	0
No....no its not. Anyways thanks for being honest. I needed to hear it from someone else.	3
Please concentrate on ignoring that hateful troll	3
lots of games have already added what he's asking for, i don't know why he asked the question	5
I like my coons too	3
The double standard. Taking pictures of women without their permission is taboo and creepy.	1
It happened in back to back home games earlier this season but hasn’t happened since.	4
Last year was also the first time we drafted a lineman before round three since [NAME], so I think the earlier look at linemen was needed haha	3
If you are following the schedule, your kid got up to 6 in one visit...at 2 months.	3
You are retarded	1
This is the hardest I laughed in weeks	3
A fringe western movement is taking over Canada?	5
Love you too	3
Happy cake, why you have to miss it though?	5
"FS haha you are some guy. >""Not even the [NAME]"" Purely hyperbolic i imagine ;)"	3
I see... guess it just hasn't reached my little rock yet lol. I'll check it out, do some actual research.	3
It feels weird reading a VICE article talking about itself in the third person.	0
[NAME] was selfish as hell. Stop with the revisionist history bs	0
Ok.... he can *call* it the State of the Union, but that doesn't mean it is.	0
Prove me wrong. Provide a single YouTube link that works! Thanks.	3
That’s gotta hurt.	4
MRW someone asks me what that new annoying app that's always advertising on Youtube is.	0
THANK YOU! I'm back on planet Earth	3
“I have no experience being mean” is probably one of the sweetest things that I have ever heard omg	3
Race idealists are ridiculous.	3
The lines are going to heal straight?	5
You are valued and appreciated	3
Come to Nashville. Love to help with that problem.	3
Thanks for the info, give credit to the artist	3
Well the three games is all we have to go off of, and he was bad.	4
Maybe they mean like older kid free? I'd contact the coordinator and ask them if your baby is okay.	5
"The biggest argument on your side is depreciate costs. You could challenge their concern of ""getting fooled"" by getting the car inspected by an independent."	0
Like who? The one guy stranded in desert already hating his life...	0
Life is Strange is terrible. Absolutely zero gameplay...	2
Thanks for the clarity.	3
Yeah my girlfriend hates it when I joke about her weight. She needs to lighten up too	3
Sorry, I mean that closing the carried interest loophole would raise $18 billion over ten years according to the NY Times. I mistyped.	4
I would do this job for free! /s	3
Get out asap.	0
If there was ever such thing as a tasteful neck beard this is it. Such a beautiful bird	3
Frank's Pizza Bombay Pizza Downtown is also pretty good, a bunch of different flavors. Luigi's Pizza Piola Star Pizza Pi Pizza	3
Everyone is born an atheist. Some gets afflicted with religion usually via their parents.	3
Those are liberal comments, you fucking idiot. Liberals are capitalists.	0
I'm going to start this weekend! thanks for the tips.	3
Reminds me of [NAME] from the documentary THIN who purged food through a feeding tube in her stomach. This sounds dangerous.	2
It's ok to debate and reevaluate scientific things. Really it is. Scientism however is the idiology, religion, that useful idiots and politicians are pushing.	3
Again.. lolz.	3
You're right, I should stop being so worried about other people. Family is forever.	3
I don't care, [NAME] tweets make me uncomfortable and I hate him!!! - Liberals	0
>This is proven if you ever played NBA 2K. Lmfaoooooo	3
Have you read /r/NEET ? You'll find that not all people hate being unemployed - they choose to be unemployed.	5
😂 MIL would never have the self awareness to understand the double meaning but I think it's hilarious	3
This sounds like a tangent from Brows Held High. I like it.	3
Broken. Good and grtting better.	3
oh no	0
Dude theyre in a fuckin hospital. Take them their food.	3
That must smell so good. Oh i want some now.	3
"""Talk about vaccines again and your next shot will be from my gun... of crystals bathed in essential oils"""	0
And I dub thee [NAME]. An uninteresting name for an uninteresting person who has done absolutely nothing with their life.	4
The bonus video you linked is absolutely adorable!	3
Yep, just PC this time, sorry	4
"I read it as ""urinary breast implant"" and was quite confused I must say. "	5
Hate people like this	0
Hey, thanks for clarifying. I was trying to find news online without any luck.	3
Yeah it's like there's no difference between a prostitute or a girl they date except that one is free and has less diseases.	3
Everyone is sad on this sub dont take it personally if you don't get any replies.	4
I told you, I don't like ethnic food!	0
Always remember that when problems get hardcore, Pornshit will be there to Worst them.	4
Keep going sgtsoyboy... we are turning the corner this year and I will personally enjoy bashing another Superbowl-less season for the qweefs this offseason.	3
i gasped. This sucks. He was very very sick and I hope he's at peace.	3
You're welcome. Sometimes we just need a gentle reminder that it's okay to take care of ourselves. You got this.	3
Surprised Colorado ain’t got one the way things have been going here past couple years	5
Sending love! Feel free to update me on progress if it helps! illegitimi non carborundum!	3
No more [NAME] from Georgia. Suck it you old, ugly hag.	1
[NAME] is a gold digger but she’s actually a pretty cool chick	3
[NAME] strange dreams. one life is enough	3
That is by far too strong of a passive	3
Belief as Attire?	5
There's not enough salt in the world for her!	4
Well, supposedly [NAME] wrote TPM in only a couple days, and people hated it.	0
This show has completely gone downhill, can’t believe I waited a month to be disappointed smh	4
> She fucked my bumper up and I will forever hate her And her insurance didn't repair it because???	0
It did have an awesome geocache lol	3
I haven’t seen the episode yet but wow, what a reach.	3
Those ears...those horrible ears	2
the father sending up 4 donuts every morning via stair lift to dtr, before she even comes down to breakfast, wonders if he is enabling her.	5
You're too ugly to even bully	1
Good [NAME], you are right.	3
I love my state sometimes	3
What supplements/brands do you get? I've been looking into it but there are so many options, I don't know where to start!	5
EMAO fats (Eat my ass off)	0
i’m running, hiding & avoiding this man. poor girl. her story is a sad one	4
Is this legit or just a random house?	5
7-3 is the best thing I've ever done with my life	3
Lol imagine googling “whore” to jack off	3
Cant you just feel the unconditional love <3	3
Who are you referring to?	5
That was one of the most entertaining chalenges though. That and [NAME] slamming the table	3
I, for one, am glad you didn’t. Happy you’re still with us	3
If you are really so dead set against shoveling sidewalks, perhaps you should move to a warmer climate.	2
Oh man, I just realized my city taxes are paying for [NAME] nonsense!	5
Yup. I don't want to soil the paper unless I have something very interesting to write about.	3
Yeah thank you. I think I would want to know exactly what they didn’t like so I know what I can improve on.	3
I know right! I was mad and then blamed myself cause he’s scared of thunder and there was a storm while I was gone.	0
hhhh, lol	3
> What plans should I use to hide the scent of a decaying body? Can you bottle up his farts? Seriously.	5
Yep, they still have the youth sweatshirts as of a couple days ago. Wish they had adult sizes!	3
Hi! :) Because I am broke, I guess.	4
Dang, dawg. That one shocked me	5
Best FHE lesson idea ever.	3
What a great response!!	3
I hope my advice helps you. It's worth it. :)	3
Dear [NAME]. What country is this?	5
Oh, I'm dying to know if you noticed any reaction from him!	5
At least he had some good cushioning.	3
Like really when did it become about good or bad sex I thought we were taking about one sided	5
The guy is clearly kidding... not sure how you missed that	5
Sorry about that. I hope the fix is more appropriate. Thank you!	3
Playing hard to get	3
It shouldn’t say that, because it is not single payer	0
A 70’s Pontiac bonneville , it was a huge boat.	3
YES PLEASE... I thought they did a while back but maybe not. Either way, they should! Very annoying.	0
Annoyed by the people refusing**	0
"Thanks, I'd never heard this information. Only ""humans have the best endurance"""	3
Had my first kiss last month at 22. It does feel great. Good job bro.	3
I apologize if I came across that way, it was not my intention. I meant only to state a fact.	4
They were and will always be the best couple in the show. Team Slexie for life!	3
Have you asked her child?	5
Agreed, rarely get mad at ones like hun or darl. Being called boy by an old man however is infuriating.	0
Pretty much. Him and [NAME] will share ball handling duties. Point Lance and Point Outlaw in the house	3
Impossible. A Milford man shall neither be seen, nor heard.	0
No way, that was brilliant!	3
I think the unluckiest... is [NAME]. :(	4
Sorry but what map is Adlersbrunn? Edit: Ah nevermind I see (after zooming in, it is the [NAME] map)	4
He remains the only serve bot I enjoy watching.	3
I am really sorry that you are feeling this way. Sending you good vibes and reminding you that you are beautiful.	3
That's Crash Chaos Cats. Same username on other networks.	5
They really need to bring [NAME] son back to do more flashback scenes of young [NAME]. That would be SO GOOD	3
Wow, the video is a lot worse than I thought. His actions after he asks for the age is very uncomfortable.	5
Awesome. Im pretty jelly rn, im on a t-break for a month. Hope you enjoy. Sending positive vibes brother!!	3
Did you play Origins? I absolutely loved it, I’ve had reservations on getting Odyssey and I missed the sale on Xbox.	5
Thanks. I am. I make some new friends.	3
I’ve been hurt too many times for it all to have been for nothing	4
Now that is a valid opinion unlike your other ones. Unless you didn’t read all of what I said.	3
America is cool	3
They're all so cute~ Here's mine	3
I know, all the comments have me cracking up.	3
Wow I hope TSM keeps this new midlaner they picked up.	3
Because he's in dirt, and probably didn't have much practice	0
“You”. Netflix. Thank me later. Hang in there <3	3
I’m pretty sure your thinking of [NAME], although I could be wrong	3
Oh and I forgot to say HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!	5
But you do know it, so that's good	3
True but also it's not a dilemma ; if they try something like Tiananmen they will likely die. So not very tempting to try to change things.	0
When [NAME] like “should we have an alien baby” and [NAME] looked SO happy 😂💛	3
I love life, happy new year boys!	3
I guess we're just gonna have to agree to disagree.	3
They are, but they're rarer than winning the lottery on Christmas. That looks so shiny.	3
Easy answer - nobody knows. And knowing my country we will probably leave it to the last possible moment and then have an “oh shit” moment.	3
It's just the reliability of a Honda. But I don't know a whole lot.	5
Which was even more possible 2 years ago. It’s tougher now than it was with a larger republican majority.	5
The mods deleted it I'm sorry	4
Sometimes to do what's right we must give up the thing we want the most... even our dreams.	3
How did he kill u with kobolds btw?i wanna know how this was done.	5
Your welcome. A simple “thank you” would’ve sufficed. Didn’t need the long-winded response. r/ChoosingBeggars	3
Oh god [NAME] has a fucking gun oh fuck	5
Oooo sounds lovely. Armpit hair on “fleek”	3
Alright leaving town now. Thanks again. Taking my mom she’s always wanted to go to a game.	3
Not really haha Young Living announced that they'll be releasing a CBD oil later this month	3
I like taking 450 every 2-3 hours. Not the best hangover, but lots of CEVs and I enjoy the OBEs, floating thru the dark.	3
I CANT BELIEVE HER WIG STAYED ON WITH ALL THAT CAKE!!!! [NAME] tape really does hold back all, y'all. Alaska who?	5
I couldn't muster up the energy to read through it all. They're on a different level, and it's not a compliment.	0
Someone who wants to drink like half a pint of Jim Beam, that's who!	5
I was just watching the episode last night. So adorable.	3
How poignant.	4
I think I’d take the long view - the good news is that at least she’s not pregnant...	3
We’ve been watching OP for awhile and warned him about his posts. This one doesn’t rise to the level we warned him about.	4
This is love <3	3
I remember being 4 and so excited to help pair the socks after they were dried. Kids love being involved.	3
I think its safe to assume that we're clearly referring to the article and topic at hand.	3
Good. You know which ones you want keep your kids away from	3
Not enough that the median incomes for those without a degree to be close enough to those that did as to not be significant.	0
I'm moving to the UK in 2 weeks. This terrifies me.	2
This literally made my day!	3
10/10. The end had me rolling tho lol. Got me at the right moment.	3
I always thought [NAME] wore the most adorable outfits.	3
I never really hated [NAME], but now I love [NAME]	3
What a useless tool.	0
I agree. Girls digg when you take the lead on this, Just be upfront.	3
I'm so glad you're annoyed.	3
Very true thank you for the insight, this does help as I need to remind myself this is a new relationship and part of our reconciliation.	3
I'm excited for [NAME]/ [NAME] moments. My flair(s)	3
This would be epic.	3
why not get a innovative head coach? and not have your oc poached??	5
This is a new complaint I haven't seen before... I like it.	3
Me too! I got scared that I've been laundry inpaired my whole life and never even realized it!	2
Oh my god.... They used [NAME] voice!	5
Hmmm...I'm sure you were being very reasonable beforehand.	3
Thankyou for correcting me.	3
"Oh damn, that would have been the only correct response! ""Sorry, but I have a boyfriend."" End of conversation."	4
Gives me [NAME] 2005 bad memories.	4
This is fucking hilarious	3
Donteee blowee my coveree lmao I actually like how she talks	3
"""I will not return to those wretched mines!"""	0
I love this sub	3
Very interesting documentary, just shows how devastating one punch can be.	3
Agreed haha.	3
Damn, that's low.	0
There is nothing gross about being gay. Just means we're different, but we still experience love. Love is not gross.	3
Yeah, they're on whatever the opposite of a roll is today.	3
Just don’t feel bad. It’s their fault for taking it personally	3
i like memes, I just don't like following rules for making memes.	0
Thank you deeply for these words!	3
If you are at the stage where you want to quit then all you have to do is believe you can quit	3
So... I guess I'm the only one who thought she looked so much nicer after that trip to the salon?	3
[NAME] bless that batch tagger extension	3
Can't tell if bad troll or just ignorant knowitall	5
I feel the same man. Keep going bro!	3
There are millions and millions of girls in the world. You will find someone better, trust me	3
Yeah maybe shutting down all those barracks near the border wasn't a great idea.	0
Not as excited anymore about having the most difficult second half in the NHL...	4
I mean, it was season two level of “what the fuck are you doing writers?!”	0
I frequently have issues with these large temperature swing but it has to due with allergy pollen activation.	0
lmao yes, my reasoned, supported response to your unfounded criticism is most certainly an example of one of the points the hack artist tried to assert	0
I can't remember a time during my early childhood where I didn't dress up like my mom and almost break my little ankles in her heels	4
Yeah that happened to me twice a month for years with an ex. Maybe someday we’ll do it 😅	3
That wasn’t part of my plan	0
That's forward heavy punch right? Sorry I'm pretty new to SF	5
It's amazingly fun even after all these years. Aged terribly graphics-wise though.	3
My favorite parody in fact.	3
So just tell me I dont want to go look, was the video cut/edited? Or is it RAW? I MUST KNOW!	5
People still do? I thought everyone realized how overpaid he is	5
You don't need to escape to have fun, if you want to win just get some friends to play with.	3
This is funny though.	3
Men find that attractive because it's distinctly feminine. Well, let me add, women who love women love it for the same reason.	3
I guess that depends on the department. If you've racked up a ton of vacay time, it's possible for some cops to smoke weed lol.	3
Hey, it's good of you to do this, she may be sad but in the end it will be better for her. Proud of you!	3
"I hate it when the suits call our oncology program a ""service line"""	0
Pff sticking the bumper back on isn’t a massive task, I’d call it a win	0
I’m sure someone in the lions thread already posted something similar. They love shitposts haha.	3
sorry fam, but this is a repost on this sub as well.	4
I thought [NAME] trained her after the boxing was over?	5
Omfg. I haven’t seen this one before, and I’m in tears! Thank you!	3
Deflections don't help your cause.	0
I was impressed by your company in the initial post, but now I see they tried to fire you for their mistake. Glad you had some backing!	5
Carlton back to back wooden spooners. Champions of the bottom.. :)	3
Nope. Not how things are done around here.	0
It pains me to see [NAME] used in this abhorrent meme	4
That sounds like a legitimate reason. However she still gave herself a reason to say [NAME] constantly...	3
I know, this weekend was absolute worse case scenario	4
Yeah no.	0
Hey, thank you, I hope your issue has resolved also :)	3
Why would removing a star make it rainy? Without solar radiation and heat, how would water evaporate to form rain clouds?	5
Anyone who needs to get off, please use the Ashton Taper. Message for support, I’m here.	3
Yes please go get tested even if you don’t have any symptoms.	3
[NAME] fuck my brain hurts, way to early for this shit. Sorry in advance if English is a 2nd language	0
these people are holding our country back. Im happy natural selection is taking its course.	3
Fuck taking the high road. If I’m [NAME] I’m blasting the officials when I speak to the media.	0
I don't know how long I should wait or if its even a good idea. Im so co nfused	5
When I was a kid I had the biggest crush on [NAME] from Footballer's Wives. She's hard as hell now.	3
Well I guess that solves it.... For you. I'll keep trying to make sense out of the evidence since you fail.	3
I really like [NAME] and [NAME] on the court together	3
Thanks, that makes a lot of sense. I feel better already :)	3
You’re not alone OP. Stay strong. It’s rough now but everything will be back to normal soon.	3
Then I would just be like you owe me two sodas	3
Cool. I wish I could come to anarchopulco this year. Have fun.	3
I thought that said affordable, and i was really concerned	3
Maybe slw the fuck down eh	0
That's when you slow down and engage troll mode :))	3
My brah, [NAME] on the line up! Fuck yeah!	3
> But my god, that fucking face. Never mind her, what about him further down.	0
These 2 are repulsive little kids	3
lol INTJs may be less smart sometimes (definitely not always) but they know how to actually use their intelligence	3
As far as I'm concerned, [NAME] run for the WH ended with this twisted ankle.	3
Calm down. It's a real concept.	3
Yes, this at least makes sense.	3
This shit had me howling, which I can't say happens too often. Didn't expect to see comedic gold in that sub.	0
What is that black stuff running along the tub and into it?	5
I love this game already	3
We have a builder in the White House - build a dormatory. Wouldn't want to be an RA there lol.	3
Need chemicals. Love it.	3
I didn't know operation was a failure to be honest lol just knew what it was	0
Yes but they deliberately ignore what the Bible says and give their pagan traditions more authority than they do to [NAME] Word the Bible.	3
No clue, all I know is that Shia [NAME] hit themselves for some reason	5
You have nothing to feel bad about. It sounds like he needs to grow up and start paying his way.	3
Bridge trolls people, people trolls back the bridge, not sure what's happening now	5
Bioavailability is poor without an emulsifier, this is not a practical method of administration.	0
Could be worse, could be funky town	0
No worries. We just like to make sure everyone is safe and has a voice.	3
O no shes gonna go after mandy	4
Damn I wish I we're friends with [NAME]. I could use 197k	3
Thank you for saying so! I have loads more where that came from on my soundcloud.	3
Whoa this is really creepy	1
No, stop! He'll stop cranking the job machine if you insult him again!	0
So when a 22 week old infant is born premature, does that thing near worthless morally?	5
Their mere presence is all it takes, but being outgoing, gregarious or charming is icing on the cake.	3
Is that you? I love it.	3
No no, you don't thank a bot you say good bot Also happy cake day	0
I love the neck movement at the end 😂	3
What episode is this. You know, for a friend...	5
Normally don't like telling people the value of their opinion, but this opinion... Is 100% correct carry on	3
She looked the wrong way on a one way street. How are you that stupid.	0
Thanks. I will come to you with all of my apple-related questions!	3
thanks man.	3
Sure. The subject of her video was certainly creepy and obnoxious.	3
Lmao your posts are always good for an eye roll	3
Oh no I was laughing at that master trolling. that's like 20 years of buildup	3
Your mental health matters the most. You can't help him more than you do, but you can help yourself.	3
Thank you for sharing your experience. It adds much needed hope.	3
Awesome! Just got to see this sunrise from the air flying to SEA this morning :)	3
It looks cool, but I’m really hoping they open up a non-permadeath server and allow transfers.	3
Did that with an oven pizza at 3am in my underwear. Got burns all over my stomach	4
... Still laughed!	3
Yes please. Take the cheeto too, fuck it.	0
I’m hoping! She wasn’t bad at all in this episode!	3
Why do you guys hate [NAME]? I’m neutral leaning slightly positive on him. Just curious why the strong negative opinion?	5
Just change in the stall. I used to do it. No one will say anything to you about it it's normal	3
I hope mcd's charged extra for the sauce.	3
My opponent froze the timer, my match was only 1 second! Also ty.	3
I still wish if we get a deeper face customization like in RPGs.	3
I love having an airhorn that double as an oh shit handle. Safe hands, loud horn!	3
Gotta love how these are mostly done at churches, no separation there.	3
Wow yes, that is a perfect way to describe it.	3
Yes he knew the child was his. I was living with him the entire time and we were constantly together.	3
> us common peasant imbecile [NAME]. At least you admit it.	0
Simon's or the bay. [NAME] makes some merino ones that are unbelievable. They are not cheap though.	5
the fucking buffet part killed me, i always considered myself good at roasting but damn bro lmaoo	0
I loved [NAME]. She was too fine. [NAME] and [NAME] too. S1 babes were the best.	3
May i have joke I can't find it	3
Oh baby a triple!	5
It boggles my mind every day how easily conspiracy theorist stuck their flag in Trumpland.	5
This doesn’t sound very constructive so I’m going to move along but thanks for taking the time to respond.	3
His interviews are so awkward	4
I feel like she’s going to defect sometime between now and when the baby is 6 months old... I hope she sees the light! 💛	3
Twice in that article he implies these minority communities aren't ordinary [NAME]. It's disgusting.	1
Stupid Sexy [NAME]	0
Pleasure. I hope you find the virtues you are seeking in life my friend.	3
You can always view afterwards, no confidential votes in Parliament.	3
Yes I am. Not sure other than to give me your best answer. Yes, walking in your moccasins is my goal. Thank you.	3
Yes! I love her laugh so much	3
You don't look at accidents on the road? Yeah, I don't believe you.	0
Happy Birthday I hope this means anything, the little things matter sometimes.	3
I definitely rushed it. What do you think I missed?	5
If it makes you feel better im gonna be scrubbing out hard for a while so maybe ill see you round to give me another loss	4
Oooooow check it out, HIRED guy. *fist bump*	3
Makes sense but honestly the FO needs to accept they drafted wrong and just trade for DSJ for the sake of the team	3
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **8th Cakeday** jama211! ^(hug)	3
isn't a different model for [NAME]?	5
Thanks for confirming ☺!	3
Thanks,keep us posted if you will please.	3
You are not wrong. I have learned about myself alot while on drugs. Sometimes it's scarry when i find out how limited my mind is.	2
Me . Switched to badminton meantime.	3
Exactly. Nothing but a burden at first, but our boy knows how to fight now.	3
That’s no ordinary rabbit!	5
This is brilliant	3
I remember being a kid and everything I did was haraam like even looking at people was haraam :/	5
I'm good. Happy with my boyfriend.	3
Awesome ! That will be worth multitudes one day for certain. And such a classy gentleman, [NAME] is the best in NHL	3
The fact that [NAME] was not mentioned in this thread confuses and upsets me.	4
This was going on for like half an hour. He was drunk and causing trouble, so the tram drivers warned each other not to let him up.	3
that looks like a nightmare.	2
I haven't heard that name in SO LONG. They had this GBA game that was one of my favorite games of all time!	3
I think that's how the game will end. With [NAME] talking to [NAME] again. Don't know if I'm prepared for that	5
This is truly the most captivating trilogy I’ve ever read. Eager to read the third story.	3
Hey thanks!	3
Could not agree more!!	0
I think my mom is similar but I feel like I make things worse by trying to explain myself.	5
If you can spend more time insulting me than insulting my ideas, then someone else here is dumb.	0
Hahaha the build up is hilarious and the ending is the best. They really think he is badass	3
2017's sky high fees proved that this tech fails on a large scale. It's a disappointing reality.	4
That’s beyond disgusting in every way.	1
That’s not the period it’s referring to	0
Please come and visit again soon! Have a safe flight!	3
Two twin mattress on the floor of my room pushed together. Luckily one of us has a particular love for the middle.	3
[NAME] sure saved that one from swirling down the toilet. Thank you [NAME].	3
No. Spend all of it ASAP. Spend the evidence so you can get rid of it quickly and safely while also still being able to buy shit!	3
Doesn't explain why Tech only has 2 attempts, been driving the entire half.	5
Never thought of that. Now i dislike Heaven more than before.	4
They’re honestly a cult at this point. It’s not just sad, but incredibly scary.	2
>Why are you so worried about my comments when you live in Wisconsin ...what?	5
I'm still rocking my Pebble 2SE.	3
It's not murder if he wants to die, it's euthanasia. She doesn't necessarily have to be the one to do it.	5
I'm loving his new mask. Looking like a snack over there 😍🤤	3
It’s interesting that [NAME] is often the only little kid credited with being the one to desegregate schools in New Orleans.	3
The next step in human evolution is for humanity to end. Life isn't worth preserving.	0
Sorry bb :( I understand that feeling all too well, haha	4
Really seemed like a great guy :(	3
Thats pretty lewd.	1
It's hard for me to switch between english and spanish in the same sentence, sorry I'll try to improve in the future	4
Losing my Origin account? Oh no, how else will I play thousands of other non-shitty EA games now?	4
I love [NAME]	3
Mine is when my husband says our daughter’s emphysema is acting up. No, husband. Her eczema is.	0
It involves a relationship with a girl so I need a girls input, sorry I’m not sexist or anything.	4
What mental illness am I displaying?	5
Day 2 Feels good, man!	3
True despair.	4
The fact that this being brought up makes it a real scary feeling.	2
No questions are ever stupid. Glad you learned to be a nice person.	3
I live in America and wish I could support them but they're on the wrong coast.	3
This looks more like 1954.	3
Oh yes! Here's an Imgur link to the first three I saw.	3
Thanks for the suggestion, I’ll definitely have to hit that up once it gets a little warmer!	3
Get one. I love mine.	3
Thanks, I posted a new one with the source	3
Got it, looks like they're in my vicinity. Will keep this on hand- much appreciated.	3
Lol. My gamer tag is the same as on here if you ever want to squad up and play man	3
Go cry somewhere else please.	0
Sometimes it even feels pathetic which I know I should be trying not to be so hard on myself but, yknow, evidence is hard to ignore	4
My day gets better every time a poser is exposed, so thank you. Think of your own content and people will respect you more.	3
It's beautiful. I would eat it with gusto. Do something more shitty in the future	3
Brew bus in the Tampa area?	5
Thanks for the laugh lol	3
Don't be angry. Encountering toxic people in online games is common and you won't change that. Try playing single-player or games with more sophisticated community	3
An attractive woman falling down and exposing her butt. It's weird that he'd go so 0 to 60 on such a thing.	1
Too slow, I already found it ;) It is a great ad though.	3
Yes get [NAME] almost all the way the fuck out of here.	0
So we are really going to miss the playoffs in the same season as the 10 game win streak... THEY ARE WHO WE THOUGHT THEY WERE !	4
"""Sign our petition to make Qwandor the dragon a male! There are already enough girl characters. We don't need a third!"""	0
I was a little pissed off until I watched this loop 6 times. Now I'm happy! Weee!	3
Doesn't work for a newspaper. I was just laughing because I said to him that I could see that happening. Opened reddit and saw your post.	3
why thank you!	3
[NAME] IS ABOUT TO BLOW THIS GAME UP! Edit: wow thanks for the silver	3
i hope i can go my way to my fullest potential one day^^	3
Must’ve gotten it the wrong way round because he moves like a spry 82 yr old	5
What media is this scene from?	5
This, this is brilliant	3
What are you talking about, there was an update this week. And even then 3 weeks is not enough for a huge update	5
I’ll see you there. I laughed out loud at this one too. RIP.	3
Sending you love ❤️	3
Make a change make it small and manageable. Go for a walk. Smile at people.	3
Am I getting old or is that just really dumb?	5
I highly doubt they would do that in CA. That would put prices at 36$/pack and no one is going to pay 9$/pod.	0
Fucking refs suck my balls.	0
Bump stocks too I guess, I can't imagine why he actually did that though, perhaps his advisors told him to do it to pander	4
Lmao do you just watch for the gameplay? Wow idiot. There's more to Youtube than gameplay. F***. Off.	3
I like it	3
But then they couldn't be a self-martyring, violent tankie and that's not as much fun.	0
if its not for [NAME] i will combust into flames and I will die	3
Meh, it’s “next man up” over there. I’ll be worried when they stop making it to the playoffs.	2
That was the first thing we tried and we could not get it to work.	4
Aw thanks for the hug, and yeah he did sound like a jerk.	3
I definitely expected unwatchable pro-life drama and was quite delighted	3
Thanks! Life often ends up being the most beautiful when you least expect it :)	3
That's honestly what I thought too!!	3
What an obnoxious, drunk girl.	1
It wasn't an intelligent comment to begin with why would I take it seriously? Though I guess those 28 people did.	5
Think its time you let your butterfly self out, dear....	3
Haha, I wish, but not happening	3
Who da fuck wears swim trunks to a competition	0
These are some of the lamest threatening letters I’ve ever seen. She’s a metahuman who can you murder people with her voice.	2
Oh, I felt that despondency at the end there. Poor guy.	4
Glad you're rid of me? Pretty obviously breaking the sub rules there.	4
Due to work, gotta stay legal. Edibles aren’t legal yet sadly. Fortunately not taking it for cancer though, just pain.	4
What shouldn’t be lifetime? :)	5
As someone who live less than a hour where she’s from, it’s definitely fabricated/exaggerated.	3
This is such a cool idea. Basically an abathur that hats minions instead of heroes.	3
Sold out. Sorry my dude!	4
Idk I felt like that until I got diagnosed with a chronic autoimmune disease.	5
But the right to not have your property taken away from you is a right.	3
You’re dehydrated and exausted, drink lots of water and maybe get some sleep. You’ll feel better eventually.	3
For extra measure tape it right by your crotch so she can't take it for sexual assault reasons	3
Haha oops **amiodarone. This is why we need safety checks for drug orders. ;)	3
So, [NAME] was also paying to allow her to eat healthier. Let’s look at the bright side!	3
He appeals to the conversation. Basically doesn’t have a firm stance on anything of much importance and will flip flop based on his guest.	0
What an immature response. With a little passive agressive racism to boot. Classy.	0
Levels mate. Absolutely obsessed with our dominance.	4
As a fellow artists and raised by an N I just want to say congrats.	3
Luv ya too buddy 😝	3
Great tips thank you!	3
Shame. CLG [NAME] could've been a thing.	4
Yeah, you're getting points. Bring your insurance documents as well just to save yourself the trip back. They will ask for them.	3
This is so sad. #playdespacito	4
Thanks! Been clipping her for awhile now, I think I’m going to stick with her	3
Without the stupid caption this is kinda funny	3
You can talk to me. It'll be good having someone nice around.	3
I know 😢 it’s one of my life’s goals to see a moose in real life despite how terrified I will be lol!!	2
we legally can't do that now mr. [NAME]	0
Yes. One of her fingers is getting a sore on it and there’s concern it may push her into needing braces.	3
I grew up there!! Moved away 20 years ago but still my home. Hope you're having fun .	3
That's not really a solid method.	0
Miss you...	4
Meant to post in r/Photoshop . There are more people online on r/Advice , though. Thanks for reminding me. Can you help me with my problem?	3
Do communists believe in private property?	5
[NAME] is amazing how dare you	0
I want to see him succeed. Mostly because his last name makes me think of the bad guy from Shrek	3
I just want to say once you take action, stay safe!! Good luck. It’s the best to leave.	3
Can't wait	3
We got Munchak guys!	3
Now my mental image is narrowed down to a big imposing woman or a spidery woman that scares me just to be around.	2
Genius. I'm so doing this	3
I am so glad they didn't have this attendance in my day, skipping class would be impossible.	3
Welcome to the party, pal!	3
Not even getting my hopes up at all. Story of our life- Padres fan.	0
[NAME] sent her! She had to thank him publicly for this outlay!!!	3
I remember going to the US for the first time as a kid and being utterly fascinated by the cycle of lawyer/prescription drug commercials	3
What a manipulative, child of a man. Jeez, grow up.	0
Tf happened to him? You just said thanks LOL	3
Hope he enjoys the ticket he is going to get.	3
His other book was interesting, The Age of EM	3
What the FRICK	0
Pretty fucking brutal when your starting front court is 0-10 from the field. Whatever. I figured we would split this back to back anyway. Good game for our big 3.	3
I’m actually suprised they all didn’t follow him and now they all have to repeat junior year.	5
Joseph Vincent is the goat when it comes to highlights, I’m so happy he made a Saquads video	3
Doesnt have insane standards or anything. I don't see what's wrong?	5
Thanks, man!	3
I was raised solo parent so it was more of an angry hushed whisper when they thought I was in the other room.	0
I've been twice and both locations had a serious bee problem.	0
It wouldnt. Legalization would drive consumers towards legal vendors.	0
Okay that was funny lol	3
i love this	3
You're not, because I don't either. But I can still search Twitter. You know what else I found? Your evidence was deleted.	0
Welcome. By the way, so hyped for our game in September. DKR is gonna be rockin!	3
I don't like this gif and that makes me a [NAME] supporter? My argument has not once brought him up. You are an insidious liar.	0
Those are the [NAME], they sing backup for [NAME]. They’re awesome!	3
ESPN and sports is not a good combination.	0
I hope that's real lol	3
I'd hardly call them innocent if they're reveling in the thought of more mass shootings. People like that deserve worse, quite frankly.	0
Wow dan I like being up at 4am....	3
A girl has grown up a lot since she was a 12 year old on the show, and she's grown up to be so beautiful as well.	3
"I agree, but people always respond with ""muh eugenics! Literally [NAME]! Human rights!"""	3
Thanks, but to my mind, I had no choice. My marriage is everything to me.	3
Indian/East Asian?	5
Hey good news it works! I'd shove it in your ass and show you :)	3
That face too. Everything was perfect.	3
It wasnt a terrible idea until [NAME] got injured and [NAME] got complacent	4
I FUCKING WIN	3
came in here ready to congratulate myself for the hot take of voting for [NAME] over [NAME] before realising that I didn't see [NAME]	3
Sounds sweet man, nice memory to have!	3
Nah axe is ok	3
Thank you! It really means a lot to me	3
##EVEN IF YOU DONT WANT TO WATCH IT, GO TO 40:20 AND WATCH FOR 20 SECONDS, I SWEAR TO FUCKING [NAME] YOU WILL LOVE IT	3
I disagree with all of what you just said but I am in the same booooaaaaat.	0
we were frauded the whole time about how pure she is. turns out she's actually trash.	4
Still pretty embarrasing though :p	4
And that is simply why it is (or was) illegal. And why it was classified as a class 1 danger. MONEY.	5
what time is it now? i’m definitely in a different time zone	5
I mean it’s kind of weird that they miss that part we’re the Bible acknowledges other gods for selfish reasons	0
True. Guys who are legitimately ugly (a facial deformity) don't even have the chance to make an impression.	3
She should be FIRED	0
YES!!!!	3
Cannibalistic Humanoid Underground Dwellers... I never saw the movie, myself. I thought it looked pretty stupid.	0
Broooooo Just cause I can use my PC to play Earthbound doesn’t mean I don’t want it on my TV	3
no no no you don’t understand! personal responsibility means nothing! it’s all [NAME] fault! /s	0
This is the word or at least Attitude of King. No problems man.. and have a poor grasp of the statement honestly.	3
Im not looking to be forgiven lol. I still stand by what i said. Pll only read half my comment and ran with it	3
I used to when i was younger, but then i got old and started caring about conserving water.	3
He has a youtube: Great watch.	3
I feel sorry for him. He gotta be an awkward guy who has no friends.	4
STOP GETTING BEAT WHEN YOU HAVE THE ADVANTAGE!	3
Oh yeah its that other chick who looked way to young to be in highschool	5
Thank you. If im not authorized to pickup from daycare tomorrow ill get my daughter friday with this court order and the police if necessary.	3
yeah great idea, get buffed like an animal then shoot bricks in game	3
She looks pretty big to me. I doubt she’s within a healthy weight range.	3
Damn ive been hard on brown but he's been looking like 15-16 [NAME] this game	4
It took a surprisingly long time for this to be seen by me on this sub.	5
Wow dude.. *furious notetaking* ..*any* kid??	5
Hey I'm from Htown too! What bar did you used to work so I know to stay away? Haha congrats on leaving!	3
What’s the clip from? I’m scared to put “teen boy good kisser 900 number” into YouTube	2
And a happy holiday to you.	3
Really hoping this is a smokescreen and we just go BPA then take Fromm next year	3
I just want to point at that yes, fuck [NAME], yes he's subhuman, but that tattoo is not of [NAME]. lol	3
"I hope he runs so he can lose decisively and we can get rid of this ""should have been him"" crap"	3
Sweet seats! You're lucky to have been there!	3
I love the way he looks at them to see if he should keep panting.	3
It was a wild circus for a few years here, lol	3
Their Core album is. Literally the 1st genre listed on Wikipedia is grunge lol	3
So [NAME] doesn't do the social media anymore? Is the NSP stuff enough without a GG salary now?	5
damn thats good	3
This is hilarious! Please share if she tells us what she thinks the difference is.	3
$42,000 fine over a JOKE is unreasonable.	0
I am usually quiet in those situations, but I will occasionally throw in a joke to get everyone laughing.	3
Oh wow. Gotta visit it one day.	3
No. No it isn't. Its a bad sitcom joke.	0
You think 60% is shafting anyone? I think Tellius is sub 20%.	5
I love that fray. I wonder how he got it.	3
That's not what I've heard ;)	0
Thank you for an informative answer	3
I'll do these changes. Thanks!	3
Can’t hold this against Tennessee. [NAME] just won’t miss. I’m impressed that Tennessee has stayed in it.	3
this is my worst fear	2
is there any specific reason it can't be kept in Perth? the donations page doesn't give away much	5
There's having fun and being a hoe, OP seem to assume what she is, so ni worries for her.	3
Then I would greatly appreciate a concise yet informative rebuttal on what I have wrong, Doctor.	3
Lol thankfully you guys only had a pedophile as 27th and 31st Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Alabama.	3
Obvious satire lol	3
I’m here,it’s tough but I’m here.	3
I love her	3
The Young turds are especially bad and they’re not even sly about it either.	0
Lol still makes me laugh	3
Yeah, it is for the organizers	3
Who will rid me of these meddlesome Golden Knights?	0
I really don't think healthy people with no other emotional issues regret having their kids.	4
I love that this gets light. Keep talking. Especially AOC. Don't stop.	3
Not quite sure what was really dickish about my comment aside from the seems fair part.	5
Love the Chappelle Show reference by [NAME] at the end there.	3
I believe my wife will laugh at this, i'm gonna try it tonight!	3
This is adorable.	3
Last year preseason was in December, but the season started in January. I expect pre-season to occur some time during the second half of this month.	3
[NAME] has had a great game so far. Really promising.	3
If [NAME] wins, we won't see him until WrestleMania lol.	3
Yeah its confusing why this gets me out of sorts so much	5
I'm not looking for pity or sorrow. Thanks for your input.	3
"Who are real ""[NAME]?"" Be specific which, denomination is the one true denomination?"	5
This question is kind of funny because it’s one of the main points of argument between the sides...	3
Haven't noticed this comment before but, fcking [NAME], [NAME] really has become a household name hasn't she...?	0
Thank you, I have received help already.	3
thank you for the laugh	3
I think the dog is mostly worried about being fed and let outside when the last of the humans stop coming home.	3
Thanks for the info	3
It’s the comment about smelling her that makes it pure cringe.	2
This is the first time I'm seeing this. This definitely what I would call toxic masculinity.	3
Do these Salinas officers not realize that no-shave November is over?	5
[NAME] is POG indeed. I was kinda hoping to see him join Paris Academy team though.	3
I'd love a 2D animated [NAME] trilogy. You can really go wild with animation and wild is exactly how I'd describe [NAME].	3
I love how she literally held [NAME] back, a few times. They’re adorable.	3
Thanks for the sharing your information.	3
Please just give [NAME] some rest. He looks tired.	3
Something tells me no!! Lol.	3
You're very welcome, and I hope it's the hardest thing you ever have to do--meaning I hope it's all downhill from here.	3
Thank you for your concern fellow conservative	3
Good god there’s so many cheapskates here trying to justify it by insulting me! Pretty funny tbh	3
Last time i knew stealing posts from other people wasnt a rule	0
As someone who's been trying to break the bad eating habits, I feel you.	3
Lol, good luck with that, kid.	3
That was a hell of a tip, that happens	0
Sorry, didnt realize. Anyway an r/woooosh so...	4
An hour ago I was not but when I saw this comment I was in the kitchen looking at my phone lol	3
I can't help it! These stories make me REEEEEEEEEEEE so hard!!!! Kidding :)	3
I feel you, mama. I hope tomorrow is a better day.	3
Me too! They were half off at the grocery store and people love ‘em.	3
Was gonna hit you with the /r/gatekeeping for that elitist mentality, but you recognized your errors. Props.	5
Trolling cat lovers used to be funny, 24 years ago.	3
Thanks for reminding me of her response video, that was gold	3
What country? That sounds like a sad septic system. I'm sorry.	4
Thanks bot, I was and plan to have a great day despite this negativity in this comment section.	3
Lol that’s great. Grew up in north jersey and had the opposite experience	3
Haven’t forgotten, but let’s get his ridiculous defense up to par.	0
Women aren't smart enough to see an intellectual kino du art like [NAME] multiple times	3
I’m surprised she didn’t name him Allesandrostien	5
. The only thing that matters is that [NAME] was murdered and those responsible must pay.	4
I love how they added a camouflage hat on the australian dude for no reason at all	3
You mean you love their meat right? You dont love chickens.	5
Clearly not or you wouldn't have fallen for Leftist propaganda.	3
Imagine if [NAME] wins the power and uses it at the noms, not realizing [NAME] wasn't even planning on nominating her lol	3
>Teamates lap ruin Omg nothing makes me so angry same as running towards the hook or gen with the killer behind. Run somewhere else!	0
It will be painful but it will be worth it! Good Luck, and may you never be a slave to a drug again !	3
Good job [NAME]!	3
I'll have to start paying attention to the Diamondbacks now. Hope he does well out there!	3
That guy who melodramatically dances around playing horribly soppy poppy chord progressions over and over and does a cringy dance that makes me want to kill things?	5
"Why does your flair say ""Wasted Energy""? "	5
Nah she's just a dull asari doctor, with a pleasing voice.	0
Well I will get to your disagreements. However you maybe the last FIFO worker that exists in Alberta, however, don't take it for granted.	0
Congrats! You inspire me to try my best too!	3
What exactly do you personally think that meme is saying, please point back to the meme for each argument you make.	5
I'm sorry to hear that! But thank you for sharing I imagine several years of not seeing someone you care about would be draining!	3
I don't believe it is. like other posters have said, you can do better. I know it's hard but you are strong.	3
"Without Googling it? Are you kidding? (Please don't look up ""kidding"" in the dictionary.)"	0
I love [NAME] but he seems to enjoy deleting his videos after a while :(	3
Oh man, I didn't expect that: It kept rolling on his face!	4
Miner rewards are being reduced from 3 to 2 ETH per block. Why would that indicate a sell off?	5
Good trade yesterday and happy with the front office, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaand it’s gone	3
No. That’s an actually pot plant. You have to do some extra work to keep it blooming each year.	0
As the global wealth concentrates into fewer and fewer hands, I for one, welcome our neo-feudalist world order.	3
Holy shit this speaks to me.	5
lol [NAME].	3
Thanks for the share!	3
He starts mildly enough with a pucker... then when she *backs away* he opens his mouth and goes further. Seriously - what kind of idiot is that guy?	0
I think that making someone an approved submitter might get around that. Not 100% sure though.	3
Oh [NAME] this is going to garner such hate hahaha	3
Oh dear [NAME]!	5
Misread. I’m with you my dude.	3
Trolls are not even trying anymore. Im offended by this half arsed attempt to get a rise out of me..	0
This idea is brilliant.	3
Well hes asking is it possible and the answer is that it is possible to be honest.	3
You win the Internet today. Fuck all the other winners. You’re the real one.	3
It’s nice to look at the comments and see other people who don’t like this.	3
That's a good idea! Unfortunately don't have a vehicle big enough, so I'll have to hire someone with a truck.	3
"I'm a bit late. What's the ""AAAAAH FUCKING WATER"" reference?"	0
Search your feelings, you know it to be true	3
Agreed. Everything she did was bad. She didn't anything good at all. Edit: Grammar.	0
Damn that is impressive. Can we draft an entire o-line from them?	3
The books are pretty cool. They even get into the nerdier science side of being able to teleport.	3
This person shouldn't be allowed to drive ever again.	0
Game day activities would be my guess. Not positive though.	0
I still can't believe [NAME] actually gonna be in Smash.	5
I love every bulge, scar, stretch mark and jiggle. Every single one tells a story I want to hear.	3
damn, congratulation 🤣	3
it's not up to the drivers, its up to the owner. Owner doesn't have to drive in the ice.	3
It always upset me that [NAME] would require his only son to do this I no longer believe it	4
I understand this keeps many dairies afloat (source neighbourhood dairy guy, so not 100 per cent sure it’s accurate).	5
Drugs are a hell of a drug...	0
Love you, [NAME]	3
Don't go pushing your shame on others. I pull my weight my dude.	0
Thanks for not answering my question. :)	3
"The only ""pro choice"" I like is pro choice of guns! Another LIBERAL trolled epic style"	3
He drinks all coffee with cream. We already know he’s not above disgusting liquids.	1
The right had both houses and the presidency and they wait until they lose the house to pretend they care about passing wall funding. So brave.	3
Welcome back to H town!	3
Same thing happened (to a slightly lesser degree) with [NAME] last year and it made for a lot of heartbreak that some never quite got over.	4
So everyone’s cool with the corn rolling on the floor then? alright cool.	5
ah dang sorry. in that case idk.	4
I feel uncomfortable how we didn’t see him resurface...	4
Shaun Of The Dead is way more comedy than horror, good laughs.	3
Thank you :)	3
This is my favorite picture in this sub	3
I used to love watching movie reviews and video essays. But it’s seems like I can’t enjoy anything anymore	4
heh, I remember that commercial.. Was pretty cringy	4
Love the beauty of nature.	3
In the era of [NAME], and to a lesser extent [NAME], I’m not sure this is a bad thing.	5
no problem!!! :) have a great day, thanks for taking the time to comment	3
This is extremely dangerous. And would completely marginalize anyone without a chip. Making it an absolute necessity for everyone to have a chip.	2
Not sure if you're joking. Not sure if I disagree. But since the point of high school is daytime teenager containment google would not accomplish that.	0
Killing goblins is not murder hoboing. [NAME] should have done that himself, really.	5
Ha, I just saw that highlight. nasty	1
They actively supported it before *mysteriously* going silent about it during and after the 2015 Labour leadership election.	3
TRENDY PEOPLE DANCING WITH PRODUCTS	0
Unpopular opinion: I'd rather the team signed 26-year-old [NAME] over 30-year-old [NAME] coming off another leg injury.	0
Get help.	3
Go spidey go!!	3
If you know anything about those sources then either you understand the dismissal or we aren't going to agree.	0
Ah, interesting. I couldn't find a translation like that. My French is very basic though so it might be right!	3
Nashville as a whole is easily one of the most classist, racist, judgemental, prejudiced cities I've set foot in.	0
I have no idea how we are down by ONLY 13. Its truly a miracle.	5
>Ordinary Men by [NAME] Thanks for the recommendation. Got it ordered on kindle from Amazon.	3
I missed this. Wow that is a travesty	3
Yeah i know that feeling, i don't know if they abandoned it, i ordered this on amazon.	3
I'm a PR and I've been lucky enough to have millions in capital and that is ALL the statue states.	3
Looking for a deserted island and packing up lots of books.	3
I haven't seen any of them, thanks!	3
what a cute outfit omg	3
I hope you aren’t saying that there is no co-relation between imperialism/colonialism and standards of living in the West, in this case Britain.	3
Wow what a surprise...	5
I agree about that hill and visibility. Why they put that Starbucks in a poorly accessed place is beyond me.	3
That's awesome	3
Thank you for sharing your thoughts. What about alternatives to enable change?	3
That dog actually looks flatter too.	3
This makes me happy. Happy new year everyone	3
Was really hoping he’d drive off with it (sigh)	3
not my kid, not my problem. Best comeback ever xD	3
[NAME] frenzy it's a joke	3
you are correct, but now it is over. and i cry	4
Thanks for admitting your a slob	3
is a really nice resource i found while trying to find out how to write my first non-new grad resume. Hope it helps!	3
Good luck.	3
Lol i love this person	3
I'm not crying YOU are crying!!	3
Fuck this team. I’m done, we all should boycott this bullshit	0
Thanks for the clarification	3
Wow! This got far more real than I was anticipating.	5
I loved [NAME] as a little kid but I wanted jean's powers but I couldn't stand how goodie goodie her and [NAME] were.	3
I know it's 40C over here lol	3
Amazing. Idk how to keep the house clean. It is impossible to manage laundry.	3
Hear, hear. I'm just lucky my career field is relatively un-fuckerized. Truer words have never been spoken.	3
Agree. Keep trying, then if your rejected every time. I'm sorry your done.	4
I’ll agree with you on that, I think it would fit well on someone’s forearm!	3
NEXT TIME! ON THE CURSE OF OAK ISLAND!	2
Stalking is kind of beta. He should have kidnapped her on horseback.	3
and how much time did it take?	5
No worries. Have a nice day.	3
Amazing bot, you’re doing great sweetie	3
Just so freaking miserable. Trying to make me miserable as well	0
Holiday getting abused as usual	0
That was painful to read.	4
I'd love [NAME], boy can shoot	3
Lots of tourists like taking pictures with the locals. Don't feel so bad, OP. It's also entirely possible your father was mistaken.	3
Hate to see him go. The only thing I’m complaining about besides this was the hagelin trade back in November. Both hit home	4
He’s too old for [NAME]	0
I wonder can they basejump to the bottom.	5
I appreciate everyone on this sub	3
That's my favorite type of plane.	3
Realize that no girl is perfect for you if you're not perfect for her. I feel for your disappointment tho. Keep on truckin'.	4
Once upon a time I got banned for a whole day because of bad behavior... Oh wait that was all of us...	4
Whichever was toxic first, easy. This is why we ONLY camp when one of them is toxic first.	3
Haha I’m two edibles in and have shoveled twice...	3
Be thankful.	3
I love how he says the crime *solving* boat, like there was another show about a boat committing crimes.	3
I liked [NAME] too, but I'll take [NAME] over him 10 times out of 10.	3
For futures sake, if someone is in the Midwest, where would we opt to play?	5
As a former smoker, I would support it. Smoking is awful.	3
He makes my man bits tingle. Loved him in Robin Hood Men in Tights just as much.	3
So beautiful 💕	3
I have a headache from watching that	0
Whoever is breeding and seeking out these inbred animals is vile.	0
A surprise to be sure! But a welcome one	5
Aaaaaand soccer! Hopefully...	3
Yeah it's a weird thing people do	0
I laughed so hard at this. 🤣	3
Irrelevant what is deserved, as if that's objective. The only thing that matters are the facts and they don't support a move like this.	0
The pats losing is a good thing.	3
I haven't messed around with it that much, everytime I go in it seems like people are looking for players way better than me.	0
Underaged drinking in Wisconsin... get out no way!!!	0
He had a poor year in 2000 but a really good year in 1999 that helped the Mets make the post-season.	5
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make it think.	0
burn the witch!	0
While I understand where you are coming from, this is a tad too aggressive.	0
Same. Ugh	1
Lol. Yes! [NAME] and his $14,000 suit love you but please don't touch him.	3
Desperate times call for desperate measures.	3
"It's called ""internalised misogyny"" and feminists are aware of it and discussing it. Thanks for your concern though."	3
How old is this? I remember he was hugely FB popular back in like 2011. Him and [NAME].	5
Well he hasn’t dont anything good ever. So sorry I’m not very excited about this trade.	4
But it doesn't matter. You probably have different taste in music than me but it's fine because that's how you feel.	3
It looks nineteen to me.	3
Keep your expectations low and you're less likely to be disappointed?	3
Made me chuckle.	3
"I mean, okay...I don't support those so-called ""religious liberty"" laws, soo...there's that."	0
Can't speak for that dude, but I'd say hell yeah they're a hate sub.	0
It's all fun and games until somebody loses an ear.	5
[NAME] this is so true, sometimes i will remember it like 5 years later and still regret it	4
Goldfish are awesome pets, they are cheaper to replace than they are to feed! :D	3
"That's a funny way of spelling ""Don't make me feel bad about my bad choices"""	3
He is the main character. They are gonna have him in every episode somehow lol	3
haha thanks, let me know how it goes when you use it.	3
They do realize that the guy in the first picture is from a musical that mocks the [RELIGION] religion right?	5
Understandable. Retail sucks and people are nut	5
Cheers mate.	3
Nikon D5100 with a 55-300mm lense. Still don't know how to use it well. Edit: Thanks! Edit again: A word.	3
Why on earth would that happen? Do you really just discard all reality and think of things in terms of a pantomime?	5
Did you miss the other guys link? I noticed you didn't make a comment towards him, even though he posted it around the same time.	5
That's this whole sub lol	3
Thank you! On the positive side I’ve gotten a lot of work done after panicking and giving up looking for my pill pack	3
Ahh giving cc when no one asked for how nice of you.. /s	3
Wow, you really need a break. Maybe men just aren't for you.	3
Yes. It's a good trigger for discussion to move past [NAME] model, though.	3
I borrowed an old wedding dress from a museum. It was a one size fits all kind of dress. Thank goodness!	3
Damn right.	3
I miss big daddy buff	4
Subscribed! I love it.	3
Definite Fridge Horror moment for that movie. That poor man.	4
Cool! Well I look dumb but I learned something	3
Just stunning my meats	3
I don't follow him but I don't see a problem if he wants to do that. Maybe he's just inquisitive.	3
If he feeds the RBs and designs some QB fakes that actually fool defenses I’ll be happy with everything else	3
Oh. My. [NAME]. This entire post hurts my brain. It's beautiful	3
Haha, then i am in... :)	3
What a career for TBA. Started on the wing for Qld in 2002 and now playing at prop for the Indigenous side 17 years later.	3
Stupid pipe ruined a pretty good debut	0
Poor and lonely.	4
But, it entertains you.... in some way. Thats the point dude.	3
Kudos to you my friend. I'm so glad you are still here with us! <3	3
I thought they left that address and moved to Henderson.	5
Think we need a sub dedicated to miserable reviews.	3
I spend a lot of time worrying about how and why that'll happen to me as I get older.	2
Below Springfield Illinois dweller checking in. Thanks for sharing the ILGuns sub!	3
It happened and I'm very happy	3
Good job. :)	3
And then thigh high socks in addition?	5
I'm sure this is only because there's less people there	3
Tried to take first one but says invalid. Thank you anyway.	3
This has to be made as a satire of terrible memes . Like r/okbuddyretard material	2
Maybe we’re on a secret real life version of Dinner for Schmucks?	5
Pet-sitting is over, didn't know I was lonely without a doggo until now.	4
I'm pretty sure she wants to be alone with you	3
Thanks for this. I appreciate everyone involved.	3
Will you ask her to pray to her god and ask him to stop giving kids cancer!	3
“No, you cannot get better” LOL	3
its here! nice	3
How long do you think manga will go on? Its fairly long now at 216 chapters and I think it's in it's late stages.	5
No thank you.	3
When I see a Lynx, even if far away, oh trust me I'll go to that cat and focus only him before anything else	3
Your welcome. Feel free to share it to those who also need it. 👍	3
Ah I was confused which side you were on :P	5
I'm sorry to break the news to you. :(	4
>arent as attractive as their peers Except for the women who date older RICH men, those tend to be more attractive.	3
Wow [NAME] is back I hope to see better pain defense when the second unit is out there.	3
Seeing Capital Cities live so learning to sing Chartreuse out of excitement.	3
What makes them [NAME]? Tf	5
Why thank you	5
Thank you! :O	3
Yeah. She kills herself, but by accident.	5
Not cheating and not using exploits is honorable. Other opinions are not relevant imo.	3
Hi, [NAME]! I hope you have the best day ever! -HappyFriendlyBot	3
Obviously excluding shotguns..	3
True, so just basically everyone. It needs to be easier to get a gun than it is now anyways	3
Hi, [NAME]! I hope you have a wonderful day! -HappyFriendlyBot	3
you can please some of the people, some of the time, but you can't please all of the people, all of the time...	0
That’s what I think as well.	3
Got boarded, ejected, and ship damaged... very poor tactic.	1
death of drone is hilarious, like a scene from theater.	3
This was so good I groaned audibly.	3
"""[NAME] will be Turkey's Vietnam"" yeah, we saw how that went lol "	3
"Doesn't matter how much experience you have, you're still delusional and most likely attracted to the ""wrong"" kinds of men"	0
Damn, that's the only war we lost.	0
Damn I wish there was such a service here.	3
Much appreciated !	3
Best number! [NAME], [NAME], [NAME]	3
Oh, you're *actually in* several of those subs. lol. Ok then.	3
Have you tried warm tea with honey?? That always helps my kids throats when they are sore!	5
Foundation by [NAME] is a great short read.	3
I love how dramatic it is. It's perfectly self aware	3
you're misinformed	0
No dude. This person has two sick kids and is taking you back to their place... yeah, just no.	0
I hope he learnt more in his degree than that	3
Shut up [NAME] we’ve had enough of experts	0
Thanks man!	3
Newsflash: Ugly people cheat, too. Cheaters cheat. Cheating is a behavior, not a look.	1
Isn't North Dakota more important? Or are they just the sacrificial canary in the coal mine?	5
Your wife has beautiful nails!	3
It would still be like hardcore then, you start a new life but retain nothing from the last	3
You need medical help.	3
Wow, that's awesome you heard that in the wild.	3
Some people might be into that. There are some freaky people out there.	0
Goat sighting!!	3
There has been the odd occasion without condoms. No deep penetration, but never the less. Some. I feel awful.	1
i feel like there’s actually very few refs I really like. a lot of them lack consistency.	3
That's such a well said last sentence...	3
I miss the Scottish [NAME].	4
Man this sucks. Hope you’re enjoying life in a big house with lambs!	0
I’m glad at least one good thing could come from my experience!	3
Why does everyone insist on trying to do this? Just open the [NAME] damn bottle with your thumb like a decent human being.	5
Same here, i hope my upcoming trip is gonna kill me	2
Very disappointed to find out that you can’t play NCAA football on PS4. Wack.	4
The [NAME] are all laughing at each other. They are divided. We need to strike them down while they are weak.	3
What a bullet, and what a sequence for [NAME]	3
He did get 3 stars bro😭	4
What a great comeback win! I think that [NAME] goal gave the boys the confidence they needed for the 3rd!	3
Does anybody know who has the contract to build it?	5
"When did he claim it was ""destroying Western civilization""?"	5
You have an amazing boss. You're so lucky.	3
How do you know of this? Also dont spoil for me I'm looking forward to the new episodes.	5
Please, please, please get help.	3
WHO WAS DRAAAAAAGED DOOOOOOOWN BYYY THE STOOOOOONE	0
"The fact that this podcast isn't called ""Z-Targeting Dio's Balls"" disappoints me greatly."	4
That last sentence pains me	4
Thank you. I thought I was going crazy for a sec.	3
First I was afraid, I was petrified...	2
Don’t fall for it.	3
I am sorry but how in the hell is there no added time added ?	5
yeah what happened in this comment section... Hope these people are ok. TDS is very serious and real.	3
Thanks bud!	3
I love my Red Wings because they're incredibly stylish and I still feel like I could stomp a mudhole in somebody's ass	3
How mature of you. Resorting to name-calling is delightfully childish. I expected nothing less.	3
This story puts me in the mood for a jolly rancher	3
I like it, more please.	3
Sorry, not from her. But from family and friends. We were open to each other about everything.	4
I'm sorry man sounds bad	4
The Dime on Commercial has cheap eats (but expensive drinks) and usually has a good crowd. A bit small but very lively.	3
You’re right, I have come across that as well. I have been driving long distances for too long! Congratulations on a shorter drive!	3
I see, I can't see it. I'm on mobile. Thank you very much for the info. Have a lovely Wednesday afternoon!	3
Because it's not mildlyinfuriating that you have to ask strangers to not be assholes?	0
*Succession* was fantastic. *Barry* too	3
Sorry, but this was already on our front page recently, so I'm gonna have to remove it.	4
I'm baffled	5
I love how Chapotraphouse links directly to neoliberal	3
Yea feel sad for that kid, that native guy is an anti [NAME] activist who destroyed his life	4
Honestly, they changed writers and it's been pretty good so far, maybe one or two not great episodes this season.	3
Congrats and good luck moving forward!	3
Is that max?	5
if its not obvious everyone is having issues with this scam site	5
Yea, it's a waste of bullets.	3
Nah you're fine. This is why all sou-chefs are heathen	3
Vermont should be beautiful this time of year with all that snow.	3
Just from this video I can conclude that Saquon is a better DB than BW Webb is.	3
My nuts hurt watching that second part	4
So it's okay when [NAME] does it. But when I do it. I'm being weird. I see. Got it.	3
Even [NAME] got sick of grunge	4
That’s what I was thinking as well. I could think of a few ways to go about restoring a painting but not on a wall. Lol	3
😥 I feel so sorry. He'd be proud of you. *Hugs*	4
I’ve lived in Florida. Hurricanes are *much* worse.	1
Wow the [NAME] replies appeared in less than ten minutes this time!	5
Aww that makes my day too <3	3
I’m only allowed to see counselor once every 2 weeks, so that sucks. Thanks! Best of luck to you too	3
Shockingly, some people continue to educate and improve themselves. You might benefit from it.	5
I’m anything but little you little puppy kicker	0
4-25 against teams with winning records. 0-7 on Monday Night Football. The guy can't show up when it matters.	4
Sloths are cute! Especially when they’re covered in moss	3
I don't know what region you're in, but it's less than 6 dollars on the WnW website, Target, Walmart, and Amazon!	5
I missed this villain of the week feel of the show. Feels reminiscent of S1 and S2.	4
So those 2am cravings are really just my instincts keeping me alive	3
Hallettsville. Awesome square that gets all lit up at Christmas - great places to eat. The best little town in Texas.	3
I cant believe we elected this goon	0
Wtf Powerhouse Macomb is the gym I go to. I've never seen this dude there.	5
Would love to see her back but not a chance in hell until the series finale, if that.	3
> I'm not really sure why my post got you so mad Because he’s one of the guys we’re talking about.	5
Because you didn't realize MEPS was an acronym? Yeah, definitely taking anything you say to heart. Piss off depper.	0
I mean he's rockin the hell outta that porn 'stache	3
I feel like you and i share a mind. I appreciate your creativity!	3
That last paragraph before the edit lmao. So fake it hurts.	3
Hey. As long as the person I help is better off than when I first saw them, I’m happy.	3
Hmm, I understand your frustration then	0
That's the longest dimple I've ever seen>	3
He’d go down with a mysterious season ending injury	3
Omg creepy!	2
Sorry pal but your just England’s b team	4
Now we all know someone is going to domesticate these cute fluff butts	3
thank you. I've blocked him on Facebook and text.	3
Please explain how I’m genuinely curious	5
I enjoyed it somewhat, but haven't felt like rewatching (or owning) it.	3
Mine was the size of my pinky. And honestly get any size you want! Just be mindful of your pain tolerance	3
I'm just now going through the replies on this thread. This is the first person I've looked up on Spotify. Thank u for the recommendation!	3
I personally like [NAME] and think he could be on the team right now, but the Org doesn't agree.	4
I just don't get how so many people on this sub know that about the Dems but still manage to get taken in by the [NAME].	5
Just curious, why do you think that? He has ~ 80% approval among registered [NAME]	5
I thought it was his nose sliced off, got confused when I didnt see any blood	5
Grew up together obviously. So if you want to have an alligator friendly family, raise your babies with baby alligators!	3
I love reading these posts and not realizing it's [NAME]	3
right. which is why he got suspended. because nothing happened. makes sense.	3
Seeing happy people isn't motivating because it shows how easy it is and how I'm failing at something literally everyone else on the planet can do	4
You suck at trolling. It's way too obvious.	0
Nothing. Fuck the environment so people can think they saved a few bucks. People are fucking stupid.	0
Windbreakers, we’re supposed to wear them when it’s cold as apparently a joke to keep us warm 🙃 I hate doing drive ups now	0
we love critical impactful discourse	3
More worried about the multi-trillion dollars in entitlement programs than 5$ on a wall.	2
You have to try really hard to get banned on this sub.	3
I secretly hoped we would lose by like 70.. 35 is not enough	3
I hope you have a wonderful cake day!	3
I love the Nets	3
Oh boy I was wide awake when I lost my under 51.5. [NAME] can go fuck his ugly self	1
"""...one last time for good measure"""	3
Fuck shit bitch	0
Don’t tell me what to do.	0
Woooooooooo it took long enough but the UYU boys finally did it and made the league	3
Why tarnish The Office this way?	5
I can't tell you how happy I am that [NAME] and [NAME] are Polynesian Sauce guys.	3
Notice how there are no chapotraphouse trolls here because they know you're right and can't put up any argument against you.	3
Luckily my wages are rising faster to compensate. Oh wait...	3
[NAME], Big Bang Theory is terrible so glad it's going to be gone.	3
You didn't say they were racist channels	0
Especially funnier whens its commented on a song from like 2004.	3
> since their shorter you has more significant impact My shorter me has more impact? Wut? Genuinely confused here about what this means	5
Shit she doesn’t want = “curated beauty box” 🤔	4
The poor dude.....pray for him.	3
Gee, a GIF that doesn't move. Thanks, OP	3
That would have been a funny had we never made playoffs	3
Go take care of your boy up top of this chain, then we'll talk.	3
Tried to think who else could compete for that honor and didn't come up with many: - [NAME] - [NAME] - [NAME] Anyone else?	5
Sorry for your loss. My bestfriend is turning 13 soon and I'm trying to cherish every minute we still have.	4
Good luck tomorrow! I had to go back last Wednesday. The only silver lining was that it was a short week.	3
They’re not just investments. They’re deliberately exploitative and China’s not operating in good faith	0
TL;DR No more Superbowls for [NAME]. Get ready for another winning season that ends in disappointment.	4
Good pick. I love Dream to Dream from the sequel Fievel Goes West.	3
My arms only seem small because my love handles are so big	3
You can pull yourself out of it. Fight those urges.	3
NBA is like Westworld only completely opposite. Every time you act like your true self you get a T lol	3
The man comes around	3
We don’t like to talk about that	0
I loved when the guy who plays [NAME] showed up as a reporter in The Good Place, but I wish he'd have spoken the same way.	3
Nah I get that, it's just AFFIRMATIVE action...unless this went over my head as well lol	3
yep. Sucks don't it? You can't do anything about it now, and nobody cares.	4
[NAME], your uncle is not the hero you think he is.	0
Yah, I'm a bad girl. In fact I'm bad at everything.	0
Ah got it. Marked it sorry!	3
The one in WA state. For some reason Vancouver BC is really close to Vancouver WA. It's weird	1
Neither are foreign coups set up with the countries chamber of commerce and the head of the army.	0
[NAME] and [NAME] are ok because they were devout [NAME]. Like they hate secular music.. but U2 is worshipped by a lot of the 40-something [NAME].	3
Because no one in this world wants to see you happy and satisfied man!	5
I agree 😊	3
"Will I get banned if i say ""Boy I sure do love *collapsible bed word*"""	5
The way colt talks in that weird calm voice is like a psychopath. I hate it. It’s so condescending and creepy.	1
Time to get new friends. This one clearly doesn’t appreciate you for who you are.	3
Be careful with this. This is the same rationale lots of people used to hate on the Covington students.	3
Great now my child is crying	3
Sorry, can you translate that to English for me?	5
god so good	3
That was something I was told as well. It makes sense. Thanks for verifying that as an option.	3
I don't care about him at all. 😤😤😤	0
He can recker my pecker and make my pinkie all stinky.	3
"I love how you're getting downvoted for understanding ENTPs better than the ""ENTPs"" in this thread."	3
So how depressing is it that I know that's not true? You still gotta pay for a cold delivery.	4
I always loved Sunday’s because it was Extreme Homemaker, Desperate Housewives, and then Grey’s Anatomy.	3
And even worse after 40 years!	1
Yep. The court loves certified letters. That way there is some proof that the letter was received.	3
“[NAME] = [NAME] = [NAME]” 🤣😂 It truly takes a DEVOTED moron to embrace that nonsense.	0
Thank you for responding with truth to a top comment that is intentionally very misleading	3
I am really intrigued why you worded the title this way.	5
That’s horrible. Only religion could make an otherwise normal person want to show a torture and murder video to a child.	2
We’re still commenting on a video of a dog farting and a cat throwing up right?	5
And are millennials supposed to be attracted to these? If anything I'd be more offended than encouraged to join.	5
I like how she was trying to stop the fight, then just gave up and started throwing them too.	3
lol I was thinking the same hahah	3
Would be interesting to see a referendum where only UKIP and Lib Dem members vote.	3
I guess it's fair to say that that's one life ruined.	3
Good one.	3
Amazing detail with the hot dog in the virgins hand.	3
Love you (No homo)	3
How? That’s silly. Clearly Lowries impact is higher.	5
That's far from what happened and there is overwhelming evidence to the contrary of the circumstances of her death that it leaves no room for debate really.	4
Love the username	3
I'm great. I am having pho for lunch.	3
You can find the light! Maybe get a pet to love :)	3
Because I suck at lying and they will have to find out about him eventually	0
Gotcha, I definitely need to work on my whiff-punishing game then. Thank you, this was extremely helpful.	3
that’s why I asked haha	3
Lol that's my cat, he sometimes does that when he eats too fast or we switch his food, he is okay haha	3
You seem jealous	5
Cuteness!!!!!	3
P3 hit me so hard in the feels that every time I hear a song from it or watch anything P3 related, I just burst into tears.	4
But if the dentist makes you wait more than 15 minutes, you are legally allowed to leave. ^I'm ^just ^kidding, ^you ^probably ^should ^stay.	3
Hey everyone I like my braves subbreddit without advertisements	3
Yes. You fucking troll me every time. Fuck you.	0
I'm curious!!! The likes of [NAME] and [NAME] may have been choices for me in another timeline. Who took names that you know of?	5
No problem! I was upset I couldn’t chose a female rose grey bay Arabian in story mode. I wanted to name her Rosé	4
Totally zero bias at all as we know feminist scholars aren't bias and always correct no matter what.	3
Let's wait till BFV leaves alpha before we plan the next one. But seriously, that would be a great setting.	3
Not a single one of these allegations are of Russian collusion. It's more perjury trap nonsense.	0
Just another example of why corporate business structures are inherently unethical and are a plague upon all work environments.	0
Oh boy you’re in for a treat. Make sure you visit Austin if you move	3
I feel like people who post these are too in denial to realize it looks like a cry for help	0
Thank you. Should I ask them to see the report I gave to the cop so that I don’t mess something up?	3
Thank you for subscribing to Bull Facts ^^TM !	3
That is not how that all went down. Good story though.	3
Whatever happens, you will survive this. Keep your head up brother ✊	3
[NAME] get him a glass of water and have him lie down...	3
At least she's not a dirty little hamster.	3
Part cat? Haha his front paws look like cat paws. Such a fluffy boy.	3
Definitely very messy. Thank you so much for your advice! Really hoping this works out okay.	3
I get through a pack of tennis biscuits a week at work. Coconut bliss	3
That and useful idiots.	0
Ketamine is absolutely bizarre in high doses. I lack the words to really describe it. I've never felt so detatched from my own humanity.	4
I have nothing to say to you.	3
Hope the only downsizing that happens is someone downsizes your age	3
I don’t think they really thought through the ramifications of putting a bunch of angry women through rigorous physical exercise with weapons. That uprising would be glorious!	3
My hospital has this already, I thought everyone did. Can’t get an IV? Tried a crap ton of places? Call the IV team.	0
I don’t think high fees is something they like... but the rest I totally agree with you!	3
This comment is basically 10 words of “I didn’t read the article!! But boom, I’m edgy af”	0
i wish i wasn’t a failure of a person.	3
Politics should not be a religion.	3
Good luck friend.	3
I am. I will read those threads as soon as I find some time. But I have got some great insight on this threat regardless.	3
I just wanted to say how honorable you are, r/niceguys	3
[NAME] man..... I hope this is just one of his overdramatic moments on the floor... He's scared me like 5 times this year....	2
yeah i heard the therm used before but not in the same context as this one.But here it just makes me burst out laughing	3
"""PPG Paints"" arena or whatever it's called now is worse"	4
Thank you for taking the time to respond.	3
THIS IS NOT DETROIT, MAN! THIS IS THE SUPERBOWL!	0
Great work guys! Always A++ Prime casters!	3
LOL, that made me chuckle. Have a good one, [NAME]!	3
Wow, are you me? No one is a fan of season 1 but I definitely do this. There are little gems despite [NAME].	5
[NAME]. Am I doing this right?	5
I didn't even cringe at this, I unironically love doggo mems	3
It's viewed as unfashionable and lower class. Personally I think they feel great. Who gives a shit what other people think?	3
Yes! I play both, because I like the combat of one and everything else in the other.	3
such a deep and powerful tweet	3
This is the best creepy pasta I have **EVER** read.	3
Same! Makes me want to hug them and feed them milk.	3
I hate Twitter more and more each day....the people on there are so toxic it literally makes me sick. They can't appreciate a good meme.	0
And you wonder why Labour get's a bad name for anti-Semitism with statements like that. Ok hun.	5
Yasssss. I loathed Harry Potter. Book? Movie? Toy? Board game? Costume?	1
Man you'd be shocked to know some women still remain passive even when married.	5
What's up with that hanukkah background	5
Glad your boss backed you up	3
Keep voting against your own interests. #maga!	0
A quartet of [NAME], [NAME], [NAME] and Ox would be lovely.	3
This sub is filled with bitterness.	4
Glad she reads the comments of every [NAME] Facebook post ever	3
You should see a therapist if it‘s affecting your life or your mental health that much.	3
ok, im curious to the origins of this gif. what live performance was this at?	5
Yeah, was just very smoky with very burned ribs. I went and got teriyaki to console myself.	3
You’re gonna be the best dad ever!	3
She looks almost devoid of color. Kinda like a manga. Amazing.	3
Worse than selling your soule	0
Would destroying the business bring them both closer together?	5
I would do that, but I put them all on 0 hour contracts and less than minimum wage and I don’t want to pay them.	0
Hated her. And that was honestly a more offensive reaction than everyone laughing at her IMHO	0
Still waiting on [NAME] to tell me how GIFs are terrible and I can’t afford to watch anymore of them.	2
> Obs streamlabs Thank you buddy, I will take a look at it now and do some testing	3
Great tip, thanks for this. Always just assumed I either used print screen, or the snip tool for copying specific things on screen.	3
Maybe its how he actually types ¯_(ツ)_/¯	5
[NAME] is also in a HEAP of financial and technically legal trouble right now. lol	3
Hahaha perfect.	3
I almost hit the arrow in the screenshot	4
I wish I didn’t fall for my ex. He is not a beautiful person. He is a monster.	3
Love this answer.	3
America.... I have done goofed!	4
Brother I desire your honey	3
lol my mom once told me that alcohol can't be a drug because it's legal	3
it’s great	3
This is a terrible idea	2
i like the poster	3
Stop doing weird things	0
Aha! Thank you for that.	3
I hadn’t seen it and appreciated it!	0
I'm so depressed	4
Thanks. I'll go as soon as I can.	3
No. This simply is not the case	0
Can’t argue with that.	0
DO YOU HAVE YOUR PASSPORT	5
TB12 is the greatest	3
Happy cakeday your username is fun	3
It’s certainly a cute concept.	3
Yeah until the last one has creepily wed and reproduced.	2
I thought he was trolling oops	4
You're an idiot	0
It's a great article. She nailed it.	3
Well done sir, well done, lmfao	3
Most people who call themselves anarchists are against the free market because they don't understand it.	5
Wow thanks. Could have sworn the Score app was showing 3pm when I checked it two days ago.	3
That's sick I love your setup! Have a great tour bud!	3
Why people talk about their prior sex lives is beyond me. There is no upside to doing that, and plenty of downside.	5
So glad they had the clip of the dog getting up at the end. I was super worried.	3
that's not split pushing. split pushing is literally pushing 2 lanes at once.	0
That’s what I was thinking too but I didn’t want to just assume lol.	3
I do have harnesses for them ... maybe I’ll makeshift a sled and see what happens!	5
Welcome folks, what’s going on in Ottawa?	3
[NAME] didn't remember lol I'm dying	3
Your uncle sounds fun. RIP indeed	4
She’s a genius! And a goddess. And a queen.	3
"You know when I typed ""legal tender"" I had a horrible feeling I was going down a rabbit hole."	2
i also love this one	3
Dude, I think you've just proven my point.	3
Wasn't meant to be. Que Sera Sera.	0
[NAME]. I love how this question soundly crushes that entire paragraph, and the only response is a downvote.	3
Of course the one Ospreys player was my boi [NAME] <3	3
I go “thank you very much, come agaaain”. /s and I’m Indian	3
nah man im just shook and dead™️	5
Is this a dogmatic fear of capital controls, regardless of scope and implantation?	5
Idk about you but I love crispy vagina	3
Benzos do not help anxiety long term. they make it worse	1
I'm so sad for you, I'm so so sorry. 💔	4
Thank [NAME] though! Imagine someone like that with kids... yikes	3
[NAME], 2 weeks ago got charged $20 and was fake [NAME].	0
Can I start getting excited for [NAME] yet	3
Lol squidward has vibes similiar to dxm vibes imo	3
Ugh yes that makes sense. Thanks for the response.	3
That's a great point that I never thought of before... possibly nobody has!	3
Now I see why it takes me 30 minutes extra to get home if I miss an exit.	4
If you make them get out in this. You deserved the fucking ticket.	0
Never thought I’d see a comrade here	5
Lol okay cool	3
You got it!	3
You’re welcome! It’ll absolutely be worth it. And it’ll be fun! :D	3
I watched my team get deep dicked in the natty. I understand	4
Also assumes a kid only has one teacher K-12 at school. Which is ridiculous.	0
You didn’t change my mind, but that’s actually a very interesting thought “the Skywalkers are the imbalance”.	3
tobaccy is nasty	1
Thanks, no idea why that would be removed.	5
Ugh. This is horrifying. Thank you for sharing.	3
Hence the apology note.	4
Yay!!!!! You’ve got this!!!!	3
hope everything ended up alright, op!	3
I love this reply	3
With the tomahawk through the A? Loved those.	3
who was [NAME] #2	5
Good job! Next, I recommend going NO contact.	3
Sounds great! Thanks!	3
I almost forgot about you for a minute	5
Sorry, but you probably do given the AVers do have a limited literary skills at the best of times.	4
Sadly this is how you get shit fixed	4
with these comments i thought this was r/vegan for a sec lmao	3
I've tried a whole lot of things, nothing has worked.	4
Teen should report him for abuse.	3
[NAME] I hate this man	0
THANKS ^(that was close...)	3
What the hell? Why can't people leave this place alone? They make good pizza. That's it. It's a pizza shop.	3
For the love of all that is good get rid of these people already.	3
Fire the ux designers and yes also our beloved [NAME]	0
This is the stupidest thing to get excited over (but I am)	3
Maybe we knew someone was going to sigh and this was all in the works. Just a thought idk. FUCK	5
we def don’t deserve dog s	0
HaHa... Earnin' and Burnin'! Snappin' necks and Cashin' Checks! Cheers, brother!!!	3
Went to school with her son. She is larger than life in person. Always swaying gracefully. It was crazy.	3
Well reality exists therefore [NAME] is reality. Checkmate, atheist.	3
Lol that sucks. It's 80.9 in Vegreville, 84.4 at a Costco, or pretty much between 85-89 cents everywhere in Edmonton and area.	0
Oh cool, the new sign is up :)	3
I have an idea. Hear me out in this. Maybe we shouldn’t get upset about [NAME] until.... they...sign... elsewhere? Too radical?	5
It kind of surprised us how much of a feeling of control it gave us.	5
Dont worry. I'll help you.	3
Oh don't thank me, thank the uploader! They did a quick job.	3
[NAME] really getting roasted every chance. I think he is just misunderstood. I hope he shows up.	3
A good character driven story? I don't think this guy watched the same movie as we did.	5
this team is hard to watch, things that can so easily be fixed to make us great that are just persistent fuck ups and we refuse to fix them	0
Wow, I didn't know that was happening. Thanks for the information!	3
"Never liked hip hop. Grew up around gangster life style, hated it. I also laugh at the ""mythology"" that grew up around it. "	3
This entire post is so wholesome	3
hahaha [NAME]???	3
Glad to hear it’s open again, great spot. I still class climbing Coonowrin as the stupidest thing I’ve ever done.	3
Do all you can. Really everything is put in perspective, my work seems very unimportant right now.	5
Really curious how families handled this in the old days before the modern health care system.	5
That’s Grandpa [NAME]. I stomp flaming bags with my boots	0
Congratulatioins!	3
What’s irritates me so much is that rework ideas like this do all the work for ubi, yet they still won’t do it.	0
first time all season im kind of not thrilled with [NAME] post game talk. I wish he would have addressed the PP.	3
Not an effective solution. Shooter always has first move, taking out an unsuspecting teacher would give a shooter access to better arms.	0
None of these people ever seem to have run their own business.	0
I went to college in his hometown. He's a grouchy old man who cares a lot about politics	0
Still one of the greatest gems that few will end up doing Smash attacks then the other big cities.	3
It's a decent flick. Id watch it	3
Don’t be a class traitor	0
"very wise, your flair reminds me of the quote ""There can be no true despair without hope."""	3
I wish they would just let us stream their music. I have all their albums but every iPhone I get I have to redo the entire library 😴😴	3
FUCK LES BRUNS	0
I don't just cringe, I feel literal embarrassment for anyone who has watched it.	4
We are usually way worse in the 3rd tbf	4
Thank you, it's pretty helpful.	3
I love the fact nobody talks about boycotting the Times (owned by the same media group), because they know scousers don't read it anyway. 😂	3
To be fair, it is worse than staying in the EU, but good grief it's better than a no deal.	1
Damn... that’s another thing I didn’t even think about it. Probably the biggest reason why people shouldn’t steal food	1
>the ad, which has been both criticised and applauded Applauded by non-customers. Criticized by customers.	0
A great way to start the new year. Happy New year everyone.	3
Lol. Not everything is about your pet issue but I do appreciate your attempts to frame it that way. Keep up the good fight!	3
When I was in 3rd Grade, I wanted to sneak into my pregnant teachers house and make her drink beer.	3
I told him to go away with his best friend to California, I am so appreciative!!	3
Thank you! You're right. It's all about survival	3
Couldn't agree more	0
I loved this look and it was good but this comment..	3
Thanks. I think she isn't; but I hope she will be happy one day too.	3
I had the same thought also.	3
The best meme	3
Thank you so much! I'm documenting as much as I can!	3
lol what? The worst defense in the league? [NAME] its like we're trying to tank.	3
Oh damn. I forgot about those guys. I never really play [NAME] lol	3
Darn. I knew there was something off about him.	5
>Cause they almost never hit anything. Very inaccurate. The benefit of fighting against a largely untrained adversary.	4
Wow! This is an old one! Everyone knows atheists don't have A holiday. They have ALL of them!	3
That logic doesn't work. Porn stars make movies knowing they are going to be seen, but it is still objectification.	0
Oh, how I miss real spicy Chinese food. Day after, not so much.	5
Oooh I haven't heard of that one. I'll look around.	0
KAT doesn't play defense lol	3
Damn I love 20 mins from Akron, but looks juicy.	3
**I LOVE YOU!!!!** *[NAME] has unfollowed you.* ...oh.	3
terrifying every time.	2
I mean this in the least creepy way possible, tell me how it works out NO DETAILS PLEASE GOD NO	2
He’s my pick. That fist!	3
It's Shrimpy ( I'm pretty happy with it and the telegram is decently active too	3
He was forced into this marriage	0
They can be upset about both. Believe me, I've heard the lecture about how Catholicism is a cult and the abortion tirade in the same sitting.	3
Definitely the second.	3
Crayfish. thank you! this cord was from an old beam-type smoke detector.	3
This sounds amazing!	3
So, where we at on this?	5
[NAME] was such a nasty POS. In his dirty wifebeaters with his malt liquor. “Men have needs...” He disgusts me.	1
Because Reddit. The other day I got downvoted because I said I liked The Office lol	3
Are you ok?	3
i’ve heard its convenient if its a particularly messy job	5
I don't, I think this is great. The more they disbelieve media, the more it hurts them.	0
Done it since I was a kid I was very edgy	2
Thats awful, I'm so sorry for your loss	1
Pity because I enjoyed Max Normal.	3
i really hope this is old and ironic	3
Season x? Sorry bitch but no.	0
You spelled Nazis Propaganda wrong.	0
Were you looking for a tall person	5
Happy cake day!!!	5
How cute, the JV players are fighting	3
Damn. Moving like that in those heels is impressive.	3
i think if you truly thought it was wrong, you wouldnt defend it to this extent. see you	3
How was she able to start the adoption process without both you and BF consent plus signatures?	5
Wait, wait, wait. Wait. You're talking about him not being as much into cybersex as you? Actual sex you have similar sex drives?	5
Shame on you	0
Well, Detroit isn't currently marred by ownership and front office incompetence.	3
Siblings growing apart is a natural part of life. Unless your close in age then it's almost certainly bound to happen and that's fine.	3
Thx man just reached grandmaster by doing this, while edgewalking	3
Would you have been ok with a vet min contract on Ziggy with a $1 million per start incentive?	5
PEOPLE LIKE THING AGGRESSIVELY BE PROUD OF IGNORANCE	0
I want this poster so bad.	3
What you fiend!!!!! But seriously, how do these guys feel about animals fucking then?	0
"She also spoke out quite angrily about ""Obamacare"" until she needed it due to her high risk pregnancy. She's remarkably hypocritical."	0
Except people have been yelling about climate change for decades, it’s just that finally a prominent politician has made it their main point.	3
I'm most amazed by implicit suggestion that you still aren't showing any signs. i mean coming out should be sign enough right?	5
It’s a smart move but also hurts the business and possibly false. It’s rude.	0
> even if I despise its many subcultural, life stylist, and mobbish factions I am not sure what this means	5
Wow. She just risked her life and interfered with the process of natural selection. Hopefully she gets eaten next time	3
This is the greatest thing I’ve ever read	3
"[NAME] using that ""maybe if I guess every outcome I can still say I was right"" logic."	3
I enjoy living the lie. I do it everyday	3
That ruling is such a mess: it gets the *reason* correct, but the Justices were so out of touch that the entire ruling was contradictory to that.	0
It keeps more people employed that way.	3
Mr. Krabs?	5
I apologise. It looks like you can be charming from time to time, not only today.	3
Well boys. I am going to actually be productive I think. [NAME]. You destroyed poor [NAME] spirit.	0
Do you make a point of letting everyone know you don’t believe in [NAME] every time you see a religious reference? Or just this one?	5
I have a 4 inch penus and $27. Do I win?	5
That what a highlight reel moment that will be played for years and years. That game is on my rotation of games. Great game all around.	3
This is an interesting opinion that I want to brainstorm some more. I'd like to see a study on how global warming would affect Canada's habitability.	5
YAS, but all the pedestrians give me the greasy when I follow this advice (or at least I think they are giving me the greasy)	3
[NAME], but they all seem to be genuinely happy with their lives and supporting each other, so I’m happy for them too	3
I have been contemplating taking him to a TLM. You are awesome!	3
why fire make hand hurt	5
For me yes. I did it my whole life, and I regret now. Cause I could've had something with the girls I didn't approach.	3
Yeah but you're not anymore I'm afraid.	2
I love them too. That one is definitely my favourite. Here’s a close second. He speaks three ‘space languages’	3
Get some deodorant and soray her every time shr sprays the cat	0
Yes he said that. But it can be quicker.	3
[NAME] has such a weird relationship with his parents. It’s as if he’s 15 years old still.	0
Right? That's news to me. I'll be excited when that happens, I wonder how that works.	3
I don’t like [NAME] all that much, but that dude seems cool. I hope it hits a goofy dark line like [NAME] or [NAME] tho.	3
Yep that helps. I’m in a sneakarchy for sure. Thanks for the info!	3
That's a very long winded way to say 'i disagree'	0
Thank you. I guess im just finding it weird how she lost interest. Ill definitely be taking your advice	3
Damn, dude lol You should've calmed him down.	3
I loved [NAME] back in the day. He always seemed to pancake [NAME].	3
Yup, it all starts with [NAME]. He’s not the worst owner in the nfl, but he’s in the bottom half for sure.	3
Thanks, i have to wake up early tomorrow ish.. i cant now but if i think of any other questions i will, ❤	3
Lol I don't hate these tbh at least they're real	3
Anyone staying up for [NAME] [NAME]? Probably gonna go in and out of sleep watching on the couch	5
Lol get those pitchforks ready boys	3
It's hard to say. They are an above average team that often looks lifeless and underachieves.	0
No I think he just meant that losing half of your shit should at least move the needle a little lol	3
Tbh idgaf anymore too many people correct me and others over it. Who cares. But thanks for the enlightenment.	3
That movie really scared me when I was a kid.	2
Save a spot for me! I'll bring the rainbow penis shaped bags of penis shaped rainbow glitter!	3
Ah gotcha. Thanks.	3
I know you will make her proud. always appreciate your parents they won’t be here forever ❤️	3
I wish the camera showed the cops reactions and faces when it didn't work	3
Cool so you saw something already posted, didn't want to believe and did it yourself to post it all again?	0
I'm not sure what that is	5
Watching this makes me angry.	0
Really feeling you today.	3
Happy looking fella ain’t he!	3
I'm not sure if [NAME] is visiting the Podesta pizza party.	5
The “sad [NAME]” tops it off	4
Lol always a creepy mike	3
I was wishing the same!	3
Maybe work on being a little more optimistic for the future......don't be a debbie downer! :)	3
hes got a clear weakness on his forehand side though. not sure if injury related or just ... ???	5
I think if you're sending and receiving texts longer than 10 words your marriage is doomed.	5
I’m surprised nyxl hasn’t done that with their overloaded dps roster, but a possible upcoming import limit might be the issue	5
no it's not	0
Good thing 2000 aud is only worth about two pounds	3
I would love it! [NAME] has a history of injuries just like [NAME] used to!!! Do it!!	3
I love how that's pretty much all they can do, literally beg for him not to run.	3
Heres some well wishes to you staying up	3
This game like 30 dollars on Humble Bundle on PC. When it goes down again (sale has expired) I'll try to buy it again.	3
I wish. But sadly my job relies on other people so I just can't be the sole person	3
love you comrade! <3 you should get a cool flair too	3
Did you even read the discord logs?	5
It's shameful that he has to preface this post with his bias. Couldn't just leave well enough alone.	0
I agree with in general with your perspective, but as someone who loves music--new and old--I gotta say, lil pump really does suck	3
The second overall pick is pretty embarrassing	4
I’ve only gotta PC, so I legit googled this thinking that this was actually what happened hahahahahahha	3
Those smuggler missions were decently fun. Hold on a minute, I think I may play [NAME] again just to pass the time...	3
Cried when [NAME] and [NAME] gave each other a big hug and [NAME] lifted him off the ground.	4
Even if I did, no one would believe me....,	0
Get an ultra balm if you want, it's amazing for cracks!	3
Funeral for a friend is a killer band.	3
Looks like I’m getting an incredibles suit designed for me in this class	3
Hey didnt say being fat and short is bad	0
What The actual fuck	0
El oh el that was fucking funny	3
It's ok, it's been posted a lot lately	3
Ohhhh my gahhhd. One of my all time favorites. Taxi Driver can take a seat. Brink is awesome.	3
Not gonna lie, I'd be intrigued for sure.	3
"Yeah, the golden nugget is ""Get over yourself and let him back in, he made a (small) mistake"""	3
Thanks for showing me the most degenerate thing I've seen so far in 2019, and that includes a scat subreddit.	3
Guy quotes [NAME] lol. Juicy	3
My mum had this. I got to pick things I wanted from inside and we’d make them together. :) nice memories.	3
Fuck [NAME] for continuing to give her a platform.	0
When traffic is moving it is definitely not legal nor safer. I hate how dip shits like you spread false information on this [NAME] forsaken subject.	0
This isn't normal. If he's this way now, can you imagine later on? Time to move on girl.	3
Thanks for clarifying, was definitely originally taught wrong then. 🙃	3
GET THE FUCK OUTTA HERE RUDY	0
Insurance and healthcare have the same attitude. Keep people alive as long as possible, but keep the people dependent on the system.	3
How can anyone like Tottenham? Like for real. They are the worst team you could imagine in every department.	0
I fucking change my mind, something wonderful has happened! Please don't make me go dead, tomorrow.	0
that doesn't make any sense at all.	0
She would be crying because your showing yiu truly care. Its up to you buddy but tears of joy are good.	3
You are a god among nurses.	3
Thank you! Took this on my IPhone 7!	3
I like your attitude. You seem like a good person.	3
That's the main reason to play [NAME]? I hate it too.	0
I don't know, I was to busy getting annoyed by [NAME] whiny entitlement to dislike [NAME]	0
His Ma must be really impressed with her sharply dressed son. 👊💦	3
[NAME] has never said he wanted to build the team around [NAME]. Not sure why people are spreading this rumour.	5
Yeah that is a pretty crap and unhelpful thing to say, especially coming from someone who works in that job.	0
Exactly my goals as well. Let's make it a great year.	3
Thanks I will consider that :)	3
random fact: my pokerstars avatar has been a picture of that very hit since that night of 2006 LOL you could say that this hit was... pretty mint	3
[NAME] bless [NAME] for unlocking Michigan's Anger-Swag.	3
Yes. Things come back fast, though. I think its an aspect of the 'eternal adolescent' brain.	3
How dare you	0
Stay away from her kids, [NAME]!	0
What an abusive piece of crap. Those poor boys won’t know how to be adults. I hope their father is in their lives.	0
Yeah how dare I want more Green Arrow material in my GREEN ARROW show.	3
And we play for 6 dollars, this makes me so angry we need a big ass casino in that game	0
This is me being hopeful that there’s not one poor soul out there who’s happy that the Wilpons are our owners	3
Fuck daesh *	0
Sorry mate, you’ve got the wrong sub. This is for **bad** UK.	4
The second half of the game was a big disappointment for me. I really wish they kept the family around for much longer.	4
Fear mongering.	2
[NAME] ain't all that. Sorry.	4
I don’t know Lady [NAME] drag race has a nice ring to it LOL [NAME].	3
hahaha. I was/am honestly surprised that is the only time I've heard of a parent calling a rapid.	5
No kidding. Pretty sure my husband enjoys it as much as I do.	3
Feel the energy! Amazing PK and two great goals!	3
Did I miss something? I don't think she's announced yet. Someone could still beat her to it.	5
"Because eye witnesses have always been proven to be credible. ""Hands up, don't shoot"""	3
You sound scared	2
Timing, most important part of a joke. The what's	3
Well said, thank you.	3
Thank you!! This is so helpful	3
What's with the buying porn thing? I missed out on it	4
I’m feeling very excited !	3
I don't know what's more embarrassing, the fact I watch the show or own a Roku TV.	4
Hell, I'm saving your Reply. Enjoy being the first in my list!	3
Yet, his recoveries on attacks are abysmal.	4
You sound like someone who doesnt know what ironic humour is.	4
Best sports league in the world.	3
Wow, automated can collection is news in 2019? Literally have done this for a decade minimum...	3
I agree, Thats also how I felt when I visited Japan last year	3
I love how he’s still smiling while being eaten	3
Can you please suggest this name to marvel for the next super hero movie? That is all. K. Thanks. Bye!!!	3
I know, i read that previous post. Im just worried about your parrot getting injured because of that woman :/	3
I hope they remain long time friends and can look back on this as adults and have a nice giggle together	3
I went there once and was like “yeah neat I guess” around the same time. Totally forgot about it until I saw the pic of the door	1
The fact that she told you your sex life is over is insane to me.	5
So that it’s it huh, we’re some kind of Stunt Double Squad?	5
Maybe its the picture but the fabric looks really bad	0
This is amazing and terrifiying	3
I’m too poor to watch this 🙈😂	4
I'm confused...did you do anything? And people that aren't your husbands family or friends are also saying this?	5
Yes, thankfully it has never happened to me, asking out of (morbid) curiosity.	3
Dude nsfw this damn	0
Loved this moment. Also loved [NAME] face and [NAME] and [NAME] wedding when they kissed; so touched!	3
He should file a civil rights complaint. This is a clear case of discrimination against someone with a mental disability.	3
That's reasonable and pretty inexpensive for a 75 mile round trip.	3
What a great terrible movie. Always worth a watch. Boondock Saints for those who dont know.	3
No problem, it warms my heart to help slower people understand things.	3
I ask them straight why they don't respect my decision. That usually fixes it.	5
I'd argue they are advocating not fighting the fire in your house when the entire neighborhood is engulfed in flames.	0
Second this. I have an anxiety disorder that has resulted in me never working a job, but my career is making YouTube videos self employed atm.	3
It was great but above everything else... It makes me happy to see [NAME] at the top. Werk.	3
Mid game? I was worried it would happen to me except reverse. Hold out on this contract for another hour haha	5
Oh... Cool	3
Seen as Child abuse in some places. Not illegal but judges hate it. No matter the sex.	0
I probably wouldn't have responded out of confusion.	5
Time to fill our roster with Schiano Men!	3
First of all, no. Second of all, she probable is still in love with you	3
I miss him on our pp	4
So we are homicidal manics until we get bored and then follow the road rules for fun.	3
Agreed. Very relevant suggestion!	3
Thanks for posting that. I’d thought that I had seen all the Rice footage in existence. Good stuff.	3
"screw up phrasal verb of screw INFORMAL•NORTH [NAME] completely mismanage or mishandle a situation. ""I'm sorry, [NAME], I screwed up"" Is a murder mishandling a situation?"	4
I honestly couldn’t care less about your opinion at this point	3
Because he was really really hoping people, even strangers on the internet, would think he was a doctor.	3
Another why [NAME] is so valuable moment. lol Let's go [NAME] And [NAME] has a small penis	3
[NAME] and I don't agree with much, but I agree with him here.	3
Cool thanks, posted on there just now! I'm not a super big reddit user so I'm glad that you are telling me all this haha.	3
Great movie, almost timeless :)	3
Winnipeg Jets regularly have whiteouts, though I don't believe anyone paints themselves.	0
Happy anniversary!! ❤	3
Document everything, get financially independent, be free. Good luck my friend.	3
dae [NAME] IS MOMMY FUCK MY ASS WITH A BACKHOE MOTHER YES GAWD *tongue pop* WHAT A TALENTED ACTRESS BUT ALSO PARENTAL FIGURE	1
the trajectory of that is really weird! But [NAME], that guys arm, hand, possibly head is not liking the next .01 second!	1
I get migraines too and I’m sooo tired the first two days of my period	4
Yeah probably should've chosen a better sub, but I couldn't think of one	4
I honestly would've sued anyway. You could have died, and all you got out of it was a guy fired?	5
Oh wow, that was a serendipitous ending! The weed saved her life.	5
I’m not gonna be writing you a paper check!	0
At SkyZone with the kid getting some energy out. Next up is a dentist visit...ugh	1
I love her so much	3
Thanks! Thank you for sharing!	3
ah, [NAME] I love this boy	3
Yes, dude! I'd love to see it finished.	3
[NAME] on a pretzel. That is just...fucked up. Those comments are absolutely...I can’t think of anything awful enough to describe them.	0
[NAME] because he's the better player.	3
I appreciate this. If you hadn't done this I would have felt terrible all day	3
Went to a rave Friday night so I spent the day asleep. No regrets.	3
Yeah I suppose lol, but either way yours is the best one I've seen so far	3
I like to think [NAME] is finishing the school year before coming back home.	3
Looks like you brought a nice variety for her to try, hope she enjoyed it!	3
Aaahahahha- you had me at Jabba the Hut for a role model 😂😂❤️	3
WE can't always have what we want. I see them losing.	4
Is a really worrying bench	2
Yeah, this has been posted here before, but it's a great video. I have it saved to a YT playlist for repeated viewings and lols	3
Dear [NAME]....	3
Explain how British farmers taking common aborigine land in Australia to be used as private property 'isn't rooted in colonialism'.	5
I love salty popcorn. and sweet and salty popcorn. and tomato and worcestershire sauce popcorn. and chocolate popcorn... I'm just a fan of popcorn =D	3
I've gone through phases like that, usually related to depression or something else going on in my life. See if it passes in a couple weeks.	3
I sure hope so...	3
Aghh bacon is actually the worst. The smell of it is soo disgusting you can smell the dirtiness	1
"It that where the phrase ""what a kroc"" came from?"	5
I feel a deep sense of shame.	4
Glad to see that thoughtful doggo found a home here!	3
[NAME] have been doing this a while and it rarely works.	3
I'm new here from the U.S. This convo cleared it up for me, so thanks.	3
How old are you? It sounds like 90% of the guys you know who are your age also don’t have their shit together	0
As long as blind luck exists, there is no upper limit on stupidity.	0
"""bussy full of beans"" is an earth-shattering phrase"	3
It’s your choice what you choose to do, but just know you’ll be surely missed by loved ones.	3
happy cake day	3
I'd sure as hell hope their washing their hands after at least.	3
I can't help it when everyone just loves us ¯_(ツ)_/¯	0
Thank you.	3
But why does your horse have a leash on her while eating. Looks sooo uncomfy. Poor bubby!!!	5
Holy shit they fornicate like rabbits!!	1
How you don't give in to her every whim is amazing to me. You're a much stronger person than me.	3
Not heinous for sure, but frustrating.	0
Yeah, I agree. It left a bad taste in my mouth that they weren't even gonna mention it, so at least it's something.	3
I like it! I think the ideas of [NAME] can go a long way. I wish you the best of luck :)	3
You are wrong.	0
We got some good sex scenes or is it blue balling BS?	5
Apologies for vertical view! Bonus commentary from my mini me that loves this sub!	3
Wishing the best for your pupper.	3
We don't deserve you. Thanks for the update. Happy it's being handled! :)	3
Sorry this is the first time I saw it, I’ll delete it.	4
Holy hell, that sub is nice.	3
No phone, can't help....sorry?	4
I hope so and I think they have the ability to, but I just have a bad feeling that they won't.	3
How do you know [NAME] isn’t 6’10” right now? Have you measured him lately?	5
I was always in awe of just how stunning she was. She doesn't photograph well though, it's a shame.	4
I want to see this happen simply because it makes no sense.	3
This is exactly what I was looking for! Thank you so much!	3
Idealogues are annoying.	0
i love [NAME] and [NAME] so much, but... [NAME], my dudes.	3
What the fuck who likes cold	0
[NAME] after he declares he loves playing Fortnite, wants to play with his brother no matter what and loves Vancouver.	3
the older i get the more it hurts	4
I've never read an article that made me experience both disgust and schadenfreude in equal measure like this one has.	0
Omg this is so amazing ! Keep up the awesome work and have a fantastic New Year !	3
Thanks for the info, not gonna risk the ban.	3
Fair enough, I respect your perspective.	3
Huh, and all these years I’d been *assured* “nobody” was coming to take my guns. Its like they been lying the entire time.	4
He dropped the child down a flight of steps??? WHAT ??!!	5
Those bastards lied to me	0
Dark and funny, but not really nice guy. He has yet to call the dead girls whores for declining to sleep with him.	3
Dude, y'all anti American scum don't even believe in science. Fuck off with your generic bullshit because you can't list a specific example.	0
For real! It was like a shining beacon in the night!	3
aries actually haha	3
No Deal violates the National Security interests of the US, the Commonwealth. Do you expect this to be allowed to happen?	5
holy lmao im a dolt lol.	3
Congratulations! Welcome to the world, new person!	3
This comment has been removed for breaking rule #8.	0
Thats not mold	0
[NAME] is amazing.	3
Wish more people shared your thoughts, it will make the world a better place.	3
Wow amazing gift you have there being able to tell who someone voted for just because they were rude	3
Girl we been knew she's been telling us another album is on it's way since thank you, next	3
Thank you.	3
If you have insurance, see of they'll cover it. My mother got her reduction completely covered due to a history of pain.	3
> And I can’t blame you. Whyy? They are beautiful little bugs	3
That's such a selfish mentality to have.	1
I give 90 percent odds that [NAME] will be reelected. And I think it will be at a much higher margin than 2016.	3
You’re funny if you think 27 vs 1 is going to somehow end in a good deal for the UK.	3
My biggest fear is catching feelings. I got dangerously close once lol. It’s just about self control.	2
It was the largest defeat since the 20s wasn’t it? Soz am only now catching up so may have misunderstood	5
And everybody clapped! Fuck this loser!	0
Canadian [NAME] here to disagree with you. Politely. Sorry.	0
Do not go gendered into that good lighting. *takes selfie*	3
All that shows is them loaning money when Liverpool make losses, which seems to have happened more than any of us realised. We don't make a loss	5
What a methy situation!	5
my sentiment exactly	3
I love juancho	3
We're pretty spoiled in Halifax.	0
I am out, it is a beautiful day and the air is crisp and refreshing.	3
Still don't get my point, but thanks anyway.	3
Essence is amazing!	3
I love you ❤️	3
I like the airpod memes other than that haven’t tried them so can’t say for sure	3
His friend was sexy as hell 💁	3
I took in a friend of mine and creating a vanity for her (she loves to do her makeup) is honestly one of my more cherished memories.	3
I'll be shocked if humanity makes it to 2100. But yeah. It's a miracle I'm alive since I had the toe on the trigger.	5
It is awesome, and nothing turns me on more (as far as giving pleasure to my lover goes). Seriously.	3
Man, I would gladly roast this one. Fat rich people must be tasty..	3
I live in the South, lol, and this is really accurate.	3
Pffft right, next you'll tell me America isn't a representative democracy, or that England isn't a monarchy! Don't be a fool!	0
I would like to see the after justice of idiots like this	0
I know, and the unfortunate thing is many of my friends in this area have had somewhat similar experiences with dudes who just are just total creeps.	4
No. Foreigners are not allowed to preach [RELIGION] to [NAME]. Maybe not explicitly . Also They restrict donations from abroad Not just people.	0
At the same time liberals are lining up to applaud [NAME] for how incredibly woke they are...	3
picture isnt that clear but I am 80% sure they're fake. break one and see how it crumbles.	0
No, it's a back massage at best. At worst it can give you a stroke and kill you.	0
I'm confused on the hov +2 part, does that mean that's price if you split the bill?	5
I remember all the Bolt-on jokes this sub was making when it happened. All the best [NAME]	3
I mean it doesn't say anything about comments? Anyways who cares it's a celebrity its his fault.	0
Nah, that's ArmedForcesUpdate, always good for a laugh	3
I love those moments where [NAME] finds a teammate opens and whips the ball at them but our guys are tuned out and don't expect it.	3
Fuck I laughed at this post :D You better stick to your words and make sure to Tag every BF:V Dev.	3
> [NAME]. You disgust me. But seriously when do we get a real show and skip the constant ad teases.	1
All the [NAME] who’ve been harassed or assaulted for “looking [NAME]” will be glad to hear that.	3
Source? 😂	5
I am clueless lately. None of my students parents speak English. It breaks my heart because I want to have more open communication.	4
Is this my Beetlejuice moment?	5
I SWEAR I DIDNT MEAN TO ANSWER 2 HOURS LATER FORGIVE MEEE	4
hi [NAME], toxicity in a multiplayer game is something that should always be expected no matter the game cause people are assholes.	0
Sorry what, seriously? Who decided that shit, that wasn't even [NAME]?	0
Nothing ocular about that smackdown. Raunchy just peaked all over [deleted].	3
I hate to sound like we're in a Santa Monica coffee shop, but keto diets are incredibly effective if you can stick to it	0
funny as.	3
I am sorry but I can feel a panic attack. Holy moly I would die instantly If I were him	2
That sounds terrible! I get hay fever some years, I also have eczema and anxiety, all at once sounds like pure hell.	2
Bro I love how she deletes it so all ur hard work is gon	3
thanks JA!	3
[NAME] 10 year challenge is looking good!	3
Which one is your favorite?	5
You can't demand historical accuracy 'at all' then. It's logical fallacy.	0
Picked up my new glasses. Does anyone else feel nauseous after getting a new prescription	5
Because it's incredibly cringy.	0
It’s a rough time I hope your Ex wife gets better.	3
I've seen this one, but don't remember the source. Any help?	5
Honestly, who can finish a venti frappuccino? Before it melts, anyways.	5
I find Asian men hot and have dated a few - I'm a white woman	3
I believe so. Not 100% but safe to assume since they a USA based company	3
[NAME] beat the Bears last season lol	3
And it seems, just genuinely nice, hilarious, and passionate about her work. I hope she gets more of an edit from now on!	3
You really get it. Your SD is a very lucky man!	3
Hopefully the Chouteau Greenway ends up narrowing Market street back to its original width.	3
What a cutie!	3
Probably one everytime I run out of the $1 million, 97% success rate? Worth the risk	3
lol yep that is the case and has same taste in food as well!	3
That’s is 100% the noise. Perfect!	3
Honestly im a pretty clumsy belligerent and i lasted 9 months and no case is great life i regret nothing	3
Did anyone catch [NAME] imitating him laying on the ice as the game ended? [NAME] as fuck	5
Can’t believe they actually got married. What a joke	5
that's adorable asf	3
> How TF did you get to FETISH that quickly? Welcome to the internet. Enjoy your stay.	3
Why do you keep failing? Is there a particular part you can practice on, or just nerves?	5
He's shooting very efficiently, too. Most of his FGs scored at the rim.	3
No. Being a private investigator isn't illegal.	0
>They split up 5 years later after an extremely messy situation with Dr [NAME]. Very very long story. I would like to hear this story	5
I beta-tested Gwent. After all that and everything after launch, I'd still rather just play it as a minigame in Witcher 3.	3
This kid is one of the best passive aggressive insults ever. I love it.	3
And the sad part is this goes on for decades and decades grrrrrrr	4
The weight of all that water is enough to kill someone if they don’t drown.	3
Even if you don't act on them, you still should stay away. It's not normal to fantasize about doing sexual things to children.	0
How is 5th starter not a question?	5
Be brave. You have our support	3
I love you. I had no idea before now, but I love you.	3
This commercial really just reminded me what scumbags Verizon are	5
what level of bloom would you think is appropriate?	5
I’m glad	3
>Nice tip. I'm gonna wakeup fast against [NAME], [NAME] etc now	3
LMAO thank you hunni =] yeah just be w/ your mom then LOL	3
One of the best and most consistent kickers over the last 5 years vs a guy who had a great season	3
Ah alright, thanks for clearing that up.	3
Because bullying is a way to enforce social conformity, and discourage people from being different.	1
Yeah, it’s a really similar thing. Some kids love it, some kids are really freaked out.	3
I bet he’s not going to visit their hall of fame in order to avoid meeting w/ [NAME]	3
It's the hard R that'll get you in trouble.	2
See i was kinda right in the first verse, thanks aha	3
Yo but that RivaL lineup tho! That's gonna be so sick	3
These things are so cool.	3
She sucks but you don’t sound much better	0
Ah, fair enough.	3
This is a test, now YOU have to give away that gold. Your donor was a cruel benefactor.	0
Don't grab another slice of pizza. Maybe if they would've eaten the crust they would have not been so hungry. It's greedy and picky.	0
Uber is fun and cheap.	3
Watching Revenge sometimes makes me cry, thinking back to when I tried to memorize that song, and listened to it over and over.	4
Haha, actually grandpa did! Go figure	3
They’re not pissed off to the point where they’re actually going anywhere else, and that’s just crunching numbers.	0
Vista tower is going to be such a cool addition to the skyline when the glass is installed!	3
Really disappointed it's not even coming digitally on Vita outside of Japan.	4
The toes stretched out as he hangs from the swinging door is too much cuteness for me	3
when only rich people got elected and passed laws...	0
Sitting down and wiping is disgusting. Especislly when using a public toilet. Fucking savages up in this thread.	1
> But I still hope natal males will respect natal women's spaces.. They don't. I would hope they would but they don't.	3
Don't make me talk about [NAME]... ...	0
As a once very sick kid, I thank all you pediatric RN's out there for what you do and your compassion while doing it.	3
Thank you!!!!	3
Right. It was wasted screen time. But oh no, we couldn’t have a Snoke flash back that was 30 seconds *at most*.	4
This is the dumbest post I've read today. How's that?	0
>but part of the whole inequality picture is women receiving lower pay for the same jobs. Honestly? Doesn't happen.	5
I can't wait for this capslock variation thing to die out.	5
I'm curious to know, why did you behave like that when you were young?	5
That isnt sustainable.	0
Win what exactly? A meaningless game in a very long season to be swept out of the playoffs? No thanks.	0
In the comments he accuses the account of being fake and she proves her identity with photos and a link to her instagram. This guy is astoundingly pathetic.	0
Well no dur	0
Damn. I love peppermint.	3
that's not scarcity its desperation and prioritizing looks over everything else	0
Oh I wish that was how everyone thought. Unfortunately it's not.	5
Considering that the picture OP jerked was fake and that the OP of the faked picture was rude as fuck to absolutely EVERYONE, that’s completely false.	0
I love you. I think that helps me a lot.	3
Wow, this is beyond fascinating.	3
[NAME] was horribly inconsistent this year	2
If people were downvoting due to the perceived insensitivity of it, then I guess I understand.	3
I’d love to flatten [NAME] emotions.	3
last year i had a major crush on one of my guy friends. still do.	3
No, thats just the glare from the sun	0
If it makes you feel better they'll probably move back a few times	3
No one but they're mine and they protect me from facing the truth D:	3
Idk why but I feel like this should be nsfw	5
Well, whaddaya know!	5
You have sound advice. Thank you. Another issue I have is this is an entire state away from us. A minimum 4 hour drive.	3
He was playing with absolute garbage teammates, and the one year he was on a decent team he had 44 points in 48 games.	0
i think you could say the chat about smelling their own farts was also added for comedic effect	3
My girlfriend barely tolerates me showering in the morning, she'd be furious if I'd let an alarm ring while I'm away. And rightfully so.	0
He’s had big games for us before, it’s just his lack of consistency and effort	4
Players need to have Agency over their characters. you did not. total crap. :(	4
My neighborhood is majority Haredi dude. Getting upset when a minority moves in is bigotry.	4
[NAME] doesn't really look hindered by the way she's playing and hitting. I hope she doesn't retire. [NAME] just playing amazing.	3
Welcome to the club, fellow [NAME]!	3
FUCKING NORMIES REEEEEEEEE	0
very well put. wow i love that man, i’d play a mean game of chess w him	3
I was one of the best. I used to get at least 50 matches. Hair loss made me invisible all of the sudden	4
Love these guys and love this skit	3
You think only a -couple- people use fgt hatefully?	5
You're welcome :)	3
I'm so sorry. That's awful.	4
Her meal looks pretty good...	3
I feel attacked	4
I haven’t made a choice yet. I like them both. But why do people not like Link?	5
"I like how it's ""unacceptable"" lol. The nerve"	3
Just turned on the game. I hope I brought the boys some good luck	3
Gnostic atheist here. This is a great summary!	3
Hahahaha I love this man	3
I did nazi that coming!	5
I mean I love [NAME] as a player, but emotional attachment aside, we really need a consistent shooter	0
LOL!!! Good one!	3
Thanks for your concern. I'd rather get ahead than deal with trying to do this at the last minute because the teacher offers me 0 recourse.	3
Little scrub didn't even make it through the first week of NN19.	4
Thank you! I had no idea Reddit had profile pictures and I've been using for a couple of years.	3
Thanks but not pictured: my 3” heels I usually have to tip toe to kiss the dude🙎🏻‍♀️	3
Professionally.... no way I could do that to myself	0
And yet none of ya'll are willing to even let 3rd party candidates in the building. Got to love the hypocrisy	3
Was hoping for a per bear on the other side, or maybe a running woodchipper.	3
> I guess you don't agree Did *you* read *my* comment properly or just jump to the assumption?	5
*ads even more trashier	0
On this sub I don't know whether to upvote or downvote	5
I tip my invisible hat anytime I drive past this dealership. What an unfortunate surname.	4
Can you adopt me? I’m after those bones	5
Hi u/CareeningDirigibug, thanks for posting this however I am afraid it has been removed as this video has already been posted within the last week. Hope you understand.	3
[NAME] was attractive physically and got a match. [NAME] wasn't unattractive in his behavior and got an invitation for sex.	0
"It's a careful boundary between them seeing you as ""one of those parents"" and taking you seriously."	3
a surprise to be sure	5
You're delusional	0
People don’t understand the word allegation anymore, or innocent until proven guilty.	5
Sorry for all the questions I just find ASPD to be a fascinating disorder. I have BPD SO to me not having emotions sounds like a dream.	4
A RACK ON IT YEEEEEE GONNA LIVE BET THAT SHIT AND SECOND HALF 3K let’s goooo	3
I don’t get why you don’t post that hog.	0
Yeah, it basically gives us carte blanche to challenge every single gun law, lol. [NAME].	3
She truly looks like a puma, beautiful!!	3
You fucking got this bb, one step at a time. The DD is here for you.	0
Are any other carriers better? I ask out of ignorance, but I was under the impression they all sucked	5
Ah haven't heard of them before. [NAME] is from Fourig which is right outside Dayton. Congrats on your new addition! <3	3
Bruh, I’ve been getting this tough love since I was 18. Hence the dusty balls.	4
If somebody is fundamentally unsocialized chances are they behave socially inappropriate in more than one situation	0
Ah cool. I thanks for clarifying.	3
Thank you :) I'm trying to hang out with friends more, I felt like I was quite distant from them because of him	3
China shipping is also unreliable and most packages come ruined.	3
I was really hoping it was the gasping pikachu when I clicked the link, I wasn’t disappointed.	3
I don't understand why [NAME] is starting it on the feet..	5
is the entire cast at least on there and not cut off at the bottom like the other pic I saw here?	5
Recently got this book! I would be interested as well!	5
Fuck with these giveaways.	0
You sure are outraged about some people making fun of [NAME]. Gee, that's easy!	0
Thanks [NAME]. wait a minute...	3
New Year, new you. I'm proud of you.	3
glad to see paleho's doing well	3
I loved the first one, but haven't gotten around to the second one yet.	3
You shouldn’t forget it, and you probably need therapy. Years of abuse like that takes its toll.	3
Truer words were never typed. Loved that game.	3
Sorry thought you were the other guy that said it was a privilege.	4
I was so hyped after the zach shot, I'm still crying	4
"I used to sell appliance parts. Yes, I need your model number. No, the part you are looking for isn't ""standard."""	0
1 is the lie. I'm cheating because I remember this convo from last week.	4
I didn't see it either! I feel like the kid at the birthday party that didn't get a piece of cake...	4
Dudes karma is -99 lol	3
Sounds like you know the answer, and at first she will resent you. But hopefully over time will realize what your doing.	3
♥ thanks for understanding	3
That’s a lot of chonkers!	5
I love when people call 500ms lights useless.	3
Nah I wish, that would have been awesome!!	3
It's a dumb and harmful thing, when you invite people because of their race and sexual orientation over qualifications and skill	0
Great to see [NAME] back on the court	3
only facts mate - so nothing you would be interested in	0
[NAME] I can understand, but Ukrainian? Is he a migrant from central asia? Or a [NAME]? I am confused	5
Didn't even get a chuckle out of me. I guess its just too high brow for my dumb brain.	4
Hopefully she lives in a very vaccinated area that will protect her baby. Hopefully.	3
Damn. That’s profound. Did you graduate from Harvard?	5
For some reason I always thought that was [NAME] unless if I'm remembering a different play	5
I love the logic of a better cheaper more reliable service comes along, so let's block the roads and highways that will make people love us LOL	3
>Working in MD AND DC? Would this be illegal? I will do that, thanks!	3
that's amazing, gives me hope.	3
Good for you.	3
Stay strong, you’ll pull through.	3
I wish I had your efficiency. I can be at work a full shift and still get almost nothing done.	3
Was it just me or when they showed the backboard camera did the hoop look like it had a surprised face?	5
Awesome, it looks like we've found our next scapegoat.	3
But the panther saddle is sexy af.	3
Man I want AD but I love OG ::(( guess we gotta sacrifice eh...	5
Oh god. Imagine losing to Toronto in the cup final. You would spent the rest of your life hearing about it	5
You okay there, bot?	3
The kind you enjoy & can fully devote yourself to.	3
Black people still get shot unarmed. Comparing suffering is stupid and pointless.	0
It's a waste of water to shower that often.	0
Omg, maybe best plot twist. I wish that will happen	3
I really like this OP, going to start doing something similar - thank you!	3
[NAME] bless you. Some of us are barely hanging on...	3
Ate too much “hot chips”	3
Nothing in politicalhumor from them is even remotely funny. They're completely untethered.	3
hum yhea i kind of agree, but i still dont understand what it has to do with the amount of devs left working on the game.	3
But he was so *hurt* when [NAME] acknowledged that homosexuality is a sin.	4
This why we can’t have nice things! I would’ve beat him up for taking with my non-existent mans away 😤	0
OP and wife probably have other areas that are private. Sometimes it could be our dreams that even we don't dare speak aloud to ourselves.	5
Your brother is in a freak cult that ruins lives. Forgive him but don’t listen to that bs.	3
Well, yeah. She wasn't the best actress up for the award by a long shot. I don't think this is a surprise to anyone.	3
Beyond that, it affirms the idea that discipline and habit exist for as long as you maintain them, which I find kinda funny.	3
Did you guys use condoms before? Or was it just the mental hurdle of knowing you weren't taking any birth control?	5
Wow, never knew about [NAME] and I thought I was well-read!	5
Ooh, and they make the joke be able to be known by everyone so viewer thinks they are special	3
The best one for me is still Borderlands 2, and it’s been a fucking while. Amazing how far ahead of its time that game was.	5
If Gold state can make it work with 4 all stars we damn sure can with two players	3
It's nice to have dreams.	3
Looks like a good DILF look to be fair lol	3
Haha my cat does that as well. Had to get round door knobs.	3
This is an issue I had with breaking bad. I love the show but sometimes the actors would talk so frigan quietly.	3
I can guarantee you for many the hate for this administration started much before the election results were in.	0
Why should OP be the only one making effort to work on a relationship with the mom?	5
That is a very handsome dog.	3
Why is sleeping with a coworker such a big problem for a news network? It’s not the military with a rank disparity or something	0
We are going with Godsey. This team is so dumb.	0
Suddenly went 6 to midnight TBH	5
No, we both know you are liar. Thanks for convincing me to block you.	3
I’d love to hear Zombie Bastards, King of the World, and the Angel and the One.	3
I hate the way [NAME] kisses people. Like smushing his face in a figure 8 on their lips. Ugh	0
Enjoy your karma	3
This is great	3
Are you not the copycat, for being the thousandth person to do this?	5
Why aren't more men getting married???	5
I hope all the best for you. Keep posting in this sub when you need help, but always run it by your physician/therapist before taking any advice	3
>!Cosplayer Bystander!<: I always knew he was a little bitch.	0
Literally all of them have said and done MUCH worse than anything [NAME] has.	1
Lots Of Love	3
No, I’m saying that “not getting an abortion” is the default option, and takes less deliberate effort than getting an abortion.	0
Ugh I never thought I'd be someone that gets jealous about shoes, which ones did you get?	0
"I love the guy who is like ""the analogy is daft. Cheese would sink"", like that isn't the point."	3
That's just a tad frosty. I'm ready to ice skate to work on thursday amsterdam style.	3
You could wish for it to cure stupidity atleast. Obviously it doesnt.	3
*pounces on you* uwu you’re so warm	3
I’ll bet he insists he loves both of you because for him love is just serving his needs.	3
I really love [NAME]	3
I was petrified...	2
See him live if you haven’t already. One of my favorites to see in concert.	3
Thanks for clarifying!	3
> is this big news? Not really. The primary use of vit D is different.	5
I might be in trouble in this case. I have 7 years going on 8 :(	2
There. Are. No. Moderate. Republicans. Repeat this, nonstop, everytime she is mentioned. She is an extremist who pretends to be moderate.	0
Good job Clemson. You're becoming the new [NAME].	3
Everyone who is complicit in all this should be punished and questioned as to why they allowed this to happen. Complete disgrace!	4
Nope, not really	0
Hahaha, that's brilliant. Stupid and hilarious.	3
happy birthday, have some gold!	3
Change the channel during the NFC Playoffs? Hey did you ever pay that ticket? No? Just wondering....	5
Damn, what a savage. Spoken like a true brother. X'D	3
As a closing TM, that’s terrifying.	2
So I should definitely give up on real life is what you are trying to say huh? :(	4
is a great resource.	3
Literally. > i also dont know if i should post that here Because it's wrong? Nah, you're in the right place.	5
the whole thing, it was just hard to describe/express given how it all happened and everything.	4
I agree. His own hair color is much better with his blue eyes.	3
The one that is a sentient being; the one that's most affected.	4
This is what I was looking for. I keep passing all the info up. I appreciate all the help!	3
I did anyway hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahhahahaa fucking rekt XD	3
Nah I like my pockets kief free	3
it is adorable that you think that	3
All good brother. Los Lonely Boys just came on and I'm jamming. Much love.	3
What if she runs back to you just for more attention but still no interest in dating?	5
great meme chief, but an NSFW marking would be nice b/c of the swastika	3
Thanks so much for typing out such an expansive, detailed response!	3
*Ugh..* You are 23 and not married - leave.	1
The worst is working with dealerships	1
I wish yall would stay off the fucking roads when youre drinking beer. Mind you, on a bike I may just get that wish after your first night out.	3
Sometimes I think it's like the movie *Shallow Hal*. You see the person for who they really are on the inside, and it's terrifying.	2
Thanks bro. This is do or die for me. Will value my streak like gold.	3
literally exactly my thoughts on this!!! also happy cake day!!	3
Thank you for this ❤️❤️🦵🏼	3
[NAME] is a legend.	3
Not having sex doesn't mean you can't talk about it especially if the ultimate goal is proper coexistence.	0
"It can get ridiculous ,too. She'll actually yell out ""stop yelling!!!"" when she's the only one yelling."	0
People with autism are awesome. Atypical, interesting, passionate, expressive, and awesome.	3
You are reduced to attacking men for their biology.	0
Oh poor guy. That’s so sad. I can see why she is an ex friend.	4
John 3:16? What are you on about? Edit: also if this is the case then why is literally every genealogy in the Torah by father?	5
nice work man	3
I like my coffee like my women.	3
What? No angelic BROWN EFFIN COW????	5
I see you're a new fan, enjoy your stay!	3
That was intentional as fuck. I don’t know how anyone could argue that after that insane contortionist layup over [NAME] last week.	0
Downtown LA has some great Spanish/Hispanic clubs that play great [NAME] music. You should try La Cita, Las Perlas, or Las Cañas. All great clubs/venues.	3
Our performance was an embarrassment and should never have happened. It's a bottom of the league style performance against top.	4
Wow, that's quite a depressing article. I agree with points being made, but slow down with the doom and gloom.	3
I can’t see her cheeks...wait a min. Oh those cheeks!!	3
Their wings are great! Huge, well breaded and sauced, comes with a nice dill ranch dipping sauce. But expensive as hell... $14 for 6 wings	3
When and where did you go to basic, I never once even saw dessert in the dfac when I went thru	5
So basically the greatest person on earth.	3
Really Nice chiaroscuro	3
Im a revolver guy so I've always admired the rhino and its low bore axis design. The Rhino and the Kimber k6s are on my list.	3
"For a second there I read the subreddit as ""furry and sad"". Pretty disappointed."	4
Thought i was already there with the terrible title.	2
I’m just shitposting dude. In the spirit of the thread “I was bored”	0
I like [NAME] Colombian. Suspiciously cheap though.	3
wow bailed tf out	3
Saw [NAME] of Big Bang Theory many years ago without makeup and she looked awful, and that was when she was pretty	3
Simultaneously terrible and awesome facial hair.	3
He's done nothing to earn trust either. He got ran out of Miami	0
Wow! Prayers for everyone there.	3
Yes but what other sources are there?	5
[NAME] has progressed so much this season. Took him a little bit to start getting his confidence but I’m a lot more excited about his future now	3
Can you show an example, or is this more of that imagined victim hood we constantly see from the party who wants less brown people around?	5
Amazing!! Congrats!	3
Better than that dumb pink look.	3
Was Netflix ever $7.99 for HD streaming?	5
I know I care about people more than animals... Im a fucking monster.	3
I don’t think you are comprehending what I’m saying.	0
They really aren’t people. They were slavers. Civilized people should have only one answer to that sort of behaviour: violence and death.	4
No one is stopping you. I will laugh at you, but go ahead.	3
This is even remotely funny	3
See this is why they should merge r/forhonor and r/forhonormemes cause clearly it makes no difference what subreddit it’s on	0
You got a license for that sarcasm?	5
Your right. I just didn't want to go into depth out of laziness	3
Remember how we always joke about being willing to buy GameStop for like $3.50? Looks like the other corporations said the same thing.	3
Bruh I wish 😖	3
That arena is so ugly I’d be scared too	2
Did feel that one but I find it hard to tell sometimes	4
Yeah I feel like we’d be able to do *something*, just not sure what... I find it interesting as hell though!	3
Pretty sure it’s going on in the apartment across from me right now. My neighbors are trashy	0
Same with [NAME]. I was even disappointed Parks and Rec had newt gingrich on for a cameo.	4
Why are you so fucking concerned with what someone else uses to clean their teeth? You sound like a toothpaste troll.	0
If [NAME] goes back to the Nationals their lineup and rotation are going to be nasty! I'm still hoping he lands outside of the division.	3
And they lived happily ever after.	3
Thank you for the new obsession.	3
Your inability to formulate an argument is what's most humorous. Oh great philosophers of free speech... Thanks for the laugh. Happy New Year!	3
Our federal budget is $4 trillion. Until entitlements are reformed the arguments over what things cost is irrelevant.	0
Yeah, empathy, a hell of a drug ;)	3
Same. They responded really quickly like within an hour.	3
hahaha. ask a person u hate for coffee. as an introvert with [NAME]. this cant go wrong	3
That's ignorant as all hell. Tell them to buy their own.	0
You and everybody else is free to contribute though. Unlike r/bitcoin where all of us once came from.	3
Turkey bacon is some worst processed food. Enjoy	4
That’s not how totaling works.	0
That’s adorable! I hope they stick with it!	3
Good job ignoring [NAME].	3
Must be a terrible swim team. The only thing that your neck beard does is accentuates your double chin.	2
I'm glad we picked a coach who's shown he is great at developing our young talent which is the true focus of this season	3
Hahahah holy shit, yes it does.	3
Sadly too easy to gank. Bronze brawl 4-man notices you are split pushing, you are dead.	4
That's awesome. You are a great and good person with a good heart. Never, ever change❤	3
It happens to me in relatively short streaks last one 13 days and I noticed it was a bit yellow	5
Am I the only one that likes the original better? It was cuter	3
My son told me he hates me	4
I can't say I know enough about the sport. Very possible though.	5
Yeah what kind of loser writes songs about girls	5
[NAME], thanks for playing [NAME]	3
We seriously need to use all legal and ethical means to avoid losing our nation to the fascist oligarchy. We need desperately to cut out this deep cancer.	3
I'm glad this movement has occurred. Thank you for your service	3
That's amazing! I think that's great! I wish you the best in 2019! Please keep us updated!	3
Have a good evening thank you!	3
Oh mah gawd!!	5
Is there a sub reddit for targeted memes like this?	5
Lol there’s always that one guy in the comments	3
This is awesome. Always been wanting more historically accurate representations of ancient Chinese military equipment and soldiers and not the almost fantasy level stuff seen in drama's.	3
Superbowl 42 is going to be the greatest Superbowl of all-time for a long time.	3
I've never heard him say this... News to me	3
My god. I could have written this. This exact scenario happens to me too (including waking up at 5:30 on the weekend)	5
I kept them and wish I hadn't. A pain to get rid of the further removed you are.	3
[NAME] is so good at drafting too, but he just struggles as a head coach. I’d be ok with this	3
Unpopular opinion: Let [NAME] take the open 3s so he can become a better stretch big.	3
Out of curiosity, what does [NAME] think of [NAME]?	5
Dude, you made my day.	3
Lol same.	3
Smoking a pipe whilst laying some pipe. Fantastic.	0
So, so good	3
Wow the delusion here is breathtaking.	3
[NAME] as Manly's top try scorer is pathetically bad.	4
Nice asimov reference	3
So you can make funny sex jokes on iFunny, obviously.	3
bruh literally same	3
That makes sense. Never thought of it like that	5
I look amazing	3
100% scam	0
I think the only person who needs to leave is you.	5
Was this at Meadowvale? I wanted to take a pic but had my gloves on	5
How has the season not even started, and Plastique already is my fav	3
Most exciting abortion I’ve ever seen.	3
Nice! I missed the Babybel.	4
That boy ain’t right	0
Ever seen Paris nowadays?	5
"I'm no [NAME] but I do use their saying, ""Hate the sin and not the sinner."" Do your very best and keep going. 🍍✌"	3
your first mistake was trying to make something look presentable while serving it in a tupperware	0
This sounds interesting	5
Why would you doubt it dumbass?	5
This is peak Dundee.	5
This is so cute and wholesome? How is this terrible	3
But what volumes does the 3rd chart speak?	5
ah, i see. yeah it’s true that the title does seem pretty flippant, though maybe the article itself is better?	3
Ah, the other kind of dog.	5
That's a giant, adorable, super-good woofer you got right there!	3
Thank you, trust me I'm extremely glad.	3
She broke that young man's toes, ankles, and knees on that fall. lol	3
[NAME]. I like those moments on Reddit when you understood the reference.	3
Brilliant movie.	3
I agree we got to look at our team, not the players we have traded... good luck to them. Go dodgers!!	3
Awesome! I'll see it ASAP. When work won't be this hectic. 😊	3
"Can I comment on the lost opportunity/remarkable restraint by [NAME] to not have a ""MLK I Have a Dream Mattress Sale"""	5
Talked about our demons after watching It's Kind of a Funny Story.	3
You didn't want to have sex with anyone before you turned 18?	5
That kinda true honestly lol. Just has more potential	3
We’re all bible on this blessed day	3
I find it really strange how people align themselves with or against a politician so strongly.	5
This is amazing	3
Ken he's 🎏 but a point worth considering. Seems so much more photos now then ever was	3
Do you mean artists?	5
Sometimes you gotta agree with the terrible Facebook memes.	3
The new beserker face ruined him for me. Made him another old, wrinkly hobo.	0
I didn't even know there were two types of strep. That's very interesting!	3
Either way, I am afraid his marriage is over. She doesn't respect him anymore...	2
I didn't know that newborn babies eat and breathe through an umbilical cord. TIL.	5
BTW does anyone watch peep show and have noticed how much [NAME] looks like [NAME]?	5
Your comment is completely irrelevant and you're trolling me in order for you to cry and whine about Detroit. Get out of here.	0
Agreed, especially considering so many pets that were once given as a gift are abandoned later anyway.	3
This one is the worst, by far	1
He’s bad	1
It is pretty disappointing when you can't pet a service dog that's cute but the rule has to be followed.	4
One of the very few individuals to survive a shot to the head. Very unfortunate since he had a couple of more good years ahead of him.	4
Lol. Imagine dying to a floating zombie	3
Grammar jokes be* my favourite	3
She shouldn’t have to fight a male.	0
Shes got no style, shes got no grace... this [NAME] has a funny face!	3
Saw it at work this morning, christ the clouds were beautiful	3
I often do this when I listen to metal. It helps vent some of the anger I feel.	3
I would think I was in a horror movie and lock the doors. Lol	3
My girlfriend always says “Them’s the rules.” And I love it. I also love “I don’t make the rules.”	3
Be prepared for many old men to hit on you	3
This has been going on for months and bypass 2018 and now it is about to end.Actually I doubt it	5
Why did he think that you work there? People visit hospitals all the time.	5
Most awkward looking super-athlete ever.	3
What dose are you taking and how long did it take to help? I've been trying the Lazarus 50mg/ml. Not seeing any obvious improvement so far.	4
I buy VHS, DVD and Blu-ray. I have a huge collection.	3
This picture is a prime example that [NAME] are intolerant douchebags who will always demonize wealth, fame, and entertainment.	1
Hi Tired, I'm Dad. And I'm very disappointed in you for following your older brother's example and becoming a trap that poses for /b/	4
Omfg the worst!! want to pull my hair out!!	1
She got me into it so not wrong lol	3
I'm really enjoying Season 3 but this would ruin it for me.	3
Kraft is the wrong kind of ass though. Even the generic stuff is better than kraft.	0
Haha I’ll try and avoid it. Nowhere currently on my list is in Alabama	3
I’m sorry to hear you’ve been cheated on.. but you’re free ! Makes it easier for NC if they found a new FP	4
Stay right there, I’m gona try it right now and report back	3
An imaginary god won't make you feel better, that's right, just the one true Living and Eternal God of Great Mercy who loves you.	3
[NAME] getting injured definitely didn’t help.Mou’s first Chelsea team was on a whole other level defensively	5
Because men are weak/stupid enough to let them.	0
Same. I played it handheld yesterday and was amazed how smooth it looks and plays 😱	3
Yay, congratulations! :D	3
What do you do for work?	5
You're going to seriously regret this in a few years.	4
Save those texts, call the cops, restraining order and no contact. You need to do this for you and the baby.	3
Of course you have to play your cards right, but having good cards can really help you. It’s all about tact.	3
Because learning another language is cultural appropriation. This people are pathetic.	4
Srs glad she's going to stop cancering herself	3
Sounds fun to be around her....Jk:)	3
It’s a shame there is no sound lol	3
Ok thanks ❤❤	3
..and it's awful. What a waste of money.	1
RED ALERT RED ALERT	2
i was agreeing with u/sixstringersoldier guess my analogy wasnt clear	3
You did. But I’m not arguing with a bunch of troglodytes. Have a nice day.	3
Both good and not so good, but mostly good! You should DESTROY HER. NOBODY NEEDS TO TAKE UP THAT MUCH SPACE ON THE CURB.	0
It was so frustrating seeing him overthrow people every week. I hope he makes that a point of focus this off-season.	0
"I'm pretty sure most ""pick up"" artists in Asia pay the girls."	3
"[NAME] IS SO CUTE WITH THE ""MINE"" SdgksadGDKLSG:"	3
I was in Buckhead waiting to celebrate in the streets. Ugh. [NAME] freakin [NAME].	3
AKA great!	3
I need a loop of [NAME] falling lol	3
Can you give a source for that? I'd like to understand better.	5
Beautiful play by [NAME]. Dude gets better every game he plays.	3
[NAME] hits centre mass more often than a world class sniper. It's a fairly impressive.	3
When my [NAME] is crying...	4
Interesting ideas and has a strong argument against postmodernism	3
I think you didn't read the whole post. Go to the eye doctor.	0
Fuck me, that is good.	0
It was balanced by also adding relics , you could have some pretty cool variations in your games if they added a system similar to both !!	3
You are entitled to live your life the way you want to. I never said you weren't. You really are just disappointing.	4
26>27 confirmed	5
Watched Split. Good but got a little spooked. Unbreakable last night, Glass tomorrow hopefully	3
I was so happy for cowboy	3
The Homestead Crater is fun. I also like the Crystal Hot Springs!	3
[NAME] was right! Best lipsync so far! That should be a double shantay and holy crap I think [NAME] may have just become my favorite queen!	3
Our games against San Fran always seem to have amazing finishes	3
These questions tell you'll be a fantastic dad! Don't sweat it too much and make sure you enjoy it. They grow up quick :)	3
For real though, TurboGraphix16 was pretty cool. They had some neat games.	3
you have zero evidence that anything in this story is fabricated. your blind cop hatred just really, really wants you to believe that.	0
Also thank you for the link.	3
Actually mommy needs to grow up and manage her own feelings.	3
That's amazing! I love this kind of thing. Birds flocking. Fireflies synchronizing.	3
I disagree. Every starting receiver [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] will have over 1k yards on the season while [NAME] cracks 2k.	0
Wow that’s one way to get out of it for a while 🤔	3
No it’s ok. How does [NAME] feel about his mom hovering? Are there plans to move out or is this a permanent thing?	5
Oh nice. What lvl on Siege?	3
Fuck yeah, I eighteenth this.	3
I love [NAME] and [NAME] we are so lucky	3
I'd take Florida winning it all this year, just so it's not Bama/Clemson 5	3
shucci a lil BITCH	0
No tweets from [NAME] since 10:30pm EST... twelve hours ago at the time of this writing. Oh, he must be having a GREAT time.	3
Still, it’s legal weed. Sorry, sad [NAME] here..	4
and she finished that leg of the race without getting eliminated! It was kinda impressive.	3
It has its moments, that's for sure.	3
Ugh sucker punch	0
We've always been at war with Eurasia what are you talking about?	5
Teams got some fire tonight. I like it.	3
"Wow, pulling her by her hair and throwing her on the ground doesn't exactly say ""respect me"" in any way."	0
thanks [NAME], very cool! i’m just gonna off myself tho. brain hurty juice hurty my brain too much	3
Not starting it at that temperature is a great way to drain your car of an ability to start. Pick your poison.	3
What happened next?	5
too much internet	3
A guy tried to do this in France after the French Revolution. Did not go well.	4
I teased him about being an off center unicorn lol	3
Pulp Fiction is fucking amazing	3
Thanks [NAME]! <3 #9	3
I LOVE your glasses! I have the same color but a slightly different shape but yours really suit your face! Also I'm jealous of your hair 🤷‍♀️	3
Oh my god, zero-calorie Gatorade is a thing ^(i don't care how many chemicals are in it if its zero-calorie)	5
Thank you, I love Heart and Zeppelin and haven't seen that till now.	3
Everybody betrayed [NAME] [NAME]. I'm fed up with this world.	1
Avoid Blount St and Martin Luthur King or risk death. I’m not kidding.	0
Good minutes from bayless	3
Yeah it is getting strange. I've even been talking to a right wing poster for the last few days who is terrified of her.	3
now when I'm off work I completely forget it exists, I love it	3
My day was ok, I’ve just been watching YouTube and on twitter.	3
I don't know about that. Old Liz managed to earn around $90k over the past couple of years.	0
Luckily I never got sucked into Overwatch, because I know if I had I would definitely have an unhealthy amount of playtime racked up.	3
This is funny, although... Some people just can't take a yolk.	3
Makes me want to break out my 'learn to use my SLR properly' resolution again.. more time commitment tbh. Great shot.	3
When the player is reasonable with his demands and the team is reasonable with their offer, magic stuff can happen.	3
Thank you for the clarification.	3
We are like the douchebusters!	3
Problem is we don't have much else of value. [NAME], [NAME], [NAME]. We have to hope [NAME] likes THJ.	3
Agreed, but I can't believe the bottom of the barrel just has double French doors opening into the foyer of yet another barrel.	3
> but [NAME] shut her up see this is why we love [NAME] so much	3
Doesn't matter if we stop, everyone else will do it. You're telling a whole world looks don't matter, yah good luck.	3
This isnt a excuse. It affected their start last yr also.	0
Did the goat enjoy it?	5
It's mostly what kids are enjoying at the time. I know I associate Minecraft with my little brother would watch cringey Minecraft YouTube videos all day	3
That [NAME] missed layup is haunting me right now.	2
He has become that which he swore to destroy!	0
EXACTLY. Not only is it incredibly important, but it's incredibly **fun** as well.	3
Congratulations! As a fan of impulsiveness and craziness, I could not support this haphazard mayhem more. Best of luck to you both.	3
It’s cool lol, no hard feelings	3
I love it that they're filming this with a phone or something	3
"""average good singer"" "	3
Most likely it’s not a tumour since cancerous tumours aren’t usually painful. You still should go check it out ASAP.	3
I was jumping the same gun but decided to do some googling just in case. Glad I did :)	3
[NAME] is lining up for West Ham, holy shit im excited to see this play out	3
A volley into a header. Just wow. The skills.	3
Not only your boyfriend thinks you are hot, Iike your haircut😉	3
My new favourite bromance	3
"""here's where the map completely breaks"" ""also centurion has safe heavies"" like really lmao"	3
I can't unsee it now. I wish I could, I love magic	3
yeah violence shouldn't be your goto first option, but the people who pretend words are meaningless sounds are stupid idiots	0
At least we've always got other people here who understand.	3
Noted thank you.	3
It’s insane how [NAME] hasn’t been carded yet	0
“I don’t need no more sisters, I got enough last year” *cut to shocked mid drag faces in the werk room*	0
Apologies, sir	4
I love tropical weather, it's the endless ocean and moving ship (I have bad vertigo).	3
That one little girl with her jersey, nearly jumping out of her own skin to get a high 5 is adorable.	3
£20 per child?! That is ridiculous! You can’t buy much of anything for that! I am furious on your behalf!!	0
Me too thanks!	3
That's still a fucking insane number. 70% is goddamn insanity, and the only reason you're alright with it is because you're unaffected.	5
LMAO me too! Just give us the life sentence and be done with it 🤣	3
You called [NAME] a defensive player of interest. I don't know that logic is in this topic.	5
I think this guy might be a [NAME]. It's hard to tell these days.	5
In this regard, how are babies different from neighbors?	5
Red Line guys are awesome. The Chicago office is going to be infinitely better than te New York one. So much for ditching the whole city thing.	3
great ideas!	3
Neither are sleeping adults, so it's ok to kill someone as long as they are asleep.	3
Yup, my greatest fear realized.	5
Blade and Soul looks terrible, IMO. Way way way too much saturation and bloom. Great post, OP!	3
I was already taking a break from basketball this season, but I think this really put the final nail in the coffin. This team is hopeless.	0
Ok that makes sense. Im familiar with the term.dog whistling, just havent seen ot attached to globalists.	3
Go slowly and don’t pressure yourself but rake advantage of some adult company for an evening out if the opportunity presents itself. Best wishes	3
[NAME] is just another millionaire taking advantage of dumb people.	0
YES please! I would love to see this map back in game! So many good memories	3
hay guyz let's all hang around in a chat room about old pictures and masturbate in a circle with smug looks on our carb bloated faces	3
He's hilarious	3
??? Like a duck on a June bug?	5
this is magnificent	3
"Also, on my phone this didn't show up as a ""cross post"". Sorry!"	4
How the fuck is that not ticketable.	0
The most important part of a sacrifice is the innocence of the victim. (Even we [NAME] belive that). The unborn are the most innocent.	3
Isn't it the same thing? Or at least equally bad?	5
Same. Even while not on my period I have lower back pain	3
Good thing the lions no longer run a true 4-3	3
is that [NAME] fucking [NAME]	5
But it's still....the geographic location of Arizona haha.	3
Well I hope it works out lol. We really need help in that department	3
Yes you can start working. Just use those bags, but don't bother with the prompt on the dashboard.	3
No, absolutely not. How bout if you have more to lose you be more careful about not breaking the law.	3
Beautiful Work! You take doing [NAME] work quite literally:)	3
Awesome!!!	3
The woman types like she isn’t a native speaker of English. Which worries me immensely.	4
I mean, OP is consenting and asking for it, it's better to let them be	3
I feel retarded because i laughed	3
I enjoy it as well, there's dozens of us!	3
I’m sorry that happened to you but it’s I can imagine I know if it was me I would forever feel Guilt.	4
**Zigzagzigal-type Balance Suggeestions** - I feel like you are flying, why not get into a war with China who, because they had no alternatives.	0
I’m just not sure why he thought I’d find it attractive, it deserves an attaboy at best	3
Where is this video on Doesn't seem to be on any of the pages I loaded.	5
Poor [NAME]. Give him some Enfamil. He will feel better soon.	3
That was brutal.	0
while her other suitor looks like a decent guy, looks good, trying to be a good bf.	3
"""YOU BUNCHA BASTARDS"" is one of my favorite quotes hahaha"	3
That looks like a fun group	3
It’s horrible for me, way worse than your situation. Be Glad that you aren’t me	2
Thank you. For some reason I thought it had been released in all markets.	3
Why is [NAME] still getting minutes? He is probably the worst player on this roster.	4
This made me laugh.	3
Even after the initial testing? Thank you!	3
"would I be correct to refer to this as ""pop feminism?"" I think we're talking about the same thing when I say that."	5
You're a bit of a wet wipe aren't you?	5
Great anime though. [NAME] awesome.	3
Lets see if [NAME] cares about playing hard in [NAME] return to LA. I think we can win if our players actually play hard and care.	3
Hers are just terrible. I’ve seen the look great on other people.	3
:) this made me smile. I laughed so hard at the blinker fluid part. You and [NAME] are proof that not all heroes wear capes.	3
Makes sense, but I imagine if they wanted the land that badly theyd just buy it off him	3
Just eat it after. Lol. Im kidding, but it would honestly be the best recycling option. Not that anyone is going to do it.	3
I’m glad I had a few margaritas before I read this	3
are you fcking serious sis	5
Beat me to it. Just because the news makes it seem like there is a pandemic of school shootings, it is exceedingly unlikely to happen.	0
Snorting them might be what kept her from having a lethal overdose, snorting benzos is pretty much a waste as most of it barely absorbs.	2
For fun!	3
sorry for the dumb question, but where do the pagers get their signal from? Are there still emitter around or do cellphone towers this job now?	5
In all seriousness, glad you're all okay and that you shared this awesome story. Congrats btw.	3
I'm not to proud of them right now. I'm mad at them ☹☹ But big ups!!	0
Wow. My first comment here (I think) is met with hate! Ouch!	3
Someone being kinda mad is undoubtedly better than someone having their tongue ripped out	3
No, they don’t. No morning after pills/contraception pills are free, even at the clinics	0
Yeah but everyone dies so that makes no sense lol.	3
I feel terrible but I do this too, or watch obese people doing mukbangs	2
*[NAME] playing the world's saddest tune on the world's biggest violin.*	4
I can help.	3
So THATS how he got the room for that backhanded top 10 nhl goal...	5
Glad you are resting better, and as for your friend he deserves the brownie points.	3
If we were in the same city we could've hung out. Happy new year to you. You're not alone in being alone.	3
[NAME] is so goddamn good	3
And I also appreciate you.	3
Happy Cakeday! I met my partner of 6 years at a London [NAME] meet-up 🤩	3
Alexa this is awesome play eye of the tiger	3
Thanks! There are so many resources available. Thank you for telling me about one that actually helped you	3
ya lol i’m not here to depress myself more than i already am	3
I feel like [NAME] will have a great bounce back game tonight	3
Exactly. That's why I'm watching his videos as well. ;)	3
Why do all the animals look terrifying oh god oh fuck	5
Wow you’re cool	3
Don't worry - there's only one barely known movie to his credit. Pretty easy to avoid.	3
I just don't know whether to believe if this is achieveable at this age.	5
Sadly they aren't in control. [NAME] is and he'll always do the worst possible thing.	4
Would love to see them both in the same side	3
Sorry for late reply Rosetta is an actual name, it is different than Noctis, Rosetta doesn't hit you like a cricket bat when you hear it.	4
I can only imagine the mud butt that comes with a bowl of DQ chicken and DUMPlings	0
if he is strong, he won't need to quit job	3
Where exactly is the irony? His name is not [NAME], and the title, bio, and picture contain no related jokes.	5
Ok maybe I should watch Tangled	3
Only all the time. As of a few years ago it’s been impossible for me to do it, which is discomforting to say the least.	0
Oh no, the horror. Look, a pause! Let's start CPR! Those nurses, probably	2
Ah thanks. Well hopefully he can do better with [NAME].	3
You realize everyone sees you REEEEEEing all over the place right? You can act nonchalant all you want but obviously youre one salty sea dog	0
no wonder i never noticed because i skip the pilot everytime i restart the series	5
Interested in Carlton stuff.	3
Thank yoooouuuuu ❤️	3
What the Fuck?	0
The goodest human	3
Oh. That's an... Interesting username. :	3
You're pushing me to adopting irrational and nonsensical beliefs! dogs are cats now!	0
Lilo and Stitch is one of my favorites. I really want to go buy a stuffed Stitch to hug now.	3
Honestly i have no clue. Just got my feelings hurt by the mean things he was saying to nurk and wanted to cyberbully him in response	4
Thanks, it was no effort at all.	3
I only use freedom units, sorry.	3
Thank you, really. I always thought so, but it’s nice when other people see it too.	3
Be safe.	3
Oh great now Soda is screaming again just what I needed.	3
True, and so sad to see. Somewhere along the way, the governing of a country my mutual consensus turned into a national sport with 2 teams.	4
You're welcome! Happy New year!	3
lakers bout to get KAT fucked now	0
See [NAME] this is the problem, I don’t know if you’re talking about cutting people in half or halving the population	5
Sodaman going sicko mode	0
Except it destroyed 76% of America's scooby snack production. May Shagster have mercy on us all.	4
Amazing notes. Posts like this is what make us feel that we are not alone in our struggles.	3
Oh thanks I didn’t pay really attention haha	3
I was thinking that as well after I posted. Some nasty stuff settles on ceiling tiles.	1
Nope I’m not exposing my kinks to Reddit 😂	0
Amazing, my friend 🙏	3
it’s a sensitive topic and she probably took it as if smelling bad lol. i’d just avoid saying that	3
I love democracy, that's why I hate antidemoratic institutions like the EU.	3
I’m sorry :(	4
The joke doesn't even have anything to do with the song.	0
I like Brown Sugar	3
Yeah I was citing the wrong statistic here. Thanks for posting this.	3
Is that listing not supposed to be a joke?	5
Glad those underprivileged West Loop kids will finally have something nice to take advantage of.	3
Been saying this shit for years. Sorry not sorry	4
Hope your friend is okay.	3
Damn *fabulous*!	3
thank [NAME] that period is over, pretty sure the lightning had like -89 shots that period	3
Wow good on you! I hope to have similar progress this year. How’d you do it?	3
Look! More complaining about people complaining, thus compounding the issue! What a happy little circle-jerk : ) You guys will never stop.	0
I love the thing. My jeans get all loose feeling after I wear them awhile. I feel skinnier when my jeans fresh.	3
I really love watching this one more than the goals.	3
"As if any of those words mean anything other than ""give me what I want or I'll socially shame you!"""	4
Wasn't that just a mass shooting? Or am I thinking of another college massacre?	5
I’m afraid it will eventually go that way.	2
I don't think I'll ever love anyone or anything as much as I love a nice cyst pop.	3
OK. That is really weird.	3
Lucasfilm never once said he was ancient or all powerful. [NAME] did, but that was an actor trying to build up hype for his character	3
I regret that I have but one upvote to give for your post. Very powerful.	4
The US version of The Office isn’t even the best version of The Office, never mind the best comedy ever.	0
good to know. thanks!	3
Cuck you're implying I'm vulnerable and submissive??! Hahhhaaaaaaa. You're the cuck here, the young incel loser	3
Insipid shite so far. We look mid-table.	0
Nice of them to come check on you.	3
Yup ^ If it isn’t working now, it won’t work later. He needs to grow up, and you need to move on!	3
Got any evidence that he did? Yeah. Neither did anyone else. You leftists are really too gullible for your own good.	5
This is actually one of the most retarded things I’ve ever seen. Good post op	3
I wonder if these little creatures with their big bulgy eyes ever poke themselves in the eyes accidentally.	5
Shocking isn’t it	5
[NAME] blows. Be happy she’s gone	3
I came here to tell you that this wins this sub and I’ll never be able to finish reading it.	3
Put that back where it came from or so help me...	0
It was more of a sarcastic ‘lol yeah right’. Nothing funny about wanting to harm my cat or control my life.	3
>more money than you I seriously, *seriously* doubt that. >doing something before this guys are outta the country Prove it.	0
Idk what dumbass downvoted you, somatotypes are bullshit lol	0
Those refs were terrible, god damn. GG Buckeyes, it was much closer than the score suggests.	2
Is it survival? If so I'd love to join!	5
Idk why anyone would think PMing abusive messages is above the law on reddit.	0
Ballroom Blitz. Thank me later.	3
He came flying out of nowhere for that. I was impressed.	3
Who should read?	5
I've been waiting years to see them (specifically [NAME])!!	5
The content is a rambling mess.	5
I am happy to receive constructive advice. If someone is short, or not constructive, I will react to it.	3
Oh man I was being facetious It annoyed me so much	0
I'm so jealous. I'm in NYC for a year and the lack of King Cake is giving me actual depression.	4
Can't even put on dress pants now without turning back and checking for my parents.	0
Good luck! If you do need to get her, you just gotta fuse together a Bicorn and a Jack Frost.	3
omg lke ikr	3
haha, actually haha	3
that was the part that got to me first. ouchie.	3
I get you...	3
Oh wow!!!	5
This is pretty bad advice. Do not use dreams own encryption. And do not use things such as igolder	0
stuff is incredible on fried chicken	3
Except [RELIGION].	5
Sadly I know lots of peeps that would find this dude hot. He has that LA 90’s Persian chic thing going for him	4
Your comment from exactly 40 days ago was, “Your mom.” I wouldn’t recommend you eat your words.	3
you fucking moron	0
Saint and Eagles was the only interesting game.	3
I'd be more than happy to indulge this toothache.	3
I’m surprised they find toothpaste still	5
>I clearly have no fuck I clue what I'm doing hire someone	5
Most GH now is fake. The real stuff is exorbitantly expensive.	0
People love him on Yelp:-)	3
Careful, he's a hero	3
Dude. This is exactly what happened to me. I hope you’re doing well. Hang in there.	3
I'm looking at that scene like a tribute to TWAU2's demise	3
That's wonderful! As you're learning to accept and love yourself as you are, so will your followers! Don't give up and good luck!	3
I love you [NAME]!	3
oh wow never heard of that in my life sorry	4
Sorry guys, accidentally sold 10,000k	4
I try and avoid that entire mall. Hahaha	3
"""they can't come through the port"" He's obviously never seen The Wire"	0
Yes, I know, I read the article, thanks. I'm not sure why you're quoting that, it doesn't change anything I said.	3
“I am on the verge of exploding in my pants” “Hehe you’re cute :)” -her	3
Sure! You had my curiosity; now you have my attention...	5
I also love Dallas Observer's Concert Calendar by day:	3
Seriously? That’s so frustrating. It was [NAME] time to go, some of these “fans” are disgusting.	1
Can’t wait for this match	3
thanks for answering!	3
I seriously don’t get how these refs allow everything to go in the first half, but the slightest touch is a foul in the second.	0
I love your username	3
Ok my apologies then!	4
Glad it was helpful!	3
And that’s assuming all your organs are in good condition, if you smoke or drink heavily you are likely losing lots of value.	3
Im looking for this, but I predict a 3-1 win to barça. I really hope [NAME] doesnt bore me	3
What is that exactly?	5
I guessed that but I’ve never seen a bun like that	5
Ahh going to bother me I remember it. Let me do some research!!	0
You have nothing to lose by going to the police now. They may help with the restraining order, shelter, etc.	3
Well the. Today I stand correctly informed. Thank you	3
How is Canada going?	5
> Then and only then might you receive ~~a tip~~ **whatever change we have leftover from our grand expenses.**” FTFY. Sadly.	4
you can use your inhuman orang-utan strength to tear them from limb to lim thats an option	3
Thank you [NAME]	3
I watched the Lego thing with my 7 year old cousin and I was surprised at how quickly I became invested in it.	5
Good for you, maybe some day you'll come to an understanding of each other but familiarity breeds contempt.	3
Just eat your goddamn vegetables, [NAME]!	0
[NAME] damn it [NAME]!	0
you beat me to it. Take your fucking upvote	0
Oh yeah, thanks, sorry for the confusion, good thing someone called their bullshit :)	3
Being a [NAME] is no different from being a [NAME]. Both have caused genocides. I hate how our society only focuses on one though!	1
Out of curiosity, what will he be working on and how is it different from your role?	5
I wonder if the formal letter from the psychiatrist will help if cops just decide to shoot her first :(	5
the into is the real cringe - good find!	3
Yeah! We should have given him justice by believing in claims with no merit! Yeah. Btw. [NAME] raped me 30 years ago! Get him!	4
Good for you for sharing... It must of been very very hard... Good luck in yr journey	3
Had no idea, they refused this type of deal in the past with other companies.	5
I knew it would be easy to trigger /r/movies peace out homies	3
Shame the 'all in' doesn't apply to managers. He has hired some duff managers over the years.	0
We got 6 (: She had us carry them out for her. There were some interesting items in the car.	5
BUT GUIS I THOUGHT [NAME] WAS PRO GUN? This should put the final nail in anyone still foolish enough to think that.	5
I like putting myself in the girl's shoes so I love romances.	3
Please boycott them! I'd love some shorter queues.	3
The brick details actually look good. Everything else - ehhhhhh.	3
I know it's easy for me to say because it wasn't me but money is money. We can always make more. Really sorry dude.	4
Got married so I don't have to worry about it.	3
I had a crush on this guy ever since I saw him as the mad hatter on OUAT.	3
Funny enough, I'm a Braves fan from CT whose main football team is the saints... So I don't like this post one bit.	3
I wish someone would do this for me.	3
Thank you!!!! for being one of the sound minded people here.	3
I use Firefox with my 5 extensions and one tab, 400MB of RAM being used. I use Chrome with the same conditions, a whole fucking gigabyte.	0
Sorry. But I think I DO have a right to an opinion broseph...	3
This is fantastic. Great work! [NAME] looks adorable and the little finger framing action from [NAME] is an excellent touch.	3
Nice work!	3
o.o I want to be able to drop 30k on presents. [NAME]: Sounds fun.	3
Haha this the best [NAME] answer to this question. Right to the point. <3	3
Sending you warm wishes :) <3	3
That’s what really kills me - thinking about this from our daughter’s perspective. Thank you for this. ❤️	3
The fact that you think like this is terrifying.	2
Sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry	4
Yeah, sorry I don't know British or Canadian.	4
I'm just living through you as you use shower comebacks in real life. Glorious...	3
U dumb.	0
[NAME] damn it, I knew something was wrong, oh well.	0
They're not going to read their UserVoice anyways. It's a PR stunt.	0
You were shot by a Vigilante!	5
Thanks! I appreciate the kind words :)	3
Lol don’t act like you care if you aren’t willing to back it up. Cheers	3
It's practically non existent. Im mostly afraid to initiate a hug because I'm afraid I don't know/forgot how to hug.	2
It's sad that nearly everything seems ok as long as [NAME] told you to do it.	4
Ohhh, thank you for correcting me 😊	3
Food is wonderful	3
"""Yeeaah, I know you're homeless and all but apartments are actually really boring. My most beautiful memories were all made outside in nature."""	4
The happiest of birthdays to you, [NAME]!	3
Imagine ur mom doing that I’m crying	4
Your brain is confusing itself. Try not to think about it too much. It's.. real weird to consider.	5
You're FUCKING JOKING	3
Oh that sucks good luck man	3
Problem is, it is Bantam and younger. I can teach breakouts easy enough and I don't need a panicked D zone to do it.	0
Tbf I don't think you can get much snakier than wishing for someone's pet to die	0
if you look closely, the joke is people fighting on the internet for literally no reason	3
I'M MOTIVATED!	3
I love how debt can now fully destroy hum after this move	3
A supposedly professional article banging on about gammons and insulting people's appearance. Not an impressive display of journalism, just a pathetic blog designed to preach to the choir.	0
People on the internet take shows too seriously. The average fan is not like that	0
Happy birthday [NAME]!	3
He really likes Babylon 5	3
Just kidding man 😂😂	3
Oh thats weird. It opens the google maps app installed on my phone so i dont have that problem.	1
Hope that helped. :P	3
was it a serious injury? like bleeding on the brain? If so then it could be legit.	5
That’s an early contender for title of the year 2019. Bravo.	3
Best rapporteur ever? [NAME] and [NAME] from Outkast.	5
Welcome to freedom! It takes time but you will be stronger than ever! Stick to NC, I cannot express how essential this is!	3
Coq was great man...	3
I always thought he was a student that took school too seriously (when I was younger of course)	5
Yes that was abuse.	0
Im on an SNRI, desvenlafexine, and it has honestly been life changing. I have zero side effects from it, whereas SSRIs made me worse	0
1k followers on Twitter. Seem to have no sponsors. Not looking good	4
I’m sorry if I hurt your fragile ego, you should get off the internet lol	3
Best summary of the situation right here.	3
Is that program reciprocal for the University of Minnesota? If so, that's pretty cool.	5
Obviously the super sisters will save her.	3
Thanks I don't know why it didn't load for me on my phone.	3
I don't think we've seen his full potential yet. With [NAME] we have, he can be really good. It's just rare nowadays...	3
But they did they say excited to bring their current roster to Columbus...	3
"He had to say, ""But alas"" which makes this soo funny."	3
Men are disadvantaged literally everywhere.	3
I think that you might just need to wait a little for the right significant other to show up	3
To this day, I get nervous reading anything with [NAME] name in it	2
Then why can't we claim a fetus on our taxes?	5
I REALLY love martini glasses. But not this much.	3
Very nice!! I love your art! What journal is this? I love the texture on the pages.	3
Lol...I was thinking the exact same thing.	3
I know a dozen local school administrators. What the hell are you talking about?	0
I caught that little tidbit too. Very unbiased. Very factual.	3
Happy to not only have the same birthday as him, but to also have a ball he threw into the stands after the middle of the 9th inning.	3
You sick fuck it has heads and arms we can’t eat that.	0
I have no friends.	4
thats adorable aw	3
Loving the things you do is a good start. it's easier than loving yourself, but it slowly leads into it.	3
I got an unsolicited text from wal-mart earlier today and I almost went into orbit. Spam texts are completely unacceptable.	0
Wanna trade lives? I'd gladly take normal height with hair and have the same experience.	3
[NAME] damn you're dedicated.	3
I know it’s perfectly cooked but something just grossed me out about it. Oh well	5
I am so upset for you and your family. She knew what she was doing, which makes this even more horrifying.	4
Can't believe people like this actually exist.	5
He was transgender or wanted to be as well. Super rare case in a few ways.	3
Shut yer mouth libtard and get yer MAGA on! /s	0
Good job!	3
This is a weird thing to be concerned about.	1
I wouldn't count out Scotland in the quarters. They're playing well and have given the US headaches in the past.	3
Didn’t intend for it to be, just having a bit of fun because the dog was ironically let loose.	3
I mean, yes. But in terms of real dollars, they will still pay a lot more taxes than before.	3
Had surgery at 3mnths old to fill a pinhole in my back (spinabifida) Cutting myself after some severe postpartum depression	4
> its exactly the opposite of what I do to get a girl in the mood This is super creepy	0
Yeah she really didn’t. It’s prob for the best even though it’s tough right now. Thank you	3
>he's also super handsome *( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)*	3
I wish to be apart of them one day	3
She just missed her shot at a champagne douche.	4
Good. Now all that is required is that people don’t show up.	3
Yeah, that’s what I meant. My bad.	3
Life will always get better regardless of ones situation or condition or whatever, life will indeed get better. It might take a while but it will.	3
At what point in your life did you realize you weren’t into it? (I’m also not into it)	5
damn, i always get in on these too late	4
okay I just checked and OMG IT's SO TRUE (mostly) I really am a [NAME] <3	5
I'm NoT LiKe ThOsE oThEr DeSiS.	0
[NAME] and [NAME] are the only reason to tune in at this point. Happy birthday!	3
he wanted to piss off his neighbor next door that yells at people fir walking in his grass.	0
Ya, he’s a lot better. If someone maxes dlo that will be the new [NAME] contract.	3
i would not vote for him	0
Thanks a lot. That will give me some things to google.	3
That...felt good...can I cry on your shoulder?	4
That fact that sub has so many subscribers hahahahaha	3
What was it?	5
you can't damage anything other than on foot players right now, no turrets, no vehicles, no objectives, it has been bugged since the december update	0
I assume so, in some form. I also hope they show us more up close of their big city as barely shown in some episode I forget.	3
If I told you, that would defeat the purpose of censoring. Let's just say it's clearly libellous.	0
Lmao. Dude, I was thinking the exact same thing.	3
I think it’s a physical comfort preference having to do with the cut/shape, rather than an aesthetic preference.	3
uh, i don't see the correlation between tons of rape and murders in Georgia and the rich needing to be taxed more, but i do agree.	3
Thank you so much! ♥️	3
This is the most early 2000s thing ever. I love it.	3
The third was fun with the [NAME] & [NAME] banter, but my vote still goes to S1 for being mostly faithful.	3
Just got back from Orlando to Chicago yesterday. I have a good feeling about this one!	3
I'm tall but no one is attracted to me, because I'm ugly, I have a big nose and ears.	4
I love the idea of a farm school. I'd totally do that if I could.	3
I don't think my town has a market.	0
Thanks haha. I really do feel sorry for my friend here... At least the group he accidentally asked is pretty much all furries	3
She's hot.	3
[NAME] so good. What a gem.	3
Ugh I have to hope the god damn Leafs win tonight, what a world it is we're living in.	3
That depends. Do you have 4 legs?	5
Lol not your picture mate	3
Ditto. I never pay attention to who’s posting comments I disagree with. What difference does it make?	0
You need to tell the poor girl it was you not her lol	3
She’s a good person who stands up for people not like her, and they can’t stand that.	3
You crush them up	0
This has been well used. Thank you for your service Sir.	3
Peace be with you	3
"Claims to be ""against sexist [NAME] bros"" Hires a sexual abuser as her top advisor"	0
[NAME], like people making minimum wage are worried about 10% off at their Walmart.	3
Have fun with that nos canister!❤️	3
And they could have kids... yeah sorry. I’m dumb	4
*hugs my teddy bear and starts crying*	3
I am impressed with how fast he located the position of the camera, that takes real skill inside Amway..	3
r/choosingbeggars boy is it frustrating yet hilarious	3
Blizzard was working with Activision long before Hots. I'm afraid its too late now, to divorce.	2
Thanks. I unlocked them 5 min ago. Just placed them in front of driving tanks and killed some infantry with the MG‘s.	3
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂you win the internet today 😅😅😅😅😅😂😂😂😂😂😂	3
And how did that turn out for [NAME]?	5
Yeah I was more poking fun of the fact he won the NHL leadership award last year.	3
you are delucional.	0
yeah, [NAME] is who i was talking about :( love her but soon as she starts talking about baby stuff, i'm out	3
I Like [NAME]	3
Is your friend a carny? It’s okay if they are in just curious?	5
A reason to play the game every 3 month?	5
Awesome. Glad to hear it	3
[NAME] I wish that was me	3
I walked 500 miles and then I walked 500 more, you can’t relate to my pain 😤	4
Wow calm down	5
Who else thought [NAME] looked stunning last night	5
I'm afraid I'm gonna have to go with what he said about an hour ago. Unicorns. He just ruled out any sort of	2
So pure I'm smiling :)	3
Im surprised those ebrats who tried to steal your step daughter's board didn't complain to the mom about it.	5
Wonder what the sub’s average age is.	5
Shocked we didn't take him back and plunk him in the minors.	5
You're right my bad, I am just trying to find out what it is.	5
Ah thanks 👍🏻	3
"Update: All is well with the old man. Thanks for letting me vent in a ""creative way."""	3
Just happened to me lol	3
[NAME] is getting very unhinged I almost feel bad for him at this point	4
I mean I like the park and I was surprised by that poll too	5
It’s really sad to see	4
Funny.. I mean real funny looking.	3
"Translation: ""I have no argument so here's a rude comment""."	0
Oh my [NAME]...	5
Well I wish we could all get along too.	3
It’s crazy that people know this and yet rake [NAME] over the coals for not wanting to talk to [NAME].	0
This is in vaucluse ?	5
Right. I am more focused on the length of the relationship vs their age.	3
"""This is good. What is it?"" ""Es carne de burro."" ""Heh, my name's [NAME]."""	3
Cannot confirm i don’t see any dictatorship yet	5
I'm so afraid to weigh myself. I'm gonna have to do it soon though 😭	2
I hope you like it-	3
Hey, we all love South Park friend.	3
Wasn't there some sort of human Cylon orgy in The Plan or am I misremembering? Because I have bad memories of [NAME] and sexytimes.	5
I’m as terrified of Mr. [NAME] just as much as any sane person but I don’t think we should *burn* him...	2
Well now I am super pumped! [NAME] I hope AA doesn’t disappoint us	3
What’s a matter? I thought you liked faces.	5
It's just sad; she was just nice and normal before she messed with her looks	4
And the purse tacos!! Need that midday snack!	3
I feel a little sad for her. That she thinks the only options or something to do is having kids. Fuck her tho.	4
Sounds good to me.	3
BITCOIN SEND MONEY INSTANTLY (waits 6 months to get money and still praises site)	0
I'd like to see it set during the [NAME] conquest of China, That'd be cool	3
accept no substitutes	3
What a goal	3
No worries. I'll look into this for sure.	3
So good.	3
Looks really good! TY! Will watch it tonight	3
OK, thanks I'm gonna delete it and post it in another sub reddit.	3
They shout it near the end. Listen for WAAAAAAALLLLLL	3
Happy New Year.	3
I would cheer hard for a Cyborg win in that tourney.	3
I am not at all familiar with the gibbed audio extractor but I'd have to imagine those lines are in the Citadel DLC files.	5
I wonder if NBCSN allows for the crowd to take more of the sound space	5
I find this super relateable, I had no idea others felt the same way.	3
They made the same few songs over and over again. Problem is I love those songs so I'm not too bothered. Personally love them.	3
Thank you.	3
Nets well run? Should I being bring up the trade?	5
..how is he not? better == good	5
Leafs would have won this game if it wasn’t for that bullshit overturn.	4
My aim in battlefornt 2 is pretty good = navy seal, elite unit	3
The [NAME] trade to get [NAME] wasn't too shabby either.	5
The next year: Well, sequel time already, huh? Welcome back, I guess.	3
Just got home from work, do we really have 4 goals on 8 SOG?	5
Hah, much appreciated! :)	3
The sun will probably rise tomorrow.	3
Sucking [NAME] pecker! They're no respect for your dignity! Suck it!!!!	0
Not one bit surprising, yet also not really a men’s rights issue	5
Oh haha I didn't see that!	3
it's funny how conservatives always say that leftists get angry over everything when conservatives get angry over a starbucks cup or a brown man existing	0
Aaaand everybody got diarrhea. Thanks dummy	4
The parallel to the mistake you're making is so apparent I no longer believe you're discussing this in good faith.	0
I hope they meet someone who changed their name to Dad	3
Man a 29 year old broner can't beat a 40 year old pressure fighter, broner sucks	4
Burn through ALL THE DATA	0
Some, I assume, are good people.	3
YES! I LOVE Olaplex :)	3
I will. Thanks!	3
How can someone reply without contributing anything meaningful to the conversation.	5
Wait, did they get married at the detention center? Why is she exiting with a bouquet?	5
Welcome home, and welcome to the front lines!	3
Ironic. He could save others from death, but not himself.	4
Not out of a trash can though, surely? That'd be disgusting.	1
Thank you. I needed to hear this. Currently kinda spiraling pretty bad	3
Surely a ferry could be more cost effective and fun than that.	3
This comment killed me. RIP in pieces.	4
"I felt it once, then I quickly realised I was horribly mistaken when someone better came. There's no such a thing as ""the one"""	4
I thought I was the only knicks/browns fan on this sub! That's cool. But yeah I love hearing him and clyde do broadcasts	3
You’re right. With IDs coming temple desk workers will look an awful lot like TSA workers.	3
Gawd but [NAME] is a bitch.	0
I'll be honest - I just want new stories. Not prequels. Doing things in the past are just too limiting with storytelling.	3
The complexity of the killie boo boys is fascinating	3
This should help, especially 3.1: too: New Year and best of luck in reaching your goals!	3
Yeah I regret ever moving to Leduc. It's one of the most backwoods, proud-to-be-ignorant communities I've ever seen.	4
I’m guessing you don’t take bad news lightly. I’m sorry bud :/	4
> their personal choices and clothing are distinct from their legislation and policies. This has got to be a fucking joke. What universe do you live in?	3
That was fun	3
this is painful	4
Why not touch them? then don't shove people out of lifts. that's hardly civil. just WAIT and let people get off.	0
Doesn't look like any 12 year old I've ever seen.	5
She was! Her “Breathe” was phenomenal.	3
I've never seen a more adorable tumble	5
I'm am L O L ! Beautiful! Use that brain. It's a good one. ~toktomi~	3
For goodness sake give [NAME] a rest. After the last game he said he was so tired from running so much.	3
Thanks, I'll keep that in mind for sure. After I get my Cadians and Lizardmen finished up I'm gonna start looking into Bolt Action	3
What a great read, its interesting to look at things from that perspective.	3
She’s beautiful! 💙	3
That kid checking to see if he was still wearing a helmet made me laugh.	3
because it’s funny	3
It’s a joke...	3
Thank you, I'll try my best. At least i'm not binging while i'm here.	3
Out of curiosity, is this notion backed up by any evidence?	5
"There's a bit of room between ""not loving sub-zero temperatures"" and ""never going outside."""	0
It really do be like that	3
Suffer? I’d say that’s an interesting word to use. Hopefully they are replaced by automation.	3
It look like so much then I realized that I don’t leave my house	5
Trier [NAME] chemistry looking nice	3
Just looked them and and found the perfect one for him thanks!	3
I love this and him. What a good dude.	3
This is the greatest analogy	3
Bahaha I wish! I copied and pasted it off the internet but yeah that’s some serious research	3
Oh what a day! What a lovely day!	3
I think it looks great	3
I love you, 125.	3
cool vid! but	3
That's some bitchy whore	0
I just don’t like him 😂	0
U get an updoot from one sad person to another	4
I like watching old shows and movies and seeing old brands and how the logos and stuff changed.	3
Gives me physical pain thanks	3
Don't the [NAME] generally accept inerrancy? It was the universal position of the Church Fathers.	3
Soon: Mass death of pink-skinned Aussies.	1
Unfortunately, on the stupid official Reddit mobile app it doesn’t work. I miss my Android and Reddit Is Fun app	0
It gives me a weird feeling as someone not named [NAME]. It's a very heeby jeeby inducing phrase.	2
2.5%? That not so great for [NAME].	4
Last 30 seconds where [NAME] and [NAME] were silent to listen to the crowd gave me chills. Such a fun game and team! Aho is my dad	3
Sadly, it was not	4
Celtic das really are a different breed. If this is how they react to one loss, our next title is going to be fun.	3
As a PPD mommy myself, you're my [NAME]! Thanks for this... Thank you for reminding me how amazing us mommies truly are!!	3
Lmao all these othr trades happened so I think it's a silly marketing ploy.	3
Yea I guess I did. I forget how popular the bulls brand is overall. I just hate when people call others dumb because they talk/tweet in slang.	1
Actually that's the wrong guy. The guy you're thinking of is in prison now facing life. This guy sucks just as bad though..	0
Haha the death and suffering here! Haha he had kids! Haha he was a philanthropist! Haha you might be a sociopath.	3
I’m anti theist. That’s as supportive as I could have gotten. Haha	3
What did the dyslexic atheist insomniac do last night? He stayed up all night wondering if there was a dog	5
Weird. It always makes me horny.	5
They as in men lol	3
Wow, I read that years ago, but I didn't realize it was about Narcs.	5
Get him back -- as in figure out what went wrong and see what you can do	3
Thanks! I ordered some and let them know I'm traveling so I think I'm pretty set	3
You stole an Instagram meme? For shame	4
No I didn't take it that way. My apologies if my comment appeared to be taking a shot at you.	4
Theesomes won't make someone monogamous more open to solo stuff.	0
Honest to [NAME] make it stop, it's old news at this point omg.	0
I am sorry but you have to accept your reality. Thare ain’t nobody here who can help you on this problem. Just call 병무청 ASAP	4
I wish people like this would die in massive flaming wrecks	3
Makes me want to go shit on the doorstep of 540 Hampshire Street (Good2go HQ)	1
We don't do that here	0
I bow to the mighty OP, this is perfect	3
I was expecting “little boys pants would always be ‘half off’!” But that would be in r/unclejokes	3
Tailoring is a god send and honestly not all that expensive, typically.	3
Wait so the aboleth only kills you if you dont do what the dm says	0
100% feel for you. I may be exaggerating slightly but still it’s all these little disadvantages that we get put at because of this ping.	3
Disturbing =/= awful. Its incredibly well done by a professional. I feel like this sub is more for unintentional awfulness, not purposeful shock value/ theatrical makeup.	1
Oh my god, I'm so glad this wasn't just me. I thought my YouTube was broken!	3
Fuuuck, brutal	0
Lol. It's funny cause people might do it.	3
That's all good, thanks for commenting.	3
my favourite kind of cookies.	3
ahah I hadn't even thought of it until the scenario I mentioned above, so dont feel too bad.	4
(apparenlty) a lawyer sending incriminating text message to a paralegal. this has to be really bad lawyer...	1
Pro? Everyone does is and that makes it even more rude.	0
You consider 15-17 year olds people too!?! Thanks, i suppose!	3
They're all bad enough to be lumped in to the same category? You either have very high standards, or none at all.	1
Ignorance is bliss	3
Chuckle worthy. It's funny. There's at least structure to set up the punchline.	3
Good sense of humor!	3
You have terms where the other person can't hang out with someone of the opposite sex? How is it gaslighting?	5
Wow, I just googled it and holy shizz that's an insane difference.	3
good luck!!	3
Well fuck. Just glad to get the point outta that	3
I hate watching [NAME] play I can tell before he steps over half when he’s gunna shoot or pass. His BB IQ is atrocious	0
Hope for the best but still work as hard as we can.	3
Last time I tried to post, my post was deleted because I didn't have enough karma, wasn't even that long ago...	4
Guys. I think OP blew burns in college and wants to feel better about it.	0
Neon carrot is amazing and great for your body.	3
They will never find your body... MORE beautiful than all of your loving friends you wonderful person!	3
I would like to say that I see plenty of people in their young adult life that are still incapable of living on their own.. lol	3
Aw poor kid. At least he has a bomb-ass name. Too bad he probably doesn't remember it anymore.	4
Just said so casually...lol!	3
Laughed my balls off	3
Lol, thank you for my first upvote and for contacting the mods.	3
I killed you in VR once. I loved it.	3
Get the app - has your combat record and recent match stats..don’t understand the problem.	5
Somebody should make this a smaller video to share it around, this poor kid is going through a lot.	4
My favourite book, the writing is beautiful. Very much a precursor to 1984.	3
> I don’t understand the boot-licking mentality Calling it in 5 years. That's your future AP.	5
Meanwhile Monokuma: Everything is free if you just become the blackened and get away with it	3
Ahh didn’t know that. Thanks!	3
This is so good!!	3
Lol!!	3
It was a few years ago now, I’m afraid I don’t have it or I would.	2
I'm disappointed in you too.	4
She doesnt mind! I'm her favorite person!	3
I prefer boyfriend over partner any day lol	3
Ok 🤷‍♀️ I believe in you, you can do it.	3
i do not like the dollar store [NAME].	0
Hot dang, this almost makes me want to go to the dentist.	3
Well that's an awful superpower to have. Maybe you could fix [NAME] tho.	0
Great, now I look dumber than I normally am	3
Then he should have had his head up. This is hockey, not figure skating. Great hit! I miss that kind of contact in the game.	3
no do not destroy [NAME] pope and glorius god emperor will cry :((((	4
They were really supportive!	3
I feel so stupid. I’ve never made the connection between [NAME] refusing to play for SD and [NAME]	0
Starting field position does not affect dvoa	3
Which totally makes it less funny for a person like me who has never seen this before, and laughed.	3
Sharing with 3 other people was the worst part of hospital for me, fine in the daytime but at night I was barely able to sleep.	0
One of my favourite [NAME] moments	3
thanks for sharing.	3
love u too	3
“Touch me again and I’ll kill you.” I’m low key blown away that The Last Boy Scout even *made* it to Australia.	0
“Bahahaha” Isn’t that a quote from the Raving Rabbids?	3
ehhhh I don't think so. iirc [NAME] was responsible for that Russian embargo and he's the reason why AKs are so expensive now.	0
Well I just love it when my Squad Leader puts the order on the Opponent's starting flag for the whole round while we lose everything else.	3
A hug? Lol, shugos new hugs look alot more fluid and faster. Get ready to eat more	3
I'm glad none of you are GM	3
**Lost** children. Issues we face today are likely fabricated from the bottom up.	4
I was trying to think of a better player to pick on..... couldn't lol	3
1 5v5 goal in 2 months is not good anyway you spin it. But pleasure being downvoted by you, enjoy believing in WAR	0
If that's true OP, you've lived quite a sheltered existence.	5
His video is definitely against the rules.. He literally asks people to spam oh yeah yeah everywhere	0
Please go to youtube and leave a comment and share :) Happy new year!!!	3
[NAME] isn’t a rocket scientist. I was surprised about the Thailand thing tbh I did expect it to be true haha.	5
Lol i highly doubt it. A third grader did that photoshop job	3
She is smiling in the picture and, to add insult to injury, seems pregnant in the video....	3
Yay! Mine’s Cymbalta and Lamictal with a dash of Ativan lol	3
Not all men harass women, but enough of them are that all women have *been* harassed by men.	3
PUT THEIR BLINDFOLDS BACK ON!!!	0
This does not sound like a good situation for a child at all imo.	0
This thing happened a couple years back, still haven't gotten back into the working world. Though, I appreciate the support.	3
Had to ask a co-worker from Beijing, she confirmed.	3
I guess. I'm going to try getting in better shape, and just socialize more.	3
Yeah, at this point I just keep of off anything remotely related to what Im playing/reading, its just too easy with the internet these days too be spoiled	5
This must be what blasphemy laws felt like in the Middle Ages.	5
I appreciate it!	3
A little weird but I guess it's wholesome.	3
Of course. Just know that I know that you know you're a liar.	0
That was informative. Thank you.	3
[NAME] playing sloppy	0
That's really good!	3
Calm down. What the hell. I just tryed to tell you that there MEIGHT be a different side to that story.	0
Report her to the police. Physical threats are a no-no.	2
Honestly scared to see what happens	2
Lol. Ill try but its just not fun anymore. Haven't dashed in 2 weeks. Busy day job now so no extra time for shenanigans	3
I guess I am totally alone but I am really enjoying the audiobook and haven’t had a single complaint. I’m half way through now	3
lmao it's true. I'm cracking up about it.	3
U guys are super cute together.	3
I believe furloughed feds still have health insurance benefits so you're not wrong on that PSA.	3
My grandmother-in-law does this. I’m sorry to anyone in the Va Beach area.	4
I love the north east. Can’t say much for the rest though	3
Outstandingly well done.	3
Then we shall duel for it. *Good Fight!*	3
I’m just in awe because this will actually get so many people up in arms.	3
She looks so corrupt... Same with [NAME]	0
That poor snek :’(	4
If they had tried to free their friends first, their bomb would have been confiscated so I say they made the right choice.	3
Hey, that's awesome. I'll be sure to think of some questions for you in the future.	3
Will do! Thanks!	3
I love how there isn't a single legit trade in this thread	3
It’s [NAME]?!	5
Thanks! I was actually considering that myself, but I'm scared that I'll just start rambling about it	3
I hate the argument too. It betrays and exposes the violent, primitive ape amygdala response that is most Human social interaction.	0
I'm scared because we don't really have any isolation scorers right now.	2
Wow excellent shot	3
Ah. Okay. Good luck with work tomorrow.	3
Yes it would be a poorly thought out plan... involving alcohol... never heard of one of those.	0
I like the hints of purple	3
Her eyes are so dark u can barly see it lol someone should have told her that	3
Vincentown diner on 206. A lot of farm to table stuff, desserts are excellent, everything I’ve had has been delicious.	3
I used to fantasize about my morning oatmeal. One packet of instant oatmeal. [NAME] dreamed about it.	3
exactly how i feel about it too. the guy is just a jerk, and can't be bothered to care unless it benefits him. selfish little prick	0
"Not one single figure anywhere to be seen. Reminds me of auld Soviet propaganda. ""The harvest is up"" ""People happier than ever"""	3
Is it that common? Here on the tube on London there is barely room to breathe let alone spin so I guess we avoid this kind of crap	5
I'm from the UK, I thought you must have been joking. Queen were the height of cool at several points in their career.	5
You guys are heartless, smfh.	0
I don't remember accurately but something in the lines of >and slightly leaning back so as to not be able to reach the remote	5
Isn't this from [NAME]?	5
Haha gutted.	3
It was a bad one, and you should feel bad.	1
love love love this. so happy for the both of you.	3
It is designed that way, but curiously, some of the color options are not worn	5
I love our cheese curds both fresh and deep fried. So good. And now I'm hungry.	3
Love frank and moody together	3
I know this is late, but I can’t believe I missed this. Love it.	3
I had that moment of “wait, am I the narcissist” too! Thankfully, like you said, time & distance cleared that up.	3
Boooo!!	0
Keeping [NAME] was a great decision. What are you even talking about!?	3
As a [NAME] this makes me proud.	3
Lmao this dude sitting in an Iowa thread throwing shade on New Years Day with nothing better to do.	3
So PST it is. Glad we agree.	3
"I was going to say ""too lazy to go down to the basement to do it"" but then I realized this isn't the north."	5
Same cfn as reddit tag? I'm curious to see this.	5
Any proof for your statement regarding [NAME] being a PKK cadre?	5
It's the physical pain, mostly, I think. Maybe with cbd stuff getting big and easy to get now it'll taper down?	5
this is my new favourite thread	3
Is the fruit named after the colour, though, or is the colour named after the fruit?	5
this off season is dark and full of terrors	2
I would love you forever! Or dare I say, love you long time!	3
I can hardly hear you over those goal posts moving! Ahhhh the facts! They hurt! They hurt so bad mama!	4
Ooooh wow. 😆	5
The comments in there are so nonchalant I can’t help but laugh	3
INTJ here, I agree with this ^^^ (Him)	3
It'd be easier not to do it at all. I don't think it's meant to be easy.	5
Praise [NAME] your taste is bad /s	1
I want to give you reddit gold but I’m poor and bad at money spending so have my love instead	3
[NAME] i feel personally attacked	4
Ok man. Glad yo know you are aware of all financial situations.	3
I'd be shocked if he knew much of anything about the EU.	5
People are legitimately monsters.	0
i would just like you to know that even though that dipshit didnt read what you wrote, i did, and i appreciate it. very good post.	3
You mean Ichigo/Nero/Black Ranger/I'm a Frog. Did not know that [NAME] voiced [NAME], but it does exsplain why he sounded so familiar.	5
Poor crack baby 😥	4
Not this time	0
Don't like having different stripe profiles on the shoulders to the front of the shirt. One or the other.	0
I bet your all of the rage at parties	3
Cheers to a better 2019 for our boys!! Can’t be much worse then 2018	3
I'm not surprised at all considering, you know, buzzfeed	5
Well, if 10% of active gun owners each convert 4 people, we win :-).	3
Sorry I am foreign, and might have come across wrong. Anyways it has to happen at some stage?	4
This looks like don't hug me I'm scared	2
It’s $7 is what it is. Which thrills me	3
Adulterers are not known to be kind and rationale during a divorce. OP should protect herself.	3
Ice at the office sounds like such a luxury to me! I wish!	3
I also love the first sentence (but in a more pro-science way than was probably intended)	3
Okay. I’m not a [NAME], but I love block games? Idk	3
Good luck!	3
Hope you’re ok mate!	3
I like [NAME], just thought there was significant savings there, and maybe sign [NAME] for cheaper...idk	3
I find this extremely hard to believe. Living abroad is hard, and most people can hardly fathom leaving the USA, let alone living outside it.	5
Haha! I realized that after your comment. Definitely not trying to walk in Loubs with a peg leg LOL	3
I appreciate that you care about me. I've been thinking about you as well.	3
I love how [NAME] delivers the Italian lines.	3
Happy New Year to all my fellow Asuka mains and all you dirty bastards who show no hespect. Cheers!	3
So obvious you got downvoted 40 times, ok!	3
Me thinks this crosses the line of dignity. Makes me sad. It’s one thing to expose things but another to mock it.	4
Glad to hear. Thanks for the support.	3
Ah I see, thanks for the insight	3
Great night in the Midwest 200 in three hours. I hope all my fellow uber drivers did good. Happy new year I wish you the best in2019.	3
That's the worst urinal ever.	1
I don’t CARE!	0
YeH, I’m trying to inquire about this.	5
I'm after interesting things to read (like science, tech, psychology and etc.). So what's my place?	5
Lol no.	0
Hope [NAME] is ok to play but if he needs to rest that hand then that's what he should do...	3
He's mainly on Twitch now. Before I unfollowed him some time ago he did some YT content from time to time.	5
I didn’t like him before this, now I really don’t like him.	0
I don't know where exactly but these pictures are really good. Keep it up!	3
this is proper funny actually	3
Totally agree. Their Rogue One commentary track is the only one I've never replayed, simply because he makes the same damn joke throughout the whole thing.	3
Have you ever tried to give her lessons in cooking? It could be fun and a bonding for you both.	5
Hey friendo nothing down here but there are ALL SORTS of interesting smells!	3
Thank you [NAME]. Best of luck. I'll always remember your goal to clinch MLS Cup 2017.	3
Looks nice but will wait for a PVE dedicated map as that’s more my jam.	3
I've never seen anyone do it successfully on a car, but I'll concede that it could definitely be possible.	3
I gotta try that with my posse next time I’m on. That’s hilarious	3
did he give up out of embarrassment having knocked back chicago for us and then not getting to join us.	5
He looks like the demon all the other demons beat up for lunch money	3
The most sense the internet has produced in a long time. [NAME] bless this dude.	3
Resisting not being under arrest? What?	5
Wow! I didn't even know there was a handball world championship.	5
Reality is often disappointing	4
I played on the Wii and used Windows XP computers up until 2011 lol. The feeling of the 90’s died in 2001 but the pop-culture remained.	3
I thought that I was lagging. yeah, its really bad.	5
Please keep going, this is just making you look worse	3
Now go to a return? Oh ok, thanks for the store to find something better.	3
How many of each have been killed or injured?	5
By that logic its seedy and insincere for google to act like they care about Homealone.	4
Damn! Kids these days don’t give me much hope for the future. It’s supposed to be a flaming dr pepper 🤦🏻‍♀️	0
Wow. That scene would’ve made knocked up much better.	3
You are a true hero	3
I'm not going out of my way to watch it but I might channel flip	0
Close the door, you're letting the heat out!	0
Happy Anniversary!	3
Seems like you took a hard side in the previous 3 comments. Hypocrite much?	5
"But terrible people is my ""type"""	2
I liked the comeback tho	3
Did anyone else notice [NAME]' face twitching a little?	5
OH MY [NAME]	5
I LOVE BASKETBALL	3
"I read it as baby sitter and for really confused at the ""she decided she wanted to walk"" part"	5
> So having sex is a medical condition? no but std's are	5
I do have EAP and was lucky enough to get 10 sessions using it. I’ll chat with my boss tomorrow about taking time off. Thank you!	3
They’re words and they’re hilarious	3
Who is your least hated and absolute worst? (Outfit based only)	1
[NAME] isn't really that bad, he's also a cheaper option who [NAME] trusts.	3
While out at the beach for a weekend for her birthday. There was no final straw, I just wanted to.	4
Ikr. Spend your time doing better things like reading [NAME] fanfics ❤️	3
Proud of you!	3
Thanks! I’ll be sure to do that!	3
[NAME] IS SO OLD HIS FAVORITE ROUTES ARE TO THE CVS AND CRACKER BARREL.	0
It developed because of my childhood and robbed me of a good bit of good stuff as an adult.	4
I also have a boner!	3
This is irrelevant to what we were talking about.	0
Our knight in shining armor. I'll miss those high socks	4
Thank you so much, I’ll be following this and try to consult my parents Incase I am unsure of what else he may say.	3
I thought it was illegal to practice ninjutsu	5
thank [NAME]. maybe we will finally get to have some proof of life for [NAME] and get some answers about [NAME].	3
Fuck it, it's time we spend not adding to the debt	0
One good thing about vaping When it hits you, you feel no pain.	3
Ope, got a lil chuckle outta me there, sorry	4
It's no coincidence that I became generally happier when I realized that once I covered the necessities more stuff didn't bring more happiness.	3
I agree with everything you said, except the Witten part he is [NAME] awful....that whole MNF crew makes it unwatchable.	3
Love me some Black and Tans, also love Snake Bites as well.	3
Haha mines an old 2.5L 2002 non turbo. But I love it.	3
She actually survived the incident, I don’t know if anyone has the article	5
That’s a pretty great play mate. I applaud you.	3
Yeah no...I would find it very demeaning	0
Thanks for the reply! May I ask what part of the world you're from?	3
It definitely revealed how ugly the hatred on the Left has gotten.	0
Interesting, I know another millionaire who takes to Twitter and rambles in an attempt to distract people from negative news about him...	3
I'm giving you an upvote for that perfect comeback, but I'm not happy about it!	4
She is looking like [NAME] to me in this pic.	3
This is so creepy. Good riddance to awful rubbish.	1
It's absolutely 100% abuse, as others have said you need to get the hell away from him.	0
Every government in the world charges these fees. Welcome to the real world.	5
As opposed to becoming a U.S. citizen the illegal way?	5
FUCK TAMPA. FUCK TORONTO. WE WINNING THE MOTHERFUCKING CUP	3
Great way to be late on 80% of your orders. I mean I didn't say it was impossible, but you put rating at risk	3
Yeah wat a fucking knob right? Fucking nick...	0
Lol I know right?	3
Thx! Happy New Year!	3
<3 [NAME]. You were too good for this world.	3
SHIT. I just gave my son some Skittles. Lemme edit that right quick LOL	0
came here to say this. i've watched it through more than five times at this point. one of my absolute favorites.	3
I’m just glad to finally see something truly cringy in a while	4
I totally agree with you. Porn is unnatural and creates honorless cuckolds.	3
Please don't come back.	0
I like to support anybody who supports veganism, especially at places like this, to show them their is a demand, and a future for it	3
I honestly wouldve thought the same if i hadnt seen it here before either. Is all good brother. Happy hunting!	3
Is this a real thing!?! (I am clearly very sheltered)	5
We have had luck with a ok to wake clock for quiet time! May be worth a shot.	3
No way!? Ugh this just sounds painful	0
I'm 27 and still look 15. When does this change?	5
I don't blame you. It was a long post. Thanks for your time.	3
You dont need elected officials to have power when you have the people on your side.	0
I hope it goes just as well. Good luck.	3
Might is generous lol. He totally killed that guy.	3
You want me to go searching around for that? I'm good. I'll just assume you're wrong because of the way you type.	5
I would love to see your evidence for any of this above and below stuff. Go ahead, I'll just wait right here....	3
Like a turd in a big toilet	0
Yes it does count	3
That was quick lol. I like what I see so far too but come on	3
He is holding you hostage. Sad state of affairs.	4
I appreciate the advice! This is something I’ve been trying to figure out, like I said.	3
While we appreciate trying to help with the report function, next time either block them after or ignore them instead of getting into a fight. Thanks.	3
My pleasure ☺️ hope you enjoy! She seems very sweet.	3
My mistake lol	3
Everybody is just temporarily embarassed millionaires	4
Nah they'll make their own post that's really passive aggressive about SOME people not understanding [insert fatlogic excuse here]	0
And unfortunately videos like this act as a constant reminder that most people are complete dumbasses. Sad really.	4
Yes, they suck for making a profit off of people who are proven to be high risk. How dare they!	0
Very good fight. The red head above the M is hot and very distracting.	3
No they shouldn't. Mental illness is a serious thing and we shouldn't encourage crazy people but instead help them	0
Because it contains the nudity of a child, and that is a federal crime?	5
I can't tell if you're being sarcastic or not. Either way. Lol	3
When did we get rid of uprights? He was amazing for us?	5
I love you.	3
Oh! Thank you!	3
Yeah I hope he can play against IU that’d be a huge loss	4
> if nine out of ten girls were going to reject me, I would approach twenty. That sounds like a threesome	3
A radical departure from the lunacy we have now? Yes.	3
I'm 27 and I want to live in a society that shuts down at 8pm!	3
How did you get access to PCTC?	5
don't you hate it when that dogs are doing drugs behind your house?	0
I discovered this show on the cnn docuseries about the nineties. What a terrible idea for a show 😂😂	2
What a steal that was	3
Okay this is racist fear mongering. I got it now thanks.	3
>!why you bully me :,0 i didn't even know what a mantis was before this conversation!<	5
What a poor woman who only wanted to tell someone what to do.	4
I love this pic... believe me I am up for some reason my hands on you.	3
Does taking a small jab at [NAME] shrek 2 mean something has to be wrong with me? What a fragile world you must live in...	5
"[NAME], I've told you already. ""Muy gorda chica"" does not mean ""very pretty girl"" "	0
[NAME] fucking christ. When [NAME] came into the league he was pretty much as skinny as [NAME] is now. And look at the dude now.	5
"The fact that ""TrueChristian"" and ""TrueChristianity"" are so [RELIGION] is extremely telling. The faith is dishearteningly fractured..."	4
That's awful. If I were a celebrity, I would probably do the same.	1
Well, I probably would have been against the Cespedes signing if we had to sign him for 7 years. But that goes more for a pitcher.	0
Happy birthday!	3
Surprisingly all of my family keep their toasters on the work top despite being [RELIGION]/Unionist ?	5
This guy gets it...	3
I absolutely love it that EVERYONE is scoring... please keep this up for the rest of the season.	3
I’m not going to live in the middle of nowhere. I like Chicago.	0
Know when to shut up, you have to. Needs to learn she does. Nice job.	3
We're like bad luck lightning rods. Everybody around us is safe	4
The best feeling ever was when class was over and it never got to your turn, so you didnt have to present until the next day	3
Yikes on the sauce!!	5
yesterday was a fucking travesty to the game of basketball	0
Huh, I wonder why the NFL doesn't have the umpire line up there anymore?	5
Thank [NAME].	3
I completely agree with mondawggg. Playing the petty way instead of discussing the issue with him directly is so much more productive....wait	3
That’s a new level of blonde I never knew existed!	5
I honestly do not know. Chastise them for their hardness of heart and presumptiveness I suppose. I guess that is what [NAME] would do.	0
Oh hahaha, is it a reputable vendor?	3
That Man has one of the coolest tattoos on his knee I've ever seen.	3
Looks just like the snow we've been getting in Halifax recently! (Canada)	3
Do you want to be promoted to Secreatary of State for the US?	5
And this young man wishes to be an athlete. That sort of strenuous activity would not be possible.	0
In the cap era no goalie has played as much as [NAME] has the last 2 years on a per games basis	3
I was very tunnel visioned at first haha didn’t even notice the arm	3
I had 175/1 back in March. About to go to Vegas again and it will be disappointing to only get 12/1 this time.	4
look at more of [NAME] work, he really makes the picture come to life.	3
That.. would be glorious. A large one of these would be the NZ equivalent of Giga Pudding.	3
That's interesting! Here I am having been saying I grew up near the original all my life. I will correct my story.	3
We had a baby, it's hard to find the time to take them down.	4
I stopped watching after I had to suffer through a whole episode without [NAME] removing his shirt	3
People like you are why I follow this sub. Keep it up I need more laughs like that!	3
This kid now: fun yay hahoo This kid as a grownup: I regret everything	4
Was it? Honestly I didnt get it, even asked some other people and they didnt get. I guess color me ignorant. Care to explain?	5
The World Between Worlds veered worryingly close to this territory. Luckily it was handled well.	3
From barrel to a tank! Great job! :)	3
[NAME] is my daddddyyy!!!! And I can’t be on this planet without her/him!!!!!	3
Its one thing to LOSE a debate, its another to be disqualified for wrong think.	0
I've seen muuuuuch weirder. But that was confusing as hell. LOL!	3
the lack of respect for [NAME], [NAME] and the rest of the [NAME] in here is incredible	3
luckily i do not have mixxed cycles myself... rapid cycling, sure, not mixed episodes though. sending hope your way!!	3
I feel like it's a one big woosh	3
My heart is breaking for you OP... good luck on your job search though!!	3
Don’t blame [NAME] there tf is he supposed to do if our wing can’t stay in front of their man	0
Nah, I know why I am depressed, and I'm sorry to say it has nothing to do with you.	4
I kind of want to try that now actually. With some chocolate added I think it could work.	3
It’s an imperfect poll demographic group skewing erroneously towards a “No”. [NAME] was incredible this week.	0
I wonder how many didn't get the joke	5
I won't stop crying 😭	4
MOTHERFUCKING FLYING MONKEYS, AHHHHHHHHGHGHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!	0
Yeah I doubt the woman would post about it whilst still in his bed. She'd wait until she was dumped then complain about it at least.	5
I'm sorry you had a bad experience, that's horrible. But that number saved one of my friends lives. Different for everyone	2
She’s my favorite too. She is indeed hella cute.	3
Makes sense, thanks!	3
Reality is often disappointing	4
Wait so his eyes don't work? Then how does he put his penis in your vagina?	5
Pls shut up	0
Yeah but you’ve already told one side that you’re playing both sides	0
His last post to T_D was to try and rile people up to get [NAME]	0
Who said anyone was white or black? Forget it, trumpie. You clowns don’t care about the truth.	0
They'd probably just use it to buy up armies and navies for tyrants who oppress and reign with blood and horror or some shit.	0
I thought it was something about the dog not smelling your drugs, but now i'm just sad that you didn't get to pet it :(	4
It was stupidmancostume	0
I am so happy that sub exists	3
"More like ""thank you sir may I have another"""	3
Keep dreaming. He isn't coming to this black hole of an organization.	0
I feel sorry for her son that must have been super cringe	4
Just stop.	0
I love it here too.	3
I like this man.	3
because your brain will associate the drip taste with the high after a few times, i love the drip	3
[NAME]. Please, [NAME].	3
Oh sorry. Instead of “willfully stupid “ I meant, why do you hate America?	4
Thankfully. We have highly responsible gun owners and our gun control is fairly effective. We have way less violence and people generally can still enjoy them.	3
I hate these cakes so much.	1
I'm thankful every day I was in school before the Internet, smart phones and social media.	3
I wish my phone was that accurate. It warns me I'm at 14%, then 10 minutes later it drops to 0% and shuts off.	3
I’m happy I could help. Let me know if it works	3
"Oh like ""both of."" Gotcha. Good times"	3
This is on a video about electric guitars what the fuck?	0
Cool story bro	3
Thank you for giving my Zumba songs some context	3
Good catch. I guess I was just remembering the shift after the first debate. That's pretty sad, tbh.	4
I was flabbergasted when I saw it.	5
Which sex communicates better? Typically women. Don't judge this guy like your girlfriends. he sounds pretty normal to me.	3
A drummer's MC is the best MC	3
That's why imo [NAME] death is better.	4
You know, I didn’t have an anxiety attack all day. Thanks for ensuring it happened.	0
Sure, but it's been all over the news recently with the [NAME] doc that just came out. I've seen tons of posts here on reddit.	3
If your partner is so consumed by his addiction that he chose it over you, you know what to do.	3
Our mod is an awesome mod	3
You’re right but territories haven’t been around for decades	3
Was referring to their government, should have specified that better.	5
"*concussion* *Trophy system kills it* *Another concussion* *Trophy system kills it* ""Yo guys watch me throw this cluster"" Honestly embarrassing "	4
You got whooshed fair and square. Take your medicine.	3
This is maybe the lamest way you can say that.	0
dont get down on yourself, early NC is very daunting. good luck! (im 11 years NC from nmom....life is good!)	3
And isolated rooms? When I had to go in with my baby with chickenpox they put us in a room where no one else was.	5
If she canf even protect herself what the fuck is she doing in a business that protects others.	0
The most hatful crowd is not the lefties. Lefties may be annoying but hate as such is a tool used by the right much more skillfully and forcefully.	0
Lol shit yeah.	3
I suppose I failed to lay the sarcasm on thick enough, should have gone with the full billion dollar contract... Oh well, live and learn! lol	3
both are bad tho anarchy ftw	0
"Hopefully he gets what he is looking for. Not sure why some people are getting pissy over this. ""How dare he look out for himself, REEEEEE!"" "	3
Yeah i also like [NAME] now but that gives me a horrible idea. What if we think the same about fortnite later	5
I’m definitely leaving him. I have a 0 tolerance for cheating and won’t be staying for it to happen again	0
I think theres a line between edgy and racist that this meme clearly crosses. [NAME] is still funny, this is just racist.	3
Oh god I thought he career was long over	4
not surprised it’s too challenging for you to read	3
Me too. One of my favorite potential Dem candidates	3
"""Someone else must start this however... but I will sure join in the violent fight that will ensue... I promise!"""	3
one quick glance at your comment history negates any value in this comment	0
I'm so sorry for your loss. One of my favourite unisex names is [NAME].	4
That does suck. I’m sorry. Having recently been ghosted by someone who I thought was a very close friend, it’s a terrible feeling	2
Thank you.	3
my gawd! This is adorable!	3
I went to the pharmacy to get vaccinated (sign said for free) and they turned me down for not having health insurance... so	4
I'm always happy to have you in my box.	3
It *feels* unethical?	1
I don't need a pogram. The best targ killers are other targs	0
edit: black gays and trans in the ball scene started it, much like a lot of our gay slang	3
Hard to follow after reading his post history. Says he is divorced...	4
Lets just say its probably cheaper to just hope a more positive outlook reflects on your out-look.	3
Oh my [NAME].	5
I failed with my play on words. Oh well, can't win them all	4
Comedown is only a tenth of addiction. Addiction is when you find a high that you love more than yourself. Be careful.	3
Thanks I will try to delete the multiples. Good luck on everything.	3
For her? Nah	0
[NAME] keeps getting set to get a rebound [NAME]	3
Sadly I think this is true & maybe this is the incentive adults need to get into action	4
Thanks for the clarification :)	3
Yeah I wish they hadn't opened the entire game with the ol' [NAME].	3
I’ve seen it too. I think it was an honest mixing of the words.	3
Doesn't matter what we do. The announcers will trash the Wolves and praise the Lakers. I miss [NAME] and [NAME].	4
I was surprised too	5
Ive always wanted someone to tell me how beautiful my protein powder looks.	3
I swear to [NAME], these offseason dream/hypothetical lineups get me rock solid every single time. I love it	3
Yeah lazily typing a naughty word to some retard on the internet is a real indicator of being angry rofl	3
Not even polite if they're driving. The road rage here is terrifying.	2
Naw dude, other sports never have ankle injuries so they are fine.	3
I'm glad to see when people succeed! I'm very happy for ya and life is going uphill which is always a great sign	3
i am shocked... SHOCKED I TELL YOU!	5
Ayyy exactly!	3
Her accent!! I died.	4
I mean, this very post is climate change denial related, which has zero to do with the second amendment, so I don't get your point	0
Well then his whole argument is a straw man itself, because nobody advocates abortions of fully formed babies	0
thank you for your answer	3
i hate furries	0
#Fuck the cowgirls & iggles	0
They wont investigate cause the damage isn't worth $1000+	0
"i guess there is nothing wrong if i say ""May [NAME] grant you love, guidance and happiness"" And yes, that was directed towards you"	3
Quitting porn only helped with my performance in bed, other than that I’m still anxious as hell in social spots	2
That's no excuse.	0
Well all I can say is I'm sorry and May [NAME] open your heart one day.	4
I LOVE THIS TEAM	3
[NAME] “ I’m afraid if I don’t have money she’ll leave me”. Yuh, you’re exactly right [NAME].	2
I was honestly shocked when they denied an overpayment, especially since after the charges cleared it would have been a $0 balance.	5
Good to see [NAME] getting some love.	3
You're clearly reporting all of my comments, and then acting like you don't know why they could get deleted haha, that's hilarious.	3
I can finally block Post Mallone and all that repetitive weird rap that ppl play on my Spotify during parties.	3
I don't think eating 4chan pizza is a good idea. Unless you're into some weird shit.	1
While I have no experience in dating/relationships, I have been through unrequited love. So I learnt that the hard way	5
So happy I bought a PC. If you’re looking for a better experience across ALL games I suggest you do the same.	3
I fucking cant stop laughing. It's so bad it's good.	3
Does anyone know if there's a place I can donate to help her two little kids?	5
Society sucks. I don't even consider myself a part of society.	0
Oooh dont call the bad guys for help when your life is at risk okay.	3
We stick out in a crowd. You can run with it or hide from it. I love embracing it!	3
cool story bro	3
I feel like it took for fucking ever actually. Still too fast, but anything would be	0
what lmao get a grip dude	3
That was the one I was thinking of! I can't remember which episode it was on now, but it fantastic	3
this is why I have backups off site that they’ll never find...try as they will they will never disarm me	3
Wow... drug smugglers will always find a way I guess. I bet that took a ton of work	5
Oh man. You're the cutest.	3
Hoping to make it to Seattle soon. I’ll make sure to reach out.	3
we are scared on /r/bengals rn	2
Eat better.	3
Don't apologize it has nothing to do with you, everyone here understands that.	3
It’s 5:11am over here. Good luck dude.	3
Me too! I don't believe in likes or karma points, but I know other people care and it might be the highlight of their day.	0
I feel like I’ve seen these before... but when I was very little	5
Anyone else see her 10 year challenge post today or yesterday. I'm so shocked she wouldn't pick this picture.	5
How much? Out of curiosity’s sake	5
What about the small percentage that would?	5
Something my mom always told me is to say what you’re going to use a gift for in your thank you note.	3
I wish. It's been over 72 hours for me now, nothing. Less than .5 ETH, BCH and BSV - hasn't moved.	3
We’re playing well, except for a 2 minute stretch. As is tradition	3
Compelling argument, in line with expectation	0
If you keep grinding you could become rookie of the year 2020 imo	3
“I don’t care if you are 11 or 12 years old.” Lol what?	3
cheers for the replies guys. appreciated	3
Dude want's to help his mother... cool I do the same, my mom lives in my basement. But he is doing it with my money!	0
He has the maturity of a 2 year old and you are right...ugly in his soul.	1
May [NAME] SWT bless you, protect you, guide you, and keep you active in this faith. Welcome to al [RELIGION] =)	3
happens all the time (at least to me) when you have a bad ping (80+), games broken lol	3
That dog was so happy I thought he was gonna start flying like tails the fox in sonic	3
This is absolutely the stupidest mock I've seen this year	3
Hope you're doing okay!	3
Thanks bot!	3
Okay... am I the only one curious how in the hell a fourth grader managed to get expelled?	5
>it tasted horrible to use. Eating some of that right now. No regrets.	1
at least it rhymes,i'll give you that	3
It was SO refreshing to see. [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] were all so well coordinated. Hype	3
seems odd, when you guys consume much more pizza, I would say overall than us	4
I mean yeah that's really it. Getting him on tape saying racist stuff is the only possibility of a sale.	3
So much fake news.	0
That's a great trailer. [NAME] needs more scars though.	3
The only sub that’s really bad now is the GKS the others are fine actually.	0
Our ancestors took this land at great loss and developed into something greater than they were capable of being. Their descendants have the rightful claim to the land.	3
Ditto this. Happy hour after work is nice and low-commitment.	3
A hell of a player when he was at Grimsby. Hope he can pick up some minutes and goals again.	3
Depends on the drug. Weed makes me antisocial and when I'm in public, I feel paranoid and I feel like everyone knows I'm high.	2
True but I think we should be able to strike a deal for less than 50-60m which is worth it in today's market imo	3
oh right that was a huge leap my bad	4
I let my cat lick the leftover milk out of the bowl after I eat cereal, he loves it.	3
Doesn't mean any of those thing you liked are going to change. Not immediately anyways.	3
I accept your failure and wish you a good day.	3
You need help.	3
Seconded. I had the December one well into January and finally just changed to the Sabres logo. Still cool and all, but the schedules were awesome.	3
Finally! Now I see what I was doing wrong. PB, thank you!	3
Just like demar used to do lol	3
Still depressed but I didn't run away so it cool	4
Sounds hella aggressive. You can say the same thing while being nicer about it.	0
You are an amazingly strong person!	3
In my school we have specific councilors for the students matched alphabetically. Mine just sucks.	3
Ironically, everyone else (except a v small%) are thinking the same, try keeping this in mind next time.. enjoy your day	3
im still starving	4
Oh boy, yeah.	3
Oh no.	5
BTW your story really gave me comfort, Thank you.	3
[NAME] a good guy who hosts leagues full of people who want to have fun. Check it out!	3
Weirdly I never heard of this show till I saw it on the RTE player this morning, and now this post... Maybe its a sign?	5
It's shameful how this sub sold out to Big Broccoli (TM).	4
I’m sorry and I hope you are better now than when you were in the marriage.	3
These subtitles are stupid & unnecessary.	0
Yes, this. I love this film.	3
And I like the taste	3
Perfect place to get flame grilled by the church then. Bring it on!	3
Got any good examples you care to post?	5
What age are you? I didn't realise you were a child until now.	5
Maybe they are just horrible people, and because you aren't like them they don't like you.	0
Hypothetical: If you were a GOP senator, who would you want to lead the caucus after [NAME] steps down or is defeated?	5
[NAME] voice was great!! Especially in Night Prowler	3
I haven't seen such an unpopular hire since [NAME].	0
Why did you post my autobiography	0
Thanks for the advice!	3
Man, these fourth quarters, the Nets are on some [NAME] shit. It just seems mental now	0
That poor janitor.	4
Wasn’t this guy floated around as a long shot OC candidate earlier in the offseason?	5
Personally, I assume that those who claim NOT to be deprived in this way are just adept liars. That's how deprived I am.	4
I like Kyber	3
The few people that survive jumping from bridges say, almost invariably, that they regretted jumping the second they entered free fall.	4
Can these guys just pick a team in the AL and go there??	5
I hope [NAME] does some more music soon	3
You have another new follower 😊 love your work!	3
I don't mind helping people but often the problems seem so petty and small and the solution is so simple.	3
Haha be careful how you bring this up to him, maybe say you read his note, or he might think you’re out to get him	3
Some of my best rolls were with 50mg. Less is more!	3
Ye I never understood why they didn’t put that into the game	5
Name one thing this person in power has said or done that’s racist. This should be fun..	3
No that's stupid	0
I just roam around without a hat. is that so hard?	5
So upset by the email lady after all these years. Get help.	4
Puny god! Love it	3
Wow. Good thing [NAME] are known for having ample savings since our country treats the average worker so well.	3
Take each penny and give it a good look... to sneeze and lost the count. Again.	3
Surprised he didn’t get hit with a random drug test	5
they're a bit expensive anyways	4
I needed this in my life	3
"Yea, so you need to leave him. Clearly not great in the ""protect your loved ones"" situation. "	0
Don't worry, all these people will get the rope once I've established my new world order	3
She deserves to know.	3
He's a hypocrite like everyone else in his family and party.	0
I want to SO bad	3
What's the Pi IPcam you set up? Link? Sounds interesting.	3
She's a piece of work. I'm glad you're reporting your account issues.	3
The stress that effects you stresses the baby before it’s born. It effects the bond you have and even your milk supply if you breastfeed.	3
Ah yes. Recursion. The backbone of Marxist theory. Glad you brought it up, chap	3
I understand it but I hate it and I personally believe it promotes toxicity	0
Don't you understand, the people affected are [shuffles deck] able to get a 0% loan until the shutdown is over.	0
You're championing the removal of some threads while complaining about the removal of threads...	0
You seem very angry. Maybe you should.... go jerk off.	5
Presidents using these robots will loose all legetimacy. They will become dictators. People should invest in good cameras to document the events and share it everywhere.	0
They‘re not together? Looks like I have some serious scrolling to catch up on!!	5
WUTS THE ISSUE SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON?	5
That troll and his Kotaku cronies have no shame. None at all.	0
Lollll the mental gymnastics required not to be embarrassed by admitting you have to buy someone elses hair.... To put on your heads lol like what hhaaha	3
thanks for clarifying, you put me into cardiac arrest for a moment	3
I fucking love New Years day with the Hawks playing in the Winter Classic	3
That's pretty much ALL complaining...	0
Absolutely ripping for that show. Really excited to see what they play!	3
Lol oooops!	3
Definitely surprised we took out [NAME] there. We needed to finish the quarter strong and it went straight to shit when he left.	5
Wow no wonder everyone is driving mopeds around. That's all there's room for.	5
I’m finding lots of tribes here, thankfully. Between [NAME] and a narc mom & sister, I am extra screwed.	3
Remember to tuck and roll!	3
This is absolutely beautiful.	3
Oh good grief! Put it away, [NAME].	4
Lol if he wouldnt have 3 straight bad games it still would not be even close to LOCK	3
Bad angle, but ya got good features and clear skin, pretty gud	3
Nobody here says 'excuse me' , it's 'sorry'	4
i just want emotional connection, im not missing out on anything as far as not having sex for sex's sake is concerned	3
Entire planet should be good	3
The amount of empty seats at the Orange Bowl was pretty bad	4
I will take it a as serious question. Sorry. I am in Europe	4
We were rumored to love [NAME] last year, so maybe we are interested in an athletic TE like that.	3
Thank you!	3
Speaking of not having a brain, that seems pretty ironic coming from someone with your attitude.	0
Iss all good now but thanks!	3
I have a good feeling about the ability to be a left handed gunslinger.. please Rockstar :(	3
Thanks man, it’s sucks that I’m paying to get left on read	3
Damn well I would love to eventually monetize, right now I’m drawing custom thot portraits on Fiverr but no bites yet lol	3
Vasectomies are fairly common. Especially in older men.	3
Damn this is experience talking.	4
It’s almost def happening and there nothing you can do about it lol	3
Oh trust me I'm aware haha.	3
[NAME] scoring when he wants. I'm loving his game. Unstoppable.	3
Technically isn't the Harry Potter Universe still being developed too? We are getting prequels that could very well more directly mention [NAME] being gay.	5
You're amazing. I'd buy it :)	3
[NAME] Falafel in Dearborn has some of the best around.	3
This has been my dream for years!!!	3
I’d love to see what a PhD in porn consists of! 😂🤣	3
i would file anyway and see if your claim will be accepted. file in arizona. good luck!	3
[NAME] just think of how overworked her liver and kidneys must be!!	5
Yes!!! You cannot expect her to be a good mother at 15.	3
Well being told from a young age that us chubby dudes are not allowed to get the girl ever. Thats is why im asking.	5
If at first you don’t succeed...welp, nevermind.	0
How insulting . . . to Beavis and Butthead	4
Thanks!	3
I have my hatchet's wear out fast cutting trees, and I miss throwing the axe on my back for better inventory... thanks for responses!	3
Sorry I failed to mention I'm relatively new to the scene . Last 2 years only	4
Same here. It’s very hard. I really feel for you.	4
I was thinking it’s sad that a team that hasn’t had a FRP for what seems like a decade has a better record than us.	4
books are good	3
To be fair, actresses who are famous enough to be stopped on the red carpet get that question at almost any formal event they go to.	3
Man it's so cringy. Can't I like Classic Rock AND hip-hop? smh btw he forgot the beatles, just sayin...	4
There you go. You contradict your original position with the [NAME] scenario. That’s a good start.	3
Beautiful, nice work	3
poor [NAME] is in jail now for assassination.	4
I have no idea what that even means nor why you're being such a massive prick	5
Hahah wow I've thought the same thing a million times.. Glad I'm recognizing what I've been doing for so long and trying to change now	3
Wow that was really bad. But thanks for trying?	3
[NAME] and I play with people with 400 plus spm and still play noobs please stop the excuses if you’re getting wrecked you just suck	0
thc concentrations in weed are irrelevant everyone just dabs now anyway	5
The ID cards wouldn't have been a problem if they were like the EU one. It was the fuckload of biometric data that was abhorrent.	0
"Yeah. ""HEY ARE YOU THE DUDE FROM THE SCAM WEBSITE?"" [NAME]"	3
American scouts are weird. I've had mixed groups since I was a teen, and I've never saw the need for different groups for each sex	0
groceries are getting crazy expensive	0
Don't attend. Don't engage. They want validation, don't give it to them.	0
I think it it would have been even worse if that was the case	1
I hate text speak . Do you really want to dumb down your argument more than you need to?	0
Nice glad to hear man!	3
#OMG TERRIFYING!!!!	2
Being a woman is not an excuse, you do not represent all women. Thank the lord.	0
I genuinely don't think he is. Those features with a friendly smile or a cheeky grin, backed up by a good personality could totally get it.	0
I'm mad at the process and happy with the results for Thrill tonight.	3
Not paranoid , just cautious I do the same thing buddy I'm not going to leave it up to chance	3
My parents are super progressive about who I date.	5
rule 0: dont submit a post if you can't be not stupid	0
This is great editing! I know this took a lot of work/time. Awesome job!	3
[NAME] thanks dude	3
I hope all my muscles cringe so spastically all my joints come loose and I collapse into a writhing agonized pile of blood and meat.	4
This was literally the first examole that came to mind for me hahaha	3
Really wish people would slow down with this one. I wanna repost it for EZ karma, but it's almost always in my homepage	3
Yes! Though I also do sofrus. Learning to write mezuzos and another megillah at the moment.	3
they place it neatly in the basket and the ball thanks them for their manners	3
Oooo too soon man	5
Follow your gut instinct. You will be ok. You are young and have a bright future.	3
You're so special and quirky :D	3
10/10 reading. I don't care if it happened this way or not. I was sufficiently entertained!	3
Love mine too. t-shirt	3
Happy New Year Everybody!	3
Best of luck with your new religion.	3
not really, no	0
right and hope you don't realize until too late that you're way better than me	3
Huh. Siege is still a thing. I miss the old days. :(	4
Not claming [NAME] would make [NAME] look more stupid lol. If someone claimed [NAME] we'd be over the moon about getting that contract off our team for next year.	3
This is so cool! I love the hat.	3
my favourite depictions of [NAME] and the gang are the ones where [NAME] is stoic and sassy and [NAME] and [NAME] are super emotional goofballs	3
Take a upvote I'm glad I made your experience great	3
This made my day lol	3
"What exactly does it mean to be a ""savior"" and why does humanity need one?"	5
I think they were hoping he would be the [NAME], that didn't happen.	4
Thank you. Take the upvote!	3
So what? I was being facetious. Though I will admit is a low hanging fruit and pretty cringy.	5
Thank you.	3
Ok what deal would you like to see made?	5
Haha I don't know where you are, but I feel you	3
Thanks [NAME]	3
That is awesome to know. I’m moving back to Chicago in August.	3
It's the great irony of The Resistance©. It's hard to be a rebel when most of the powerful institutions of the country are on your side	5
[NAME] sounds happy to be back! So glad we have the full crew today!!	3
Man. Just tuned in. Forgot it was an early game. Looks like it's been a positive game so far from pretty much everyone.	3
If you just slam on the brakes and accommodate these assholes they usually don't even realize they've done anything wrong	0
In that case, I’m appalled.	2
I would think terrible, awful things.	2
That's the funniest mental image I've had in a very long time!	3
This must have been the fastest reply I've ever gotten omg	5
It’s been over 20 years since I rode the 15. I’m still traumatized.	4
Feminism Is For Everybody and The Will To Change: Men, Masculinity and Love by bell hooks could be of interest to you both.	3
Made my day	3
This is fantastic	3
Stars don’t get chicks my dude. Good way to let everyone know you are a fucking goober	0
That’s a pretty cool TIL	3
i just giggled like a girl.	3
Some additional background the robo-voice on that video is horrible.	2
thanks for this	3
Hell yeah bois	3
I think that's a reference to how fucking mad watching [NAME] makes people feel. ie shit [NAME] is playing and now I have the furies!	0
Now everyone is going to know that you didn't waste your time scrolling through tumblr looking for funny blogs to screenshot!	3
So you are the only occupant in the dwelling that drives?	5
My oldest jersey is Gilmour, but I'd love to add a Sittler or Salming jersey to my collection.	3
Mom has a Buc-ees cup!!	3
Gone Girl 2 looks like it's gonna be great.	3
I feel you. It's weird that we don't see [NAME] or [NAME] in the promotional stuff though.	0
No problem. I'm happy to know it's not what you meant.	3
"They get pissy about ""automatic defenses"" for property. I mean, *REALLY* pissy."	4
I had no idea this was a thing gas pumps could do. I've only ever seen ones you have to physically hold. This is mind blowing!	3
I love this meme, killem with memes	3
The what now?	5
That's [NAME] btw in men in Black. He is also the actor who plays [NAME] in Netflix Daredevil. Such an amazing actor.	3
You have to sneak up on the flame by approaching slowly.	3
I love this. [NAME] bless [NAME].	3
Lol. Yes, the contractors know	3
Great game! Got more intense as it went on.	3
Wonderful, [NAME] can just go ahead and quit politics right now then. (ref)	3
Uh eat less than you burn per day. Eat a lot of protein.	3
I love you raccoon go blazers	3
Makes it even weirder that she now hates America	0
You must have depression and anxiety.	4
this is such a happy video	3
Funny thing is I come from New Zealand so the concept of health insurance and paying off maternity bills is foreign outer space Taliban talk to me.	3
The evergreen looks pretty great, no clue on the price unfortunately.	3
I don't know what the main broadcast is like, but the MNF crew is amazing.	3
This was actually good until the bird came in.	3
I would stay away from [NAME]. Apparently his injury got infected and will require more surgery/surgeries	2
I could go, but honestly, it is the worst place on earth. I have 0 desire to do it.	1
not since that 9-2 pounding we put on Minn i dont think so	0
How do I get one	5
Possibly cool idea not well thought out	3
I would meet up in a public place first. Invite her to a bar within walking distance of your place and assess. Safety first.	3
Considering that cheating is a mark of high-status, I'd be surprised if the wife dumped a cheating husband.	0
All I know is everyone is Tuscaloosa considers this season an abysmal failure.	3
I wish could do what you do. It has been my dream. Im jealous	3
Nah, I lied. I don't judge people's kinks and I like that [NAME] always moves me.	0
That sounds terrible.	2
His fingers have swelled with pride.	3
if they’re available for questioning then you’re a shitty kidnapper. -3/5 stars	0
really clever lol	3
That is definitely an unpopular opinion. Upvoted.	0
No income = no pension payments required. Health care, I think is mandatory, but I don’t know the enforcement scheme.	5
Hey if any are left, I'd like to happily donate!	3
why do they look like their all wearing gas masks	5
doesn’t help for me unfortunately. i think if anything when i’m on BC is when i experience these symptoms	0
Laws don’t apply when you’ve got money. Sad but true.	4
I'll pass.	3
Do people really have that big of a problem with border security? Lol fuckin children	3
I’m scared to fall asleep——-	2
nice one! but it‘s a much more underground one I think	3
This is kinda cute	3
Teach her the importance of standing up for herself and being a strong person	3
yeah. many people mentioned that. also Shield Brah questions beastmen racism .	3
Damn never heard of that, I stand corrected!	4
"I wish they can a option to change it back after the ""upgrade"" because it feels more like a downgrade"	3
Aww. That's cute. You're right back at square one.	3
Lmao that guy is awesome. You know he probably just found his new hobby.	3
Please stop using that term.	0
Just split for gods sake before kids are born.	0
Please don't.	0
I suppose all the other [NAME] dont count as competition	3
Finally gamers are being recognised as a valid gender by the State.	3
It's so simple. Problem solved.	3
Do you regularly go around calling people a know-it-all when they've generously provided you with specific information you've demanded?	5
That’d be lovely. Although now I have to root for AD to the Lakers which makes my chest hurt	3
Now this is some good fucking content	3
Yes it’s like passing around the donation plate in church.	3
I want [NAME] to come back and do [NAME]	3
Mine fell out of my turquoise juul and it didn’t make any difference other than the light being brighter lmao. It’ll be fine	3
Gorguis jumper looks so clean when he has a minute to line it up	3
Yo that guys hot what's his reddit	5
Gotcha! I don't know why I focused only on [NAME]. That's an interesting notion which I'll ponder on for a while :P	5
She doesn’t even like dog fetus, how picky of her	0
Wonder how many people are walking around with slimey noses trying to figure out if this does work.... Besides me that is	5
No we don't. A small amount is imported into Ontario. The rest of Canada is long or balanced.	0
It could have heat resistant padding on the other side. Honestly in the 1940s it's probably asbestos on the inside lol	3
My gym coach used to make a buch of two pack jokes. This was before [NAME] died so it was alot funnier	3
thanks a ton!	3
The best ad placement.	3
I think they are tied together. It is very difficult to maintain desire if you cannot accept things about that person.	4
It's beyond evil. It is pure demonic when it's that pure sadism and vile sick torture. I hate them guys.	0
We know Verb. Wait a minute, you’re not Verb!	5
>[NAME] Well he forgot to save me from the 'word of hella'.	4
I love it. She really snapped.	3
Pdx sliders. I never had stanich’s unfortunately but pdx sliders has some delicious greasy burgers.	3
I’d gladly	3
This is a great troll. I feel bad for anyone who thinks this is serious.	3
Much better 2nd quarter, keep it up guys.	3
I don't understand the infatuation with modern ones. Everything made before the Murciélago is where it's at.	5
Thank you sis!	3
I hate those days man... So triggering	0
Free fish...nice	3
Think you're pretty funny, don't you, freak?	3
Nailed it!!!	3
Pure unconsitional love can also be dangerous: if the other person turns out to be an abuser you should propably stop loving them	0
I mean [NAME] rookie of the year thing. Lol am dumbass Just a misunderstanding.	3
[NAME], just realized that.	5
Thanks for pointing out the only error I made. Out of everything there, that is what you chose to take issue with.	3
Well he is saying the right sort of things. I'm glad [NAME] won but I'd like to see [NAME] come back well.	3
Using high capital (money/picks) for 3 edge rushers would both be incredibly stupid *and* unjustifiable	0
i never really laughed at it, but its still one of my favorite movies. i view it more as a slice-of-life drama.	3
I love her face in the second one. Embrace your waiste!	3
Just so you know, I think the other responder is a nut & you were right the 1st time!	3
No, but she's lived in Chicago longer than I.	0
Nah let's not be those people.	0
I was trying to make a friend that was being a douche jealous by telling him I was having a 3 some. Accidentally messaged it to my father.	4
Wow, that really hurts coming from a demented troll sockpuppets brigading me on this sub	5
I really like your writing!	3
Funny when I hear people claim a breed is dangerous, I automatically assume they are trash.	3
People actually cancelled their subscriptions because they didn't endorse him. These same people call others 'snowflakes'. lol	3
Probably alive. At the end of the video we see him getting up and he doesn't have any visible injuries.	3
After reading this comment, I wholeheartedly hope the rest of your life is beyond wonderful. 🤣	3
I think we can all agree that [NAME] sucks	3
I wish I could say the same, I feel like something important would happen and I wouldn’t know	3
thanks... I've added both these to my growing animal multi-sub... =D	3
I just looked that up... Dear [NAME] why?	5
I like Nurse. He shows grit. This is the stuff [NAME] should be doing.	3
to be fair it wouldnt be bad living there since its normal to have giant shoes so its a win basically^^	3
100% this is enough to make me want to watch	3
Their behavior? Going to campuses to talk about fiscal responsibility and [RELIGION] values is something that is bad? You’re a bigot, just admit it.	0
Hopefully with in this day and age where there ar rapid technology improvements, this child will be able to live at least a semi normal life	3
Ah well, that'll do it. Thanks for the clarification. Should have been obvious really...	3
His left hand is mightily fucked.	4
I think they were always pretty but less visable pretty because being overweight can alter the face.	3
It’s broken garbage. The most broken unbalanced tekken game by so much it will make your eyes bleed and give you a brain tumor.	0
Feminist narrative... it's always the mans fault even when he's helping someone out, sleeping, and gets murdered.	0
"She always says the most basic things""wow he hit him"" and her lisp is pretty annoying."	0
Of course. And dont think for a second we dont know who this really is! [NAME]!	5
I’m fully onboard with you there, I was more commenting that to get the liberals in this sub thinking, since ACAB gets downvoted into oblivion	3
"New word for me: tetch·y /ˈteCHē/ adjective bad-tempered and irritable. ""she had always been tetchy and impatient with him"""	0
I love this because she doesn't even start out well and end poorly- it was bad the whole way through.	3
I remember the last protest we hid against these guys. Scum bags	5
I'm 21. I've entered adulthood and I even have to face negative comments from family members. Adulthood won't save me.	4
Someone else said that, I never examined it that closely because I was too busy having a good laugh lol.	3
Lindt don’t fuck about	0
Wonderful :D, she looks like [NAME] from Frozen, or [NAME] form Dota 2. Great job!	3
I think that's also what I'm saying so we're good.	3
So predictable. I bet the bomb is in the puck. Anyway, im exited for the [NAME] and the robot butler cameo.	3
Bloody Sundae ([NAME] x [NAME]).	0
I honestly can't remember how many things ended up in my hair for this very reason. Break out the peanut butter and conditioner, OP.	5
I cant stop seeing SS VS BM	3
"Haha ""like a snake on a toddler"". "	3
So you don’t agree with having success, self-worth and self-respect, and a purpose in life?	0
I would consider it a date! Plus dancing (ballroom) is intimate...hope you have fun and good luck!	3
Wet dreams don't count	0
[NAME] 12 min long? That other 1 min video spoiled me.	5
"Two supposedly separate accounts created a day apart both misspell ""faggot"" the same way. Same dude confirmed."	3
Interesting read. Thanks for sharing	3
I’m a crybaby now, but I’m so happy to see happiness	3
Welcome to the hype train. hahhaha	3
Sorry its such a long post guys	4
Ooooooooh. Yeah I did not get that. Makes sense, thanks	3
Wow did you really just scam me😔	5
Are you implying that I can not determine guilt by seeing a person's skin color and tense smile, you fucking racist?	0
Meth is a hell of a drug.	0
Ouch, my heart. I never even thought about this...	4
i wouldn't call that passive aggressive at this point, it's flat out aggressive and i love it.	3
Yeah I agree with you tbh. A rough patch of form from us and the 5 point lead could be gone fast	3
i am uncomfortable	0
Nah we love telling people to post hog, you're just making our day better.	0
All. I too, am drunk, and will be enjoying half price burgers at Whitlow's once my appetite kicks in.	3
This is simple but great.	3
Lol you're scared	3
I still hated the system though. I felt penalized for using anything that wasn't the power beam the entire game.	0
Thanks for pointing them out, it's hard to see through my tears 😢	3
Gonna use this on my kids tomorrow, thanks kindly	3
You have to be REALLY old to be too old to appreciate rap music. Rap music started in the 1970s.	3
Yeah thats gucci man. You wander off into needy territory if she says no and you pester and beg her.	3
If its our fault for stocking it in the wrong place, its our fault - within reason of course.	5
bahhhhh i didnt know this existed. i love/hate you. - [NAME]	5
Just hearing that thing's carapace sliding around and it's feet hitting the ground would make me vomit.	1
She's on quite the journey of discovery about herself atm. Excellent meme-terial.	3
Yeah, try to buy a relationship, good idea...	3
Cant wait to hear a hot take from the second dumbest people who ever loved ([NAME] ots the first if you are asking)	3
I've heard vegetarians talking about various sources of cholesterol, maybe try r/vegetarian and ask what meats they prefer?	3
The EU delusion:why a utopian project was always doomed to failure.	4
This. Making my animals happy is one of the only things that makes me happy.	3
Females would be pressured the other way obviously	0
Do I make you ornery, baby? Do I?! Ok.. Yeah, I probably do now..	3
You are oddly defensive about a random chef. Did you come to /r/wewantplates just to insult people and build up this chef? [NAME]	0
Even better, won't feel as bad eating the whole thing in one sitting then.	3
In the prequels the son couldn't save the mother. Maybe things will be different this time...	4
OK. How old was the father when you got pregnant?	5
The duck looks very dignified. Some might even say he looks presidential.	3
I might be interested, been playing 5e in a couple campaigns now, happy to talk further!	3
I did the poll slowly. Is that ok?	5
Thanks [NAME] but I don't think you understood the context of the phrase in my post and you should probably just fuck off.	3
Why the hell do we sit trae in crunch time we probably won't win. Give him the XP. Very frustrating.	0
Stay hydrated, move slowly and stay cool.	3
Even with their new location around the corner, they are still incredibly awful. By far the worst [NAME].	1
She looks like that in every photo	5
[NAME], [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] all at top tier make me happy	3
I have tried and succeeded. You’ve just had bad luck my friend.	0
I still love figment!	3
Ireland because Ireland. Not me but i did something pretty scary.	2
Educate yourself! Stay in your lane! (It all sounds so totalitarian if you look at it more closely.)	3
What did he say?	5
We need the pen kid to drop a beat to this.	3
How is this the epitome of slavery? Nobody is forcing you to do this. Stop being dramatic.	0
"yup I was like ""what, are porn mags scary now?"" and then it clicked"	5
> traffic through there in the summer is awful because that’s where everyone wants to be. your life starts to revolve around bridge time.	1
I don't understand why this is funny. All of it honestly. She os body shaming [NAME], why should we love that?	5
Oh that's cheating then lol	3
These look fantastic. Please go and work for the Suns, they need you more than they know.	3
Considering their plans, they won't have to spend too much time in order to consider it the rest of their life..	5
I agree, but with having [NAME] and [NAME] on, he was still our MOTM.	3
[NAME] just played her ass...hehehe	3
Crap. Well, it's still horribly high on Vancouver Island... Wonderful.	3
She doesn’t deserve the hate. That mug, ladies and gentlemen, is phenomenal	3
Better get a paternity test sorted for my munchkin of a partner and his equally munchkin daughter, he'll be thrilled.	3
that's some nice evidence you got there.	3
Thank you.	3
Juicing at 19 seems so extreme to me	3
Love evolves. Try and imagine life without her. I always see an abyss within me when I imagine that.	3
Everytime I confront her about she gets super pissed and things I’m “overreacting”.	0
"Yeah like ""oh yeah? No shit?"""	0
I guessed this	3
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.	0
Oh believe me, we’d love that too	3
LOVE JAMES TOO	3
The girl on the right got glass stuck in her leg poor girl	4
>so it doesn't seem like I'm a ~~whimp~~ wimp If someone actually says that to you, they're the wimp not you.	0
After a few loops of the fall is it just me that thinks he’s doing it on purpose?	5
I discussed this shop with my cop buddy, he also trusts it. Thanks!	3
Interesting that the starters are out there in a blowout on the first night of a back to back, [NAME] must be trying to send a message to them	3
Thank you. I’ll look into those books.	3
VR Mechwarrior would be awesome	3
Are you implying this is not CGI?	5
Glad you liked it!	3
[NAME] and [NAME] would be the prettiest duo of all time PAUSE	3
*Dread it, run from it* *[NAME] still arrives*	2
Arguably they do, otherwise they wouldn't be out protesting for support?	0
Thank you [NAME] for helping us keep our wisdom!	3
I like how the squirrel play dumb when the cat is watching it. And then Boom!	3
Dallas should feel absolutely horrible this is a 1 goal game given how patheticallly bad the Devils are tonight.	0
No there is, because as soon as it’s a human it is entitled certain unalienable rights.	3
Don't live near Chicago but still have my winner from the Dec 21 game. Hope I can still use it when I'm back on the 27th.	3
I like Kate spade	3
Ecosystem in a puddle, nice	3
The new live-action movie looks great!	3
Because [NAME] loves the American military more than any other one.	3
No it wouldn't you dumbass	0
This, great soundtrack to	3
Too late with having it back. I really did'nt have much back then. So I had a really hard time too.	4
Do I come across as thin-skinned? Hm, never noticed. Maybe it's an allergic reaction to dishonesty.	5
Wow you’re pathetic for calling out someone who did something right	0
Thankyou! Good luck with your search! An AP is out there for you!	3
HAHAHAHA... Damn it.... I knew that was coming. Alright, I will try to upload it into this thread on my lunch break.	3
Congrats to you	3
Then [NAME] took little Donnie Two Scoops out to get a happy meal because he's been such a good top businessman!	3
He got caught stealing luggage and got arrested for a felony. That’s the general story. What kinda emotion could I add?	5
For a sub about motivation y'all are a bitter bunch haha	3
It's the best, I haven't been so happy in a long time!	3
I don't know about you but parroting racist lies created specifically to devalue AM sexuality is a pretty serious indicator of racism to me.	0
Thank you so much. I will involve my landlord/Roomie	3
Lol, no one can say that because you don’t know who the fucking shooter is. What’s going through your head?!	3
Don't worry we'll just whip up a quick song!	3
Im gonna go on those subs, wish me luck	3
It is honestly just garbage, I'm surprised they're allowed to be ads	5
Damnit--good point.	3
Don't get the downvotes. I found it funny	3
I'm a fan from Oregon and listen to KFANN alot. If PA i sucks so much what do locals listen to?	5
That goat is a bro I'd prolly try to buy him for where ever he came from	3
Say what? I don't get the joke - is that the founder of the MLM? Are you talking sexually or financially *railed*?	5
Basically he is trying to start something based on a lie, not good. If I were you, I wouldn't see this person again.	0
This is very [serious], how dare you guys mock this [serious] science?!	0
Thank I may just try to find halal store and buy snacks that are popular . I heard even marshmallow may not comply.	3
Sounds pretty typical from Toyota really. Been hearing the same story from too many people. Sad really because they were always the best.	4
This pleases me.	3
Oh god, [NAME] is terrible. My kid loves it though, and Dr [NAME]	2
But really though, it really contextualizes how bad this coaching search has been that the Rams' QB coach is the only guy we can be optimistic about	0
Would you’ve still got with her if you’d known beforehand? No judgement, just curious.	5
When people don't understand things they invent gods. how little we have changed in all these years.	0
True but I am a fan of [NAME] and I'm just relieved he pulled through even if his victory did not make me any richer.	3
You should be much, much more worried about a rise in fascism than pedophilia. Thinking that pedophilia will be normal is just plain paranoid.	3
Those fries look delicious!!!	3
What an ass. I almost downvoted this out of anger.	0
I think it was a one time thing because they still go for a lot more. I got lucky.	3
NOLA is a terrible place to live, ran by democrats forever and this is the result.	0
I'm excited as a Lions fan.	3
Post them all! Love old pics.	3
I dont like my rights being restricted on the grounds of race. That is the issue.	0
As a teacher, I agree. Adding 'under [NAME]' just makes it feel all the more forced and disingenuous.	3
lol, yes. But last time I posted, a lot of people were complaining there was no audio. So I mentioned it in title.	3
I once had a guy yell something obscene from the window of his truck and throw a half full beer can at me too... good times	3
He’s been a duke homer since the 90s lol at this point In his career we know what we’re getting with [NAME]	3
Been spamming [NAME] in gold/plat elo, nashors into lich bane then hourglass is disgusting if you play it right.	1
This is great. Good Yard!	3
She just did a story about hitting 3k followers.. all thanks to HHH lol	3
You had good heals.	3
That's no coincidence, factorio was inspired by modded Minecraft and iirc the first public post about the project was on the industrial craft forum	3
I’d like to add that it’s British slang. We also use ‘kiddy fiddler’.	3
Nice job censoring u/alexneverafter right there	3
[NAME] is that you?	5
Happy B'day for Thursday!	3
Thank you, this is genuinely helpful.	3
I don't believe they distribute to Austin.	0
So many. [NAME], [NAME], [NAME], [NAME] (with her eyebrows), [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] are some of my favorites.	3
Can anyone link the article? I can't find it	5
Yeah, not the worst thing I've heard from him	5
I don't understand but I do	5
what i dont understand is WHY the media hasn't yet picked up this story?? Especially with [NAME] in the zeitgeist.	5
I think it can be good, bad, and everything in between. It's inevitable given the forward progress of civilization.	5
no, the epilogue has one ending.	0
Thanks for clearing that up for me, now I know that I do not need to rush a play-through of the game. :)	3
Yea its really dissapointing	4
Damn i am sad that got deleted	4
I'm still surprised this thing is only 2 Lanes in each direction	5
Anybody wanna go on a picnic with me? Alpaca lunch.	5
If the kid knew what she had on her mind, he's been corrupted way too young..	1
Fuck these calls	0
Oh great so now i need a tv license or to watch in potato. This is piss poor.	0
That's how I apologize to carists, too	4
A whale would probably choke to death if it tried to swallow you.	3
MDMA makes me happily social. I wish the researchers would get on that one.	3
> bacon You had my curiosity, but now you have my attention	5
I’m shocked at how big that defeat is.	5
Wait, WHAT?!?!	5
So nothing? His office is going to do nothing? Or will the location of the office be a fictional place?	5
So very sweet! Brotherly love	3
Oh wow, I feel bad for the parents, they had no idea	4
this is a fun and cute presentation etc WAAAAAAAH	3
I dont mind these people dying, what bothers me is that some random bystander could be smashed by this guy should he fall	4
Hows it smell down there 9 points below the wild card spot. Ya fuckin pine cone	0
I was looking forward to seeing the new predator, this (the concept, not the spoiler) would have made me dissapointed, yet intrigued	4
No offense but...she's not pretty either so I'm confused why she'd say that car is only for ugly women.	0
I never understood why the idea of always swinging pitches served to you on a plate seems radical.	5
And the human babies - don’t forget them! Totally wicked! Sad!	4
I'm not a pats fan but the ones that [NAME] and [NAME] post on their IGs are actually pretty cool	3
I dont watch battle rap. Do these guys come up with these on the spot, because that's amazing.	3
I didn't realize being in my late 20s qualified me as a senior citizen, where do I get my AARP card?	5
I’ve never heard of this before. That’s awful.	1
I like how adamant you are that you didnt woosh yourself	3
The one coach I didn't want to lose, but with a new offense coming in, not a move i'm entirely shocked by.	4
I wouldn’t be mad. We need someone who knows what the hell theyre doing	3
you're just pretending you dont know what this cartoon is about, it's utterly ridiculous.	3
Pig Latin kills me internally this is why plastic surgery exsists.	0
It never ends well	4
To bad trophy wife doesn't have 4th place.	0
Very sorry for your loss.	4
Agree!!	3
All of troomtroom videos on YouTube are this odd and unnecessary. Some even more so. And their thumbnails are interesting	5
im putting my faith in you son	3
I love almost everything Ethiopian but by [NAME] is Ethiopian music hard to listen to	3
I prefer men under 5’10 but I’ve never heard anyone piss and moan or call *that* discrimination.	0
That's the worst possible outcome	1
Fuck sake man	0
Also said he’s had a really good season lol	3
i hope kawhi doesnt step foot outside its cold af today	3
Screw them. We do what we have to do to get our kids to eat.	0
multicultural makeup'? There's the indigenous people, the [NAME], and the illegal settlers, don't make me laugh	3
Gonna try GW2, might try GW1 if I don't like it. Thanks!	3
Different color for different people, please and thank you.	3
FaceTime actually sounds like a brilliant solution. I don't know why I didn't think of that, but I'm glad you did!	3
Where did you get those tunnels? I love them and would like some myself!	3
Cute but I dont like where this is going	0
LPT for controversial thing use bing. They dont filter as muchas google.	0
We desperately need a veteran WR with so many rookies around. Like a [NAME] for [NAME] and company.	3
[NAME] saying she works all year. Most people work all year that’s normal!!!	3
And then in a weird twist her family tries him for murder. Haha!	1
Yeah, obviously. But that the joke relies on calling upon how outraged [NAME] was that he was penalised.	3
Thank you for your wisdom, [NAME]....	3
Wow,29 turnovers. Something to talk about	5
It would bother me so much to be so dependet from a Person. I am sure there is a way you can go without a person sponsoring You.	3
Thanks dude!	3
Yeah, I’m at the dh store. so it’s far but not that far. People really are horrible.	2
I'm glad he's still watching	3
Thanks!! :)	3
Fuck your opinion apparently	0
My name is [NAME] too. It's so strange hearing my favorite bravolebs say it on TV.	5
The absolute worst!	1
After 6 weeks, anything becomes a habit I hear.	5
> All the complexity was lost in Oblivion, and it was a huge disappointment. So you are agreeing with me?	5
It's crisp, no filler material. Interesting protagonists. Amazing music. Good way to spend 6 hours.	3
Annnnd that's too far. I think you should go home and rethink your life.	3
That [NAME] laugh gets me everytime. League pass commercial breaks are the best.	3
Drives me crazy.	3
"""You people""? I think [NAME] is a moron but I think the [NAME] hysteria is equally if not more so moronic."	0
<3 BTW it does sound like you're generally doing brilliantly, all things considered.	3
Oh, I saw it. I was giving him the benefit of the doubt to see if he wound up saying the quiet part out loud.	3
No but that doesn’t mean people were less happy in the past.	0
Could have been worse if a piece of metal exploded into him instead harmlessly on the beach	1
Did he died?	5
Sounds magical!	3
I was actually thinking naming it hardcore mode Would make it more enticing for people too. Funny you called it that.	3
Mental illness. Operation on 7 people in a manic state . Four of them died. All his money was gone and his rich friends abandoned him.	4
Worrying about [NAME] during a game is ridiculous. Especially when he's currently 6-11 from the field.	2
I hope you’re okay. I’m here to talk if you need someone	3
the girl looked the happiest out of all of them to get a puck, that man is amazing	3
>I’ve been forward in the past and it didn’t work at all lol. You're doing it wrong.	3
Errr, i didn't want to risk get in trouble with the discipline master, especially since we weren't on good terms at that point in time	0
One of the more disgusting virtue signals I've seen	1
I have not yet. But I have been advised to. Thank you!	3
Oh, it’s you again. Here:	5
You were really fortunate! See, that’s what I imagined would happen...	3
Lifesite “News” doxxed him. That website is just pure hatred distilled, it’s disgusting.	1
Oh, awesome!	3
now I kinda wish [NAME] wasn't an imaginary cartoon character because this would actually be fun.	3
I hate betting unders.	0
could you go a bit further on the unethical journalist practices that occurred?	5
He looks cute, but if you have drugs in your underwear, he will attac.	3
How could I not? These actors...I love them. Their faces give me joy, hope.	3
Edgy bro.	2
Of course it bothers you. She just admitted that something inconsequential to your relationship would be a dealbreaker.	4
Dude. Same. That would just be... Devastating.	4
Thanks, i will try to look into possible causes.	3
Pm me I'd love to buy it from you if you have any spare!	3
Haha look at that poor person slime, can’t even afford the wire hahaha	3
-20 here and I took the dog for a walk. He's lucky I love him.	3
You good.	3
Damn, she was gonna clobber that punk with the butt of that gun.	0
>![NAME]. Apologies to the Hiyoko Best Girl gang but I could never get myself to like her...!<	4
You sound like a creep dude	3
Not necessarily. Simply giving both of them the legal right to choose to *not* be a parent would create equality within the constraints of biology.	0
The shocking thing about this all is that she seems to be British born. I'd expect this from immigrants, not those born in the UK.	5
You weren’t here for the original wording but thanks for playing.	3
I enjoyed the 1:50 seconds of this person going about their day uneventfully	3
You sound upset. Maybe take a break, kiddo. Everyone knows [NAME] wouldn't answer the bell anyhow. Just proved it.	3
The way i eat fried rice that may be practical for me. Love me some fried rice.	3
I wish you luck anyway lmao, and don't think so down of yourself, i believe you'll do great	3
Fuck the people that couldn't make rent, pay bills or medical costs because of the shutdown, right?	0
I was kidding.	3
Right. You can fix ignorant. You can’t fix stupid.	3
Wow these are amazing	3
"""And, over here Sir we have the automatic folding model. It is quite remarkable."""	3
I think you're doing a great job modding <3 Can I have flair now?	3
Where is it	5
Not a problem! I feel for everyone of you ladies, and yall all my my sympathy and empathy.	3
great show.	3
C'mon [NAME]! If you get this done quickly, the sooner [NAME] can begin.	3
I'm elated to hear that 🤗	3
Fries with vinegar sound completely awfull	3
Might not have fallen if little miss [NAME] didn’t have to pull her skirt back.	4
I can't believe [NAME] is considered an mua and he can find match his foundation lmao	5
no its amazing.	5
My mother did this to me and it took years to get everything fixed. Almost cost me my job.	5
So edgy.	2
Thanks, I really appreciate your advice :)	3
I just mean symbolically it's weird to call your own flesh a 'blanket'.	1
Why would you give your credit info to a company who doesn’t do background checks???	5
Actually my biggest question is why people are working if they aren't getting paid	5
Peering into the void Out of the abyss Something stirs Terrible secrets _____ Hope is lost Once it wakes [NAME] is dead	4
Man I love reddit.	3
All the best!	3
Holy shit he hit him hard	0
Champaign’s a weird town in that aspect..	0
where’s that tashy bastard	0
Okay, two men's fault.	3
WHAT you guys get this show on Netflix? We certainly do not get it in Canada what is this bullshit	5
This!!!! Just. THISSSS.	0
I couldn’t imagine putting a brand new car on these roads, let alone a Tesla.	0
I dare each or any of you fuckasses to try and blame [NAME] for this one	0
I agree it’s disrespectful to so blatantly disregard her parents wishes but yes, otherwise too uptight.	3
ROFL! Just about! Didn’t know someone’s eyes could bug out of their head like that outside of cartoons. ;-)	3
I regret my psycho ex. Does that mean I was raped? Or do the rules not apply because I'm a man?	0
Surely anyone can submit an application for a writ of habeas corpus?	3
you deserve love too	3
Nah, some cake sniffers were enjoying the books way before.	3
Sounds like you got really lucky bro :). Did you ever see the guy again? If so, did he ever bully you again?	5
I don't think this is bad enough for the police chief to be embarrassed. (He should be, but he won't be)	0
Mate just go out and get yourself a steak dinner, you will enjoy it much more than Artifact.	3
I more than half expected there to be an AK in there. Still very much impressed.	3
Not super subtle with my water tool on top though. Thank god for my backyard!	3
Love him.	3
You two are perfect for one another.	3
Well this hurt tonight but it could have been worse. Plus the bears choked. LOL. Offset the hurt a bit.	3
Oh no, not what I meant at all! Sorry for the confusion :O	5
Whoa, my little brother had that toy! Awesome.	3
I would love it if they could, but I don't think his trade value is that high	3
Tell him he needs to go to rehab or he’ll be kicked out.	0
"I'd go with ""Thanks"" and leave it there or maybe ask what exactly they are praying for depending on what kinda relationship it is."	3
I’m thinking yes and this was done on purpose.	3
Everytime I see something in this sub that looks sharp, I get very worried.	2
I'm speechless.	5
Oh. That is unfortunate	4
We do? Strong disagree.	0
Be happy because I won't be short anymore one day	3
"not really. but those people that go out of their way to say stuff like ""have a blessed day"" or whatever kinda creep me out. "	0
I'm in. Hopefully I don't end up on the dumpster fire that is the Oilers	3
"I love how some people have the mindset ""children should be seen not heard, unless they something rediculously outlandish then they must have a supernatural connection."""	3
Ahh. I forgot that was a thing with large breeds.	5
😂 sometimes I love old people. Not always. But sometimes! I ant wait to be an old ass troll saying shit like this.	3
I did not notice. What's the point of dark blue lenses over cold, dead, black eyes?	5
This list is phenomenal and your username is witty! I’m saving this. Thank you for posting it!	3
It's the wisdom of the fool.	0
[NAME] and I, we're gonna have a hell of a time!	3
Long arm is an amazing ganking tool (one of the best) with many possible one-shot ganks.	3
Awesome! [NAME] is stilling kicking it through the uprights!	3
Improved by removing the third panel, improved by removing garfield. What can we remove that doesn't improve garfield?	3
How to pretend to be the woman who had her face ripped off by Travis the chimp	5
The thing is, they've whipped themselves into such a rabid frenzy, literally anything less than the apocalypse is going to be a bit underwhelming.	4
I’m glad you’re safe now and nothing bad happened!	3
okay, this is epic!	3
That’s actually a great idea if I ever have a kid that acts like I did!	3
I’m not sure what there is to disagree about. It was obviously a subjective claim.	5
It's an interesting case study in scams	3
Wow.... So many people here apparently don't know poly relationships exist.... Just say thanks. Why would it be weird?	3
> lots of ppl dont enjoy pvp I feel like these people are playing the wrong game genres lol.	0
"What do you want out of this situation? To be friends? Or are you still thinking that she is going to ""come around"""	5
And those are countries ruled according to [RELIGION] principles?	5
[NAME] is amazing...	3
The shading makes her face look like she has lumps under her skin.	5
You were inebriated and eating ratshit.	1
I’ve tried a few times on mobile and it never works for some reason. Edit: just logged on at work and fixed it. Feels good	3
>recommending Elite mode to first time players My stomach turns in disgust	1
Star Wars fans? Backlash? Nah.	0
[NAME] became president and yet you think [NAME] becoming president is farfetched? Lol	3
Wouldn't you think it's better to just show up earlier?	5
"""Lol, hold my craft beer."""	3
i assume there will be a ring involved in this movie like his other 2 most recent films?	5
I’m baked and the fact that you updated yourself is extremely satisfying to me so thanks for that.	3
Yo this is actually awesome storytelling and also if I were you I would have clocked [NAME] into next week. Just sayin.	3
no it doesn't, hmmmm I sent in an ask on the discord support page about finding people so lemme check that	0
He raped her. What is wrong with you? Go back to Incels.	5
So brave!	3
I dont believe you	0
They are so damn handsome!	3
What a nice sub	3
ranked is perfect and elo gap doesnt exist (fucking kill me)	4
I do. That thing about your mom is weird. Go get help.	3
How dare they ask me to be a good person! I'll show em!	0
Hi, [NAME]! I am stopping by to wish you the best day, and the best year! -HappyFriendlyBot	3
Let their deaths be swift	4
That looks disgusting.	1
You clearly know exactly what your talking about with your medical terminology...damn your intelligent. 🖕	3
Oh I hate him even more now.	0
"Is there such thing as ""only a cat""?"	5
I love your entire look, from your hair to your pout to the wallpaper (!)	3
Wow yeah similar to my story what a nightmare :(	5
I'm going to look so handsome for you, [NAME].	3
Oh ok. I was looking at the wrong subs then. Good to know.	5
This card has been awesome so far. Great debut for ESPN.	3
bruh is trash and has been for a long long time. y'all won. congrats. see you in Death Valley.	0
It's a superfund site with a couple of inches of topsoil on it. Have fun with your cancer dummies.	3
First I thought this was a repost then I realized you posted this five times straight...	5
Love this picture	3
I'm so stupid, I can do this. On accident. so not very well.	0
If that mask could talk it would beg someone to end it's suffering.	4
Tell him to breathe quietly during the show or else! Ha ha ha	3
Just look at Speedwagon. That man is... a beauty to say the least.	3
If you abuse a dog don’t be surprised when it bites you. Something something reap what you sow.	5
Well, he was until season 3, which was ironically when [NAME] made them take that test.	4
No biggie, dude, sorry I got all triggered, I just reeeally love [NAME]	3
Please tell me your shop didn't get you in trouble for that D:	0
Not just that. Falling oil prices really hit Iran very hard (and is about to hit Iraq's next year budget hard next year as well).	3
Id be pretty pissed if my prime didn't auto renew	0
"60 young men standing around... ""Look out that old native dude is coming right at us... DEFENSIVE POSITIONS SHIELDS UP!"""	2
in what world is that sentence anything other than transphobia lmfao	5
We’re gonna need a bigger boat.	3
Ssssssh, don't tell them. It's a natural way to filter the gene pool from stupid people.	3
I love a good leg pop	3
You people are awful. Those are *Haggisus Australis*. They're a protected species!	0
Nah, I'm good. But thanks.	3
A stork bite your baby?!?! *kidding*	3
Your both right and I'd rather have the drink than a rynair flight !	3
You don't get it man	0
Oh man, I forgot about that! Which episode was that from?	5
I love democracy	3
In foreign policy terms we're no better than Russia. We're guilty of everything they are.	4
Are you happy at your work?	5
Ok ill get right on that. I have all day to hunt. Thanks for the quick reply.	3
Oh man, I didn't know that. No wonder he has no care for it. Does he have any post secondary education?	5
U gotta work hard to get those virgins son.	3
"What a very ""centrist"" thing to say. "	5
for me it was def the egg yolk. i’m pouting as i reluctantly eat it.	4
I mean, none of us think it’s an insult. You don’t need to explain that.	0
Why not $1 million per hour muhahahah	5
I love this guy.	3
The housemate is a genius!	3
Yeah I'll probably do some baking with it! I might also like it better after a while, I was just very surprised today 😂	5
How can someone be so stupid, hope it hurt maybe learn not to do that again.	5
Hey, she's pretty hot	3
“Love” under threat of execution. Wow.	0
The Get Shorty show when he subs in for the guy at the table reading and destroys everybody with his skills is so good.	3
Yeh thanks man , been into meditation and mindfulness for a longtime , tho maybe not the most dedicated it def helps	3
She is still a billionaire. I guess stupid Tweets are going to bankrupt her?	5
Ohh it gets even more interesting:	3
I like this rule because in life there are always exceptions. The problem is when you start feeling entitled to *being* that exception.	3
Nothing wrong with that! Sounds awesome :)	3
I agree. The funny part *is* the funny part.	3
Who's the top three craft brewers in the area??	5
I have clinical depression so my mind pretty much has this outlook on any slight thing that doesn't go my way in life. Thanks for your comment.	3
i was leaving areal comments not pormotions but acctually i was leaving many	3
*I hate laughing!*	0
I reported you :-) Expect to find your comment deleted within a few hours :-)	3
Confound your toll Troll!	5
Hahaha well good! Let me know if you have any questions or anything	3
I’m currently putting a investigative task force together and I believe that I could be done assembling that team in as early as 400 years!	3
So having a baby you don’t want is [NAME] will, but having a baby you do want is going to put you in hell?	0
Does not look bad! Thnx!	3
Love taking my girl out for sush	3
I don't even care about the draft, I've tasted playoff hopes and I'm not going back.	3
SWTOR is horrible when you want to play together with someone. So many parts that you can't join in on.	0
Not any harder than in chicken wings, imho.	0
Remember when that one guy went on “Carpenter is awful” campaign? That meltdown was my favorite	3
This is straight up depressing	4
Thanks for all the down votes!	3
I like [NAME] but he's biased. If he's planning to becoming a real journalist he needs to leave his bias at home.	0
This really hurts my feelings.	4
[NAME] is also a Vikings fan. I'd love to have him on the longboat.	3
Well then you obviously have no fucking clue what equality means.	0
Well, she was completely and utterly heartbroken. By my stupidity. So there's that.	4
Haha .. In pakistan 47 is the normal temp during summer... Lol noob.. Gg ez	3
I lol'd bigly an atempted to reverse your downdoots	3
For most people after 4 to 5 hours it gets up to the full resolution	3
Thanks! I'm glad you got a kick out of it.	3
What do you call someone who graduates at the bottom of their PhD program? Doctor.	5
As if they're going to go through that much effort... they wont even walk up the stairs to get to the box	0
Your dog is soooo cute	3
Update: still alive, the paranoia is gone	3
And feminism, the movement that started with fighting for the right for women to vote hates elections.	5
Haha I hear ya man. Congrats! It's a real ride.	3
Outside of Belpedio we really don't have a lot of decent call ups on D. PS It's amazing how much [NAME] has improved this year.	3
And she jumped into sewage. Yeh, no.	0
Holy shit I didn’t realize he didn’t fumble all season that’s wild	5
I will GLADLY tell him to his face. And have.	3
This sounds like a great idea!	3
I went to McDonald’s and ate. I guess I also enjoy psychological manipulation	3
Oh. For real? I stand corrected then. I haven't encountered that before. 🤷🏻‍♀️	5
Oooh, hasn't seen that one. My favourite song is the first half of Miss Me.	3
Thank you. I really appreciate the help	3
Thank you for your advice! I really do appreciate it and will implement it as the kids get older.	3
I’d love it!!! Can you get it to Long Beach?	3
Woah! 4 new maps in a year! That’s so lucky!! Not like we got 10+ maps in 2017 for bf1..	3
Don't date broke/jobless women. I have a job and I always offer to pay the bill or split.	0
FIDLAR dropped their new album today (yesterday?). It is certainly...different. But I'm enjoying it all the same	3
Oh ok cool so I don't feel bad at all about it then.	3
I love that this Subreddit has so many good food suggestions! I'm kinda new to the area and still getting my bearings.	3
I haven’t seen a good repost in a while. Thank OP I’m mean karma whore	3
You can't just ignore [NAME]' cup wins though.	0
Wow another person in Dunedin uses Reddit	5
And then we wish for winter because it's so damn hot, thus the cycle continues.	3
Dude is hilarious	3
wow, there's no way [NAME] should 'er scored that	5
EXACTLY. gimme some muscly arms and a little bit of a belly. I'd take that over a rock hard body any day of the week.	3
Oh, wow, I didn't know my Dad had a Reddit account.	5
"""Wildlife Safari is excited to offer paintings made by the elephants living right here in Southern Oregon!"" "	3
That seems crazy that you can't hit higher frame rates. I can hit 80fps consistent with a 1080. Something weird is going on here.	4
I mean, it's aight	3
Fair. Actually fuck the last few songs on Bleach.	0
Same here. The ones who know me and my obsession always let me know and it makes me happy.	3
Have a lovely day.	3
I love how they cannibalize each other.	3
Thank you brother. I saw you once!	3
.. :< you're welcome ;;	3
Fun fact about this band is [NAME] the Black Keys and countless other stuff) has produced all of their albums.	3
It was such a strange error.	5
I wish I could :( tried	3
2. I hate to say it but it’s the same thing I do and I hate myself for it	4
Lawdaddy and dadturion the ultimate combo.	3
wow, here in Brazil people say the opposite of this phrase, also makes me mad	5
He doesn’t, he’s terrified, cries and hugs you. Basically one of the scariest scenes in TWD.	2
"I do enjoy how insignificant the belltower looks in its surroundings nowadays. Still a waste of money. Thanks [NAME] of ""Wes-tern Australia""."	3
More rudeness, misogyny and sexism from [NAME]. If it wasn't so predictable it would be upsetting. [NAME].	4
This hurts my brain	4
I love this, and #2	3
my little abomination	1
Captain you ARE wrong. You’re wrong nooption to argue. I have the final rule ! Nope not gonna listen.	0
The game will come out for the switch this year. Was wondering how they would manage the combat system. Now I know.	5
I'm a Broncos fan. I'll never, ever root for the Chargers, Chiefs or Raiders. Who the fuck would?	0
[NAME] is clueless please don't listen to him lol.	3
Cant wait for the [NAME] [NAME] vs [NAME]	3
This is legit. Nobody puts baby in a corner! (Or a box)	3
Yeah I love the shenanigans he gets up to. Shame he hasn't been able to get up to much recently though.	4
Loved that damn [NAME]	3
Not exactly a question but thanks for all you did on the Mets.	3
Thank you sm	3
That hop/shuffle is scary	2
nearly choked on my chicken breast	2
LOL I think I'm the opposite, once I rehearse in my head, I mess up completely; I'm way better at improvising.	3
Thanks, obviously I didn't put my best foot forward here, but we are chemistry sets that are designed for certain activities etc.	3
OK, I better understand the distinction you're making. Thanks.	3
Don't self-diagnose. Talk to a medical professional and check for known diseases that may cause depression (hashimoto's comes to mind).	3
Well now I think I was wrong	5
Don't be an asshole	0
Yeah I’ve been watching these videos and they are great. Really well done.	3
It's a shame they have [NAME] because a Vuc package would be ideal	0
Exactly. It was The fact that everything happened and ended so suddenly that left me speechless.	5
Ok but what if you hire him into a management position. He makes women feel uncomfortable and a discrimination suit waiting to happen.	1
Damn dude, nice delts	3
Not sure, what organization? How deep are you certified for? Most shops are PADI, but you can cross over easily.	5
Mmmm, I sure do love some Vaseline on a hot piece of toast in the morning.	3
Wtf is a weeb	0
Where are you getting that information from?	5
So for you, consent and coercion are not mutually exclusive, correct? Are they ever?	5
I love that you have such a great relationship with your brother. Your parents seem pretty great too; if a bit exasperated by you in particular : )	3
This is amazing haha. I think he’s got the type of personality to win too.	3
I had a friend from Palestine who became atheist. I don’t know how many atheists in Palestine there are but I wish there were more!!	3
bravo.. my friend.. bravo.. that was great!! I've never seen that before. That made my day.	3
I'm jealous. Wish I was in fl on my porch.	0
Oh I wouldn't be surprised my dad got away with some shocking things despite cps investigation but he was also white.	5
How did anyone not know what this movie was? WE HAVE OUR OWN RELIGION.	5
Millennials are from 1981-1995. 1983 falls in that range.	3
The saddest thing is you will never understand how absolutely idiotic what you just said is.	4
Only 27? Lol	3
Pretty normal! I have a friend who is exactly the same :)	5
Respect for the homepod I got two of em. Arguably bit overpriced but it’s an amazing product	3
[NAME] is so eloquent! Loved that scene	3
Love the username	3
This game and it’s updates can be very frustrating sometimes. We already discuss the issues to death but meme Monday has been oddly therapeutic	0
North end pizzeria! Best pizza in town	3
that dude steals so many tweets. i hate him	0
One elite run stopper please thanks	3
I was once nearly run over by a moped that was doing 60 MPH in a parking lot. Your comment reminded me of that.	5
Thank you for saying this! (Extended breastfeeding mom of a 2.5 yr old here.)	3
Thank you, see was that so hard	3
you got me for a sec. I was like wow.. that's kind of a weird thing to find h-ohhhh damnit! got me. XD	3
I will pray for you. [NAME] bless	3
Why don’t people just call the cops and give them the video?	0
Mate it's been nice the last couple weeks. You're gonna die when a stormy period arrives.	0
can't tell if trolling or retarded. i think both	5
If anything [NAME] has shown he can do a lot with very little. The Bucs are just a fun team to watch	3
[NAME] increasing his trade value so we can trade him to NO for Lonzo. Thank you [NAME]!	3
That's gonna be the upvote party of the year.	3
"""They didn't get [NAME]. They got [NAME]."" - [NAME] on draft night That boy gud!"	3
yes:)	3
Oh I thought the laugh was from that one mech show	5
Omg lmao 🤣🤣🤣	3
thats really kind, thanks stranger	3
I was trying to click on a baby flamingo but I'm not mad	3
It’s actually thoroughly thought through. Thanks for the comment. It’s just evidently not for you.	3
WE ARE WINNING THIS GAME	3
holy crap that's messed up.	0
But it's such a lovely place!!! I might need help...	3
A Wall is NOT a Volition of the NAP you idiot.	0
Don’t own one and the show is tonight I didn’t realize this dilemma until a few hours ago	5
Damn, politics *does* make strange bedfellows.	0
Idk how but that's nice	3
Hope the horses are ok	3
"I'd love if this just quick-panned to [NAME] giving a brutal RBF while this moid fawned over her ""personality shining"""	3
I shed a tear at how beautifully well said this comment was.	3
Ya it’s Bamas league to lose every year	4
[NAME] went form 4-12 to 11-5 when he switched teams. Coaching success does not necessarily regress with age. Athletic ability does. That's the difference.	5
I really love the sorta sharp angles you used !	3
No credit?? This is the brilliant youtube channel You Suck At Cooking	0
I like the earthquake that occurs after she falls. Glad the cameraman got that on video.	3
I want to undo it, like it tasted good, but just **AGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHh**	3
I had to put Bird Box because it's the only direct to streaming movie I saw. I feel dirty.	1
You might be experiencing a ttd bug?	5
I'll be there! Should be an interesting foray into STOs, and is a sign of what is to come.	3
If you’re being contentious, then I have no interest in discussing this. There’s plenty of other threads you can search.	0
You know, I'm rather disappointed, but admire your cunning at the same time	4
Can't help that the president hangs out with the bottom of the barrel.	4
What did they do?	5
PLEASE leave my Mother out of this!	4
Sorry, doesn't ring a bell. Do.you know [NAME] ign?	3
Such a beautiful cinematic shot.	3
FUCK YOU CHAD, WE ARE COOL GAMERS RISE UP😎😎😎💯💯💯💯💯🔥🔥👅 BOTTOM TEXT	0
Bit too left for me lol	3
This can't be serious right? Already 14930 supporters have signed this crap!	5
Hopefully next weekend it's time to be rugby gods ;)	3
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.	3
Thank [NAME] someone else though so!	3
SHUT THAT SOFT ASS SHIT UP	1
I have a long term plan. I appreciate the concern.	3
What’s this ?the Olympics. Everyone is getting gold. Lol	3
I like this area when I go to the aquarium. It's a nice rest spot	3
You know that this happened in germany, do you?	5
I need a woman like this in my life	3
Yeah that is the consensus I got for sure. Looking for a new place to live lol	3
Well. Good... they should know they've pissed me off	0
Getting tougher to make those mortgage **and** car payments.	4
That's just damn creepy.	4
May [NAME] bless your effort and raise your rank in Jannah. And may he bring relief to the [NAME] and all those suffering in the umma Ameen Ameen Ameen	3
PayPal is fucking pricey. 500 bucks to Mexico cost me 60$	0
Hey, quick question how do you add tournament points to your Reddit flair?	5
He suddenly realises that's not his house.	5
How can you look at that. it hurts.	4
It’s definitely a massive problem for both of us. Attributing blame does nothing to solve the problem.	4
Im retarded lmao Etiz/flualp	0
You're a [NAME], wizard.	3
Looks like pure tabbaco but great roll !	3
Thank you for sharing!	3
I regret this knowledge, give me back my ignorance damn it!	4
i think u mean symfuhny lol	3
Its great that redditors who bicker over different topics can come together for a laugh	3
Poor [NAME] she just broke her back	4
I get that but there may be some folks out there that aren’t like that. Any help would be much appreciated.	3
I couldn’t agree with you more!	0
I think the book portrayal is more ambiguous than you say. I like that the show leans into one interpretation of her character instead of keeping it vague.	3
Seeing this makes me happy. I hope this is true :)	3
I'm sorry for you... That sounds not cool :'(	4
Yeah I figured it may be something like that. I was waiting it out too.	5
Did you hear about that old Italian chef? Sadly, he pasta way.	4
Holy crap, that movie was bad.	4
I can't tell if you're serious.	0
Thanks for the link,much appreciated,great info you found.	3
Yep. It's pretty bad having to use work or a paid email and real name on a gaming forum.	0
Nooo. Ireland will now lose those two rounds. The world is unfair	4
I'm sorry for your loss. From the picture it looks like he had a great life if that helps	4
I’d throw it back in for sure 👍🏼 🎣	3
The fact that you stayed this long really doesn’t but the blame on him, you chose this relationship	4
Why not streamlining that: the fine could be converted to the coverage for the poor students. A good gesture from legislators would help so much.	3
that’s actually sad, feel bad for him :/	4
Philanthropy really scares some people, doesn't it? People did this to [NAME] too.	2
Anarchy, anarchy, I don't t know what it is, but I love it.	3
Yeah this is what im currently witnessing with my nephew and nieces. I wish i can do something about it.	3
I’ve never heard of their football team, must be fake news /s	0
in this case, you are paying with both.. it's just as data mineable as any other source	3
Can you stop shilling for Russia every damn time they are mentioned?	5
[NAME] what a stupid job	0
Indeed! Oh [NAME], you are in for a horrible life...	4
Those other people who gave the second one to the boy are pricks. The girl obviously loves hockey more.	3
This is the same federal government that's been shut down for the last month?	5
I partly disagree. In an argument that stupid, whoever writes more text than the other person is inevitably the bigger moron.	0
Imagine being upset by this	3
I hope I have your chemistry knowledge one day	3
How about catching the tines of your fork on a small hole and hearing it scrape across four other holes?	5
Im having a terrible day and you made me laugh thank you	3
See? Your mind is great! You think like [NAME]. And that's pretty cool. He's a dang genious. :)	3
Thanks, I understand what you mean, this made me feel better :)	3
Ooh wrong answer, but you'll have another chance to win 10,000 dollars in the lighting round! Will be right back after these messages.	0
Anyone have that mirror?	5
Don't read, it just gets worse!	1
So odd numbers one way, even the other. Not too hard to figure out. Would make more sense if they were just in numerical order.	5
Lol I’m not a [NAME] bro. Sorry man.	3
Fuck calm down [NAME]	0
Having sex with a child in the room is often difficult and boring.	1
Its much better. Inhaling burned particulate plant matter is very bad.	3
The baby photos, holy fucking shit there's so many baby photos now.	5
That’s so cute!	3
Take an upvote for Seinfeld 👍🏻	3
You kind of look like [NAME]. Very cute.	3
I don't live there just have family there.	0
I love reading anti gentrification comments. Because they always sound so stupid.	3
Now this is what I was looking for! Thank you good lad	3
By far my favorite STP song and one of my all-time favorite songs in general. Love this song.	3
Should kids really be lifting weights like that so young? Isn't it bad for you?	5
How about What's New Pussycat? With a playing of Its Not Unusual every seventh time.	5
Wow, I'm glad he's okay.	5
Shut up you shill /s	0
I like this one.	3
Would be fun if our sun was like this :3	3
Ah, i misunderstood what he was going for, sorry my bad	4
Had to stick my fist in my mouth in bed lmao	3
Upon reading I find this to be fake news and I'm disgusted to learn she writes for the age	1
> a mother in law unit Apropos of this and not the main thing.. lol! We call them granny flats in Aus :)	3
I'm so proud of you!	3
That's so refreshing. Thanks a lot!	3
Right now you’ll be sober for at least 15 years! Good luck man	3
This is actually kinda funny	3
This one is cute	3
If it’s like my store it might change. I have to check my schedule every other day because of changes	5
Why isn't India banned? One of the most [RELIGION] countries on the planet.	5
It was my impression that Monzo doesn't offer business bank accounts?	5
When the caterer found out [NAME] was going to pay the bill out of his own pocket, perhaps they declined the honour.	0
Sling yoghurt hahaha omg x I’m 19 yeh so pretty young but what a phrase	3
Sooo inappropriate and sooo awkward. He looked so uncomfortable and [NAME] wouldn't stop. I hated watching that scene.	0
Thanks, I hate constant reposts.	3
I'm so sorry that your partner doesn't understand that you no longer want to put hormones in your body.	4
It seems the doctors have some explaining to do.	5
I don’t get why he hasn’t brought his insta account back, he did used to use it from time to time	5
It was a very nice car, a 1978 Bugatti.	3
Would love for us to go to [NAME] and give them Tammy for peanuts with a buyback	3
Korean is not that hard of a language as far as foreign languages go anyway Hahahahahaha, how long have you been studying for?	3
Definitely going to fail without a doubt qualified to even own my dog, and I’m happy it’s a deload week.	3
Interesting. But it still is kind of guessing how far the target is though? I love BF never snipe though	5
Misandry is not part of our feminism here. Don’t make such comments again.	0
These people in here are joking about holding down and cutting their neighbors faces. It's pretty gross.	0
Because we’re fucking geniuses.	3
Wow, “Social” Democrats betraying the revolution. Who would had guessed?	5
Leave the guy alone he’s making sidewalk angels	0
Highlights will be glorious to watch! Here’s [NAME] shootout zinger!	3
Love your username!	3
When I looked at the picture, I thought for a moment that I was looking at a junk yard.	4
It will be interesting if there is a response to that at the federal level.	3
As ~~a very attractive person~~ an animal lover Monkey Heart sounds kind of cute to me, too bad these racist people use it as an insult	3
I just realized, what point are you trying to argue here? Because I have no idea where you're trying to go with this conversation.	5
I read that whole thing, so damn funny. But seriously, all those guys need to be sterilized.	3
Clever!!!	3
Very true that is why I'd also reccomend a mod tweaking AI. Ofcourse the dev's should've done this all themselves but alas.	3
Now THAT’S funny!	3
dude,,, same i cried today because i couldn’t go to the gym bc my foot was too swollen to wear shoes lol	4
Bad luck you’re in Beckton	4
Thank you. It was just an idea that popped up that I figured I could ask here before proceeding with getting actual legal advice	3
You're giving fascism too much credit here. They were backed by capitalists in the first place because it was profitable. It's those two together.	0
Yeah the last one made me laugh	3
It's my masterpiece.	3
You realize legal investigations take a long time? [NAME] is a methodical professional and clearly several steps ahead of [NAME]. Be patient	5
the dude wanted to watch the talking car show. geez. haha jk. thats freaking creepy	3
That sucks. You could start one yourself if you like.	0
I'm sorry you're going through that, I wish I could help somehow :c.	4
Guilty Gear actually did that before with Guilty Gear Isuka. It was, uh...not good. Really fuck-awful, actually.	0
Such a good one	3
The perfectly timed dessert, and delicious looking, too!	3
The sad thing is that most of them are gone the next election anyway.	4
Nice job.	3
Pretty big signs that something can be pretty fun and effective when you get these same shitty, selfish teammates.	3
He claims the starting job and we make the playoffs, I think it would be hard to argue against him.	3
>Apple convienently provided an adapter. If they left the headphone jack, why couldn't I just use an aux cord?	3
Lucky the patient passed out, they wont feel any of it or hear anything you're saying!	3
Damn. [NAME]	0
Good for you to get out of it!! seems like a nasty example of narc abuse. No contact!	3
Have you seen Lord's and Ladles on Netflix? It's not a competition, but the scenery and the little facts are super interesting.	3
this take can get the fuck out. that bulge is sacred	2
I DONT LIKE EM PUTTIN CHEMICALS IN THE WATER TO TURN THE FRIGGIN FROGS GAY **UNH UNH UNH**	0
Yeah it’s a repost, I saw this same exact post in a different subreddit couple months ago	3
Yea man! Why does it always run out faster than shampoo from the same sized bottle?!	5
I actually have to try, to see what happens	5
That’s amazing. You’re all amazing	3
Can’t wait to go!	3
This is where the run starts boys!	3
r/rareinsults also i’m surprised this guy isn’t fussing over the “it’s” instead of “its”	5
This was such a pleasure to watch. I wish more episodes were like Brianne.	3
Is freedom of expression a right or a law?	5
Oh [NAME] no. Let kinkaid eat it. Don't throw this kid in there. He isn't ready for the AHL yet	0
I want the Bears to get to the Superbowl because they haven't won one in three decades and my dad is a lifelong Bears fan.	3
That's cute love it!	3
Sex is gross and gross things are immoral to conservatives unless they are doing them.	1
Glad to hear it :) definitely more on the way!	3
It'd be a real shame if someone killed it and stole its soul.	4
That's an unexpected pair of fighters.	5
The HMC is pretty big and they don't allow stunning.	3
Or plan ahead, call 511 periodically for updates, and don't put your shitty load ahead of your own life.	3
That young [NAME] looking dude is intense!	3
Before you get too excited remember the human Officer is there to help his doggy partner.	3
love that guy	3
I'm on mobile but clearly I need to get on desktop! edit: am on pc, is wonderful!	3
Chasing thoughts and storing tension in your hands is how you distract yourself from feeling social tension and empathy. You need to allow yourself to feel these feelings.	3
You do realize that this is the sub for non-Trump supporters to come ask questions to [NAME] supporters. The OPs are all non-Trump supporters	5
Fuck her. I hate her so much. I wish she’s just vanish back to Indonesia with her mustache.	0
Of course I love myself because I'm awesome.	3
Ugh, just give me some Metallica, [NAME] and the damn puck drop.	3
They seem to be about 1/2 the price anyone else has quoted me, so it`s a good place to start, thank you!	3
This look is fab you can't call everything cringe just because it's eureka	3
I'm not falling for this again Uncle [NAME].	0
That's crazy. Glad you got your money back though!	3
Oh [NAME] i forgot about those. I used to love them.	3
Omg I know. She honestly looks so uncomfortable. There HAS to be someone better who could host?!	5
No, he's told me on multiple occasions he hates anime	0
Incels can't even get a pleb thing called sex. Sex is for [NAME] apparently.	4
I believe it's free	3
I just saw it on there... pretty cheap to be such a old item... starting bid on one was a $1	3
Looks sooooo good~	3
Mine do this too and it melts my heart every day. Such pure love for each other.	3
Lol just watched this episode	3
We knows mumps immunity wanes; is it possible for measles immunity to do the same thing? I'm kinda scared to try Googling it too.	2
Prey actually had portals before Portal. Such an underrated game.	0
This is a wholesome confession lol	3
> It's crazy you don't understand this. i r o n y	0
It's interesting to watch what happens to people when they find out how easy it is to get on TV and get paid.	3
I don’t believe any of that is true all hearsay no proof of any of that .	0
Live your life well. Let them figure it out for themselves.	3
Both. I have a feeling that broth was ruined a long time ago, in a footballers bedroom not so far away.	5
link to the crack tweet?	5
The fun part is that she can be a bigot and he can also be a bigot.	3
Ph and Tesla doesn't do advertising. So any mention like this is fun to see	3
It was the only thing that changed. The weight gain, terrible acne, and moods... it was all nasty.	0
haha me neither.	3
I hated that smug ass lawyer.	0
What a great word	3
[NAME] show tonight and i'm loving it	3
They're not the brightest bunch.	0
I feel bad for them now, but if they ever get good I’ll hate them like the rest.	4
You can never beat an auld apple tart and custard. They'll love you. Nice pit of tea to wash it down 🍀	3
This was funny the first time, now this jokes been beaten to death so badly.	3
At least this makes me feel better about not being photogenic. It’s the cameras fault!	3
She might just be bitter over her own relationship and this is a painful reminder in some way.	4
I dunno if that's really a HMB moment but funny nonetheless.	3
You choose a bad time, no one is fessing up anything during an election.	3
You're right! I DO remember the refs being trash in that game as well! Thanks for the heads up!	3
Pity. I had some decent lunches there, but never went there at night.	4
To be fair, they did call it a horror.	2
I literally have more friends on HOTS than WOW. Wow is deader than hots.	3
Yesssss!!! [NAME] would be awesome!!! I also alternate between these two shows! So good.	3
I laughed. Finally	3
[NAME] turned it into one, because they insisnt on being on the wrong side of history for every single god damn issue.	0
Omg they are adding audio???!! Epic really loves to cater to the sweats	3
Rats. Thanks anyway! Go Tartans	3
It is though. Certainly the worst Zelda game at least.	0
I'd love me some JVG, but not that [NAME] freak [NAME]...	3
I love my cheek bones and my skin tone (this one took me a while to accept!).	3
Im not in a hurry, its my goal for brawlhalla. But after hearing how many hours people have, its gonna be a long journey	3
Yeah I messed up, gonna repost this with better quality in the near future	3
I really love that game devs are started to put these references in games.	3
Wow - it would be great to have an AMA about what you learned compared to the truth. How recently were you in seminary or at BYU?	3
Funny bc random guys do that behind girls in clubs sometimes.	3
There have been multiple threads about this, they can't afford to move up. It's not financially feasible.	0
"I'll say no thanks to endangering others in traffic. And miss me with the ""I drive better while high"""	0
So many players from the current crop are going to end up on 300+ games, crazy to think how exclusive it was not too long ago	3
So you abandoned your Russian heritage for... what, exactly? The things you are describing are the result of the west screwing Russia over.	5
Yeah I cannot either on mobile, same with enough internet. Thoroughly disappointing.	4
it's embarrassing you think that pact is an example of them getting on well together, especially considering the millions of deaths that followed	4
We're all [NAME] fans in our hearts	3
At least if you don't have the body, you've got the sense of humour. So I can rule you out or is it a possibility lol	3
Crafty little bastards.	0
She's a nutjob, but this is a really good quote, lol.	3
They are having a whole bunch of problems , maybe they are paying so the state doesn't go after them as well.	3
oh my good	5
LOL [NAME] AND [NAME] JUST PLAYING WITH THEM	3
I have these high powered magnets...	3
Yeah me too, because I would’ve been a lot more pissed if they would’ve got tired of waiting and left.	3
That username lmao	3
I was actually thinking about that during tonight's episode. I don't think the show would last long without [NAME] though.	5
Yes, very sad but that's the reality of competitive online gaming right now	4
>Dude, nobody reads. That is *really* not true.	0
To me it looks like they were driving with both feet, as the brakes were on while they were accelerating... Something I will never understand.	5
If you are feeding your two year old 1200 calories then you are fattening them up for the stew lady.	5
The SNP were, I remember [NAME] stridulating about it at conference, but I don’t think it was a go-er.	0
*youve doomed us all, evacuate the continent immediately*	0
Because in a world of fake people you need strangers being mean to get an honest opinion.	3
But the battle dynamics are sh*t. Every other ME is better in that respect, especially the squad AI is bad. Really bad.	1
It's interesting that you don't address anything but just come to troll	0
Thank you! This feedback is gold to us.	3
Then leave him. You're not married and sexually comparability is a huge part of making a relationship work. Don't underestimate this my friend.	3
His videos are great.	3
i'm curious where they would sell in CT? I have to imagine New Haven will have one. I cant imagine Fairfield County would get one.	5
iT cAn'T bE sExISt bEcAuSE iT's a mErItocRaCy. -tech bro assholes justifying gender discrimination and systemic sexism	0
[NAME]. Can't believe she went to Parliament nine-months pregnant just to vote on the thing. That's dedication.	3
[NAME] smashed some kitkats on their table for internet points. Very cool.	3
He lost his shoes. He’s legally dead.	4
Omg saucepan what a daring and unconventional look!!!11	5
Thanks for the book recommendation!	3
That's why I'm glad they got [NAME].	3
I'm unsure how much more I should invest in this train of thought.	5
Not a perfect game with the error	0
Lol I do the same. Sometimes it gets stuck in my head for days.	3
As someone who works in the oil industry with a lot of big ships, this is badass.	0
What about a meet tomorow night (saturday night jan 12th) its supposed to be nice, just let me know and ill swing on by. 👍	3
Not really. Also it’s Winnipeg, sorry we don’t have the population of Tokyo...	4
I hate this arm swing thing. Either try to sync up or just stop doing it.	0
Good job partner!	3
Two or three anti depressants before I told them a lie about how I tried my moms valium and it worked	4
I’m not really serious I just think it’s kind of funny	3
I don't care what anyone says I love [NAME].	3
ho boy are you in for a surprise	5
That sounds awful. Glad its from 4Chan, so I know its fake.	1
Was she immunosuppressed in any way?	5
I'll kill you.	0
Wow, way to be gorgeous as yourself!	3
Stay safe guys	3
ohhhhh my gosh	5
Ah yes, the merge from 640 to 40 by papermill. Idiots do this all the time. It really messes up the traffic pattern.	0
No, but it diverts resources from the art team, and prevents them from making content which would have been better recieved by the already low playerbase!	0
He probably enjoyed it so much with his frat brothers that he's willing to buck his own party for good weed.	3
calling her a sellout for having a job is hilarious.	3
I see that you also braved the farmers' market this morning!	3
So why did [NAME] leave? They were predictable and mostly tolerable. Three wings is absolutely intolerable. I hate him.	0
If she's making inapropriate claims thats a problem too, Im not exactly sure what your point is?	5
Thanks, the date went really well! I feel for you, it will be a while for me too.	3
AND YOU DON'T HAVE TO USE ALL CAPS TO GET YOUR POINT ACROSS!!!	0
Can a mediocre bot invent Facebook?	5
Three years ago I did! Ended up hospitalized for 5 days. I can say that I'm in a much better place now. :)	3
omg, id cry if this was my store	4
BITCH HER PROMO EVEN DID SCREAMS LIKE A WINNER!!!!	0
Bedside Rounds (which that user puts out) is also a very interesting podcast on medical history.	3
I actually feel bad for your roommate, poor guy.	4
Some graffiti can turn that really bad	1
He’s so cute! How do you get to hang out with him? I’ve never seen him the times I went to visit.	3
I suspect that it's harder to combat sexism in academia because racialized theories have fallen out of favor but sexist ones are still all the rage.	5
One of the best photos I’ve seen of the Arch. Breathtaking.	3
I usually see retarded stuff posted on this sub but yours takes the cake	3
Lullaby is excellent and so is Diary. His first 5 or 6 books are out of this world.	3
That’s horrible. I’m probably going to donate to them I can’t imagine not missing out on a season because someone stole.	0
Im curious, why do you think that?	5
I love crows!!!!	3
I want to see the human equivalent to how happy this dog is	3
Why is it shocking? All professional sports is all about bottom line first-period!	5
sounds good, take care & stay safe loves💕	3
No if we tell and kick and scream and have a tantrum that always works.	0
What accent does the man talking in the video have? It sounds Scottish to me, but I'm just guessing.	5
u/pronouncedbooty Thank you for the advice, but IDK how I feel anout those foreign substances entering my body	3
After five years she realizes that's not for her? No offense but thats a long time to do so.	5
Thanks for the insight. I'm not knowledgeable about it, I admit. I am sensitive to many types of plastics, though.	3
[NAME] is happy	3
Yes, I just watched it. Thanks man! Cheers!	3
I love how they ignore the sniffling buffoon who struggled to read the words off the teleprompter in his speech	3
C'mon baby, C'MON DEEP SHIT	0
My drunken eyes saw that last window as [NAME] and im not sure if its better or worse	5
Predicted almost exactly what was going to happen. Still got me.	5
Will do tonight!	3
[NAME] saw it during the football game and was super impressed!	3
[NAME] will probably get offers from other teams, he may not even be a [NAME] next year.	3
Bro, pay attention. I know you guys aren't known for that, but this is not a centrist sub. For [NAME] sake read for one	3
Wow i've sat like all of those	3
Did you mean all of Massachusetts or just Boston? Because I'm pretty sure Western Mass drives well.	3
Me too I hope all goes well for both of us	3
I too have had this happen on XBONE. I really want to love this game, but it keeps giving me reasons to play something else.	3
There’s still time mate - be careful!	3
ur really cool too! *gives you a party favor*	3
Kid looks like he's about to cry	4
You're not wrong, [NAME], you're just an asshole.	0
Oh man, there isn't enough popcorn to enjoy this.	4
Oh god, How I always wish she shows up to the lonely hearts party every time I watch that episode.	3
[NAME]. hopefully that mindset will change (no pun intended)	3
Bro we got destroyed last time, we’re due for a heartbreaking missed field goal or extremely ill-timed turnover	4
Yeah, but geology doesn’t provide enough pumped hydro. Not enough places to do it.	0
Alright cool thanks for the tip - I'll give it a try!	3
"I'm new to polyamory so idk if that's ""normal"" but man it sounds pretty delightful."	3
My darling, have you bowed down to worship the ancient one yet? We are very worried.	2
Clearly, he had a bad Wednesday practice…	4
already exposed when h2k went 2-16. Sure they didn't have the best players, but going 2-16 means the coaching staff should also shoulder the blame.	4
this is so niche but i still felt that shit in my bones	0
Grandmother got into an accident many years ago, and walked away with broken ribs.... it took her a couple years before she found out	4
great pass wiggins	3
Come on, New Day! Make it finally finally happen, [NAME]!	3
I don't know about the rain but my friend suggested that it could look a tiny bit like Malachor.	0
[NAME] in the trash that's just how I like it good list	3
It's so sad that people don't vaccinate their children. For every upvote to this post, I'll vaccinate my child in protest.	4
is that how it works? i didnt know. no water buffalo for me	5
I love it. :D	3
Dude. I was hoping this would actually be helpful. I'm so tired of helping little kids open their milk cartons at the elementary I work at.	3
I'm sorry you have to deal with this. My mom does the same anytime she loses something. She accuses people of stealing whatever she lost.	4
Sleep tight [NAME]!	3
Minor character but I love [NAME].	3
How much do u get an onion of sniff for? 1500+ for me	5
They wanted all the shows to be based in New York. Seems like a weird reason but that’s what [NAME] said	3
Belgium is an awesome assignment	3
I agree that all people deserve respect and to be free from harassment, intimidation, or assault.	3
That's disgusting. Apt.	1
srs that’s a cute sweater n all but i wish the pic was closer to her makeup	3
Unbelievable that we didn’t sign him Also, we could’ve potentially signed [NAME] the window we signed [NAME]. Kill me.	5
I’m gonna stand here and watch you smoke every one of those cigarettes! Maybe that’ll teach you a lesson.	0
I watch his YouTube stuff. It's gross!	1
Damn this sounds like a former friend of mine. She doesn’t get instant validation on things and flips out. Cut negative people out OP.	3
You're setting the bar awfully low for yourself.	4
Chickens would definitely die out, sheep might have a small chance at surviving, cows might have a slightly higher chance, but pigs would surely survive.	3
Why thank you :)	5
Did you have to ask? Just pay the ticket and be done with it.	0
Damn, that shit's decarboxylated af! That'll get you nice and sleepy... I foresee a weed nap in the near future...	3
Wow really great advice! I'm over here taking notes!	3
Not related, but now I wonder how Delta would have done on the hair ball challenge	5
Oh goodness, that show shaped my sense of humor. I loved it so much.	3
Wow, im the opposite. In year 2 of being apart now.	3
welcome to the Idiocracy.	3
This post made me howl in laughter in the handicapped bathroom, thank you /u/coffeewhore17	3
Wow thanks for pointing that out, haven't heard that one before.	3
Cheers Mate, I appreciate that	3
Thats what I thought, he can be very lucky to walk away from that	3
Looks like a plate to me. A stupid plate. But a plate nonetheless.	0
How would you get off? HOW WOULD YOU GET OFF?!?!	5
Seems very very aggressive. I would love for you to be right.	3
They look pretty good down there.	3
This really feels like a jab at [NAME] as opposed to a reconciliation. Hope I'm wrong.	3
Can we get that man checked? He knows too much.	5
There's piece of shit 2 bedroom homes in Palo Alto that cost 3 million. Those schools are damn good though.	3
Not to be critical, but “rethuglican” is an awful one	1
Bro thank you for what you do, and keeping the roads clear so I can make money, thank you	3
I just realized what she reminds me of with that tongue; a frog!	5
Afro samurai lol, that's pretty interesting never new they actually existed. I'm woman though so that wouldn't work for me	0
I’ve been kicked in the leg my foots been stamped on. I can’t imagine the pain of this	4
He was a bony old bastard and probably jealous of their big cat energy.	0
That’s a wonderful meaningless word salad	3
Edit: Four on Five now man! Woo!	3
It’s a self fulfilling prophesy. They know things are getting more violent because they are looking to make them that way.	3
I regret not grabbing my work laptop today, then I wouldn't have to leave fort blanket until Thursday.	4
Haha I know the guy in the middle of the picture. Small world	3
podcasts also can help a lot to distract yourself (･ω<)☆	3
Thanks for the explanation. I got out pre marriage and always wonderd if it would have got worse if we had got married	3
Don't worry. I took one for the team and checked. Yes it's real.	3
That was your saddest shortest story yet	4
I might get to phaneuf traded levels of joy.	3
wow even the buildings on the poster haven't loaded in	5
Eh, Level 7 is pretty serious. Give me my Massif and I'll survive anything.	0
Feel your pain.	3
He can’t be like that in that business but it already sounds too late. No wonder his staff quit on him.	0
Well good luck with that. [NAME] does nothing but be a minor headache with occasionally killing some border guards.	3
Women don't want their own shit. They want our shit. ---- [NAME]	1
Toughest shit I’ve experienced never been in love like this before but a few beverages and some time I’ll be all good, thanks bro!	3
Wow now I know there's a twist. Why even watch it?	5
What are the chances [NAME] is in that 10% at 32?	5
I agree with this	3
I'm glad we agree.	3
This game is pretty drunk.	3
Would love to have him come back to the organization in some way. GOAT.	3
"That's what you get when you stretch a series for too long.... ""Ohhh gee....welp.... another one....."""	3
I laugh, but I genuinely believed this until I was 8 or so.	3
So do you think the court ruling to release the money to them is fake or something?	5
[NAME] face looks like some actress/model who I can picture in my head but I cant remember her name	3
Oh same! But with [NAME]!	5
I actually feel assaulted by this video.	4
A real man ain't be ashamed of crying. I cry with you my bro. Let's all cry together!	3
Thank you for the good chuckle.	3
If you’re in public, I suggest you hide your concern as much as you can.	3
I feel like Tankathon was made for or by magic fans. Such an amazing website lol	3
Ive been asked this in a similar situation as well. Interviewer was female and i would bet it was female in OP's case too	3
Wat u been ordering u naughty boy😂	3
I hate y'all too	0
You can do it!!!	3
Yes. And I wish people weren't so afraid to say it as many times as necessary.	3
Whew. I'm safe then.	3
I apologize for doubting you.	4
Neat sub idea! I like it.	3
We sacrifice them both to [NAME] and throw them in the Baler!	4
Seriously? I couldn't even remember the dude's name until about halfway through the season honestly.	5
Yep. Cool story troll.	3
Sad and very true though. Case in point.	4
That sound you are hearing is me, a middle aged woman, applauding you wildly. How fun this is to read on my morning break.	3
That's amazing	3
Am I confusing you with someone? I thought you had posted that you liked older women.	5
I need to hear more stories like this. I've only heard horror stories of the pain with the surgery as an adult.	3
It maybe possible she doesn't have a lore video to explain though so It may or not maybe true but I believe it is	5
I was just joking...	3
How did notre dame drop two spots when the played us closer than bama did?	5
I’m sorry to hear that. When do you graduate?	4
Very thoughtful post and good analogy.	3
Everytime I wore white pants! Finally got an ablation after kids, best procedure I've ever had besides lasik.	3
I've been playing for years and it's still a bitch for me to lay off balls.	0
>You wrote a lot of words, and I don't really understand the context. This is a pretty succinct description of competitive debate.	5
The idea that fb might be slowly killing mlms out there gives me a glimmer of satisfaction...	3
"Not literally sell, but trying to ""sell the experience."" All you'd do is just walk around a cemetery lol."	3
Tanks being strong is the reason why ADCs get buffed.	3
That's amazing why have I never found this before.	3
They can't even really articulate what has been so bad since [NAME] took office.	4
HAS THE WHOLE WORLD GONE CRAZY‽ AM I THE ONLY ONE WHO GIVES A SHIT ABOUT THE RULES‽ MARK IT ZERO!	0
You're just upset because it accurately highlights the absurdity of the minimum wage.	4
Just explain what is going on. But also understand the other people involved will probably be at least somewhat upset. No one likes plans cancelled on them	5
Thank you - that strikes me as the basics of what's going on here.	3
JAEGER CALM DOWN!	3
I just saw a snot nosed brat eat a croissant on the subway and got crumbs all over and the snobby rude mom left like nothing happened .	1
The Birds is probably not quite what you are expecting.	0
Exactly. It's like a deepity only longer and wronger.	5
GG haha 😉	3
Fake The monkey was a paid actor!	0
Good luck out there! I hope you find what you're looking for.	3
Hmm ok, ya this is pretty aweso...uhhhh nvm.	3
Artificial bacon is always so bad. I think its just smoke flavor.	0
Your art is really beautiful dude, it could straight up be in a museum	3
He's a fantastic Rav. Really enjoy all his articles. Not afraid to think outside the box.	3
No, you have the right too. Pretty crazy, but awesome thing we have. Freedom of expression.	3
A sharp stick? I think you need a rifle to kill that bastard	0
Let's not try to pretend both were equally bad, [NAME] was magnitudes worse	0
Yes but that's largely changed in much of the US (the coasts at least). Surprised a state or two hasn't legalized it	5
To be fair [NAME] and Unite were both cleared of wrongdoing.	5
thank you for your kind words.	3
Imagine thinking this comment was ok to post. Shame on you.	1
Yup. Hysterical bonding from ultimatums. Remember that time ultimatums created lust and desire...........?	5
Thanks mr bot	3
BALL DONT LIE	0
Awesome! I hope it helps you :)	3
Aw, man, with that title, I was hoping for good old-fashioned corporal punishment, like back in the 1700s.	3
Go to Happiest Hour before/after the game. Walking distance b/w AA center. It's a fun spot!	3
you are a smart dude	3
Holy shit, it's never occurred to me I'll still be anxious at 50. Thanks for this, very informative	3
put it in a drink, preferably a soda. Its great to sip on!	3
Thank [NAME] for state rights.	3
You can buy bitesize toad in the holes in Tesco. They are amazing. These look like they use hotdogs but I imagine would be almost as good.	3
Amazing device... Wish I had one growing up in New York. As long as it works, that is!	3
And here is my personal favorite, “To weigh one couple’s pathetic-ness against the others is to split the hairs that [NAME] collected.” Truth 💆🏽‍♀️	3
I'd say the bigger potential problem is getting reported for public indecency, that goes on your criminal record.	2
They then went to a piano concert together. This conflict is amazing in it's twists and turns.	3
Oh no, my secret identity as a neurosurgeon/entomologist/radiologist/anesthetist/dentist has been discovered! I knew I should have given less detailed medical advice online! D:	5
Rule of cool: horses are sweet, and fun, and lancing someone is an awesome animation.	3
That I was unbreakable. It took some serious injuries in “high school” until I realized that I wasn’t.	5
My son and I both enjoy taking pictures. It gives us pleasure. Part of the fun for us on vacation is taking pictures of new things.	3
It was or I’d have walked out!! Lol!	3
I'm sorry, I'm new. Included the TL;DR and age alrdy. Thank you!	3
It was worth mentioning anyways, the Packers are a special kind of awful.	0
It certainly is. I create very little space in my life for people like that period.	3
Can’t wait to see this monster perp walk.	3
Yeah maybe I over indulged as a young lad!	5
So long as we get the [NAME] from this season and not last season I'm happy	3
Wow. The Miami police! [NAME]! So much to this documentary.	3
I like [NAME] but I'm gonna have to go with [NAME].	3
I actually really like [NAME]	3
Sometimes, I am amazed that they are able to fit into a car.	5
Tkachuk - Pageau - Stone is going to be our second line. Absolutely filthy.	1
You can't. It's best you go see a professional about that wound of yours.	3
Papaoutai still leaves me bald.	4
Hey fuck-o I've broken plenty of rules I just have the decency to be ashamed of it.	4
Thanks:D	3
I love the accidental deep frying from the tears on certain words	3
Cuz [NAME] sat out lol	3
Unfortunately 22tcm is not standardized, as long as it's Armscor exclusive it's irrelevant.	0
"If second panel said Socialists, third panel would be something like ""Death panel has determined your life not valuable enough to save"""	3
Did not know we were playing tonight	5
Hope the best for him	3
I like this a lot	3
The Vikings....they make me the most angry.	0
bruiser sylvanus is so op for the first 20 mins, its ridiculous. underrated support.	0
[NAME] just keeps hopping backwards and forwards in time with no repercussions?	3
Ya, definitely gotta not feel like a [NAME] sometimes too.	3
Not a chance, and I love it!	3
Holy crap. I wish real life looked this good...	3
I love this 10/10	3
FUCK YESSSSS CJJJJJJJJ	0
A derogatory term.	1
I love the concept but if they release another kpop skin line they should recosnider giving the group a different name to rival KDA	3
Andromeda is that type of game that has extreme potential in becoming a great game, but it botched it in all the little things.	3
There are tons of great places on the fringes where you’re guaranteed good loot and a vehicle.	3
I’m clueless unless someone tells me straight up that they’re into me. But this may just be me	5
Wow she still hasn't helped even though you recognize it?	5
It always comes down to not accepting who they are themselves so it's pretty much 100% of it.	3
What's he whining about, I am only 52 and stuck on SSI now and only getting 1400.00	4
PD would probably get us [NAME] so we would all get pump faked until you realize he got the wrong one. Exhibit A [NAME] -_-	4
Sure. But [NAME] was well aware of the problem re GST and didn’t mention it until he was filling in his pension application.	5
Sadly, I’m younger. 15.	4
Why would [NAME] even care lol Reminds me of that [NAME] [NAME] I see a lot	3
Just called my mom and told her I love her, thank you reddit mom!	3
About every direction, down gives you the same problem as up and every other direction is less effective to escape.	3
It's been a long time since that was true, but thank you.	3
I might be stupid but I thought [NAME] wore #16?	0
Well, if you are gonna put it that way, I guess I don’t have much of a choice.	0
Wow I had no idea all of this transpired. Crazy!	5
This sounds like revenge, not karma.	0
When I drove refers I was always afraid this would happen to me. I always shut my doors I'm just a worrier	2
He was afraid of flying	2
People requesting asylum are not illegal immigrants so that argument is bull shit. Get informed by an actual news source please	0
Not really someone I despise, but definitely someone I was ashamed of.	4
What if I’m alone and no one knows for hours ?	5
I read this In his singing voice. Amazing.	3
Wealth is the biggest privilege, and it’s not close. The infinite amount of ways people can be divided lead to individual struggles, sure.	3
Oh my *FUCKING* **GOD**!!	5
You guys are the reason I had my first smooth hit in months, thank you🤘🏽🙏🏼	3
No problem. Didn't mean to nitpick. Good luck with the exam!	3
Dude couldn’t see he had a spool of hair growing on his face?!	5
The internationalist EU. The [NAME], [NAME], [NAME] and [NAME] are just brimming with all that international SOLIDARITY ❤️	3
Why am I crying rn...	4
That is disgusting. And not one parent thought that was a *bit* inappropriate? smh	1
Thanks and you too!	3
That woman has a nice body	3
How is it? It was consensual. They are practically adults anyway.	5
I read through this whole chain and your patience is absolutely commendable. Good on you for explaining it in such a level fashion to someone so willfully ignorant,	3
CNN has video of the arrest. Someone needs to put the cops theme over it.	3
He's 34 years old.	3
I am getting so nervous watching this	2
Sell high!	3
I work with food - being able to eyeball tbs for recipes is an odd perk I never thought about. Thank you.	3
"""WE HAVE LIFTOFF!"" ""Houston, we have a problem"""	5
Watch out, [NAME]!! [NAME] is right behind you. Oh god oh fuck he can’t hear us, he has AirPods.	0
58 and I still live at home.	3
I recomend a Jasikevicius from Litva :) Sorry for English.	4
Did you shoot your husband?? I love my husband! Yeah but did you shoot him??	3
He's transcended fuck-you-money to fuck-me-money territory	0
It's a pretty old and actually funny joke, just converted into a ragecomic.	3
Dude I spit after this comment. I haven’t laughed like that in awhile.	3
I stand corrected. I totally forgot the knee and shoulder injuries earlier in the season.	5
I wanna learn how to sharpen a knife where I can basically shave vegetables like that	3
[NAME], that's pretty damn good for a state like Virginia, which, although not a swing state anymore, was red not so long ago.	3
1 is spot on. Anxiety completely disappears. I like when that happens. One less issue	3
Why was nobody driving the damn thing? They were all in the backseat. :/	0
Manipulation. I love my mother btw, but this thing is insidious.	3
Oh man, when HQGs gets on a roll it’s so good.	3
Your reading skills are unparalleled	3
It's not collapsing	0
This is very deceptive. If you haven't read it, this article is great! The Deceptive Income of Physicians	3
The attempt was successful. He's crying and not talking to them because they're actually dead.	4
Lol, wut	3
Ouh shittt my dad is also going to be surprised	0
To be clear meaty means use later active frames of any move Oki: what posibilities are favorable to me frame wise after an attack	5
The [NAME] directed Swiss Army Man. Check out their music video for Turn Down for What. It’s lovely.	3
I sure as hell hope your username is a joke	3
Thanks... Some days are harder than others	3
Never noticed how unsettling palpatine looked	5
It doesn't look like it.	0
Same thing with Urgot mid. It looks absolutely trash even in LCK.	0
What?	5
Father [NAME] does a good or a bad job of it is that most of this country with Nazism.	5
Wow, amazing job, Mr. [NAME]! Another liberal absolutely DESTROYED with facts and logic! So eloquent and wise...	3
Good advice, thank you.	3
They didn’t you lying sack of shit. This sub has no moderators.	0
#Screw you, [NAME].	0
OP, don’t keep us in suspense. Which city were you referring to? :)	5
Me neither. It's more silly than anything else imo	3
The most intimidating man in football	3
donate! it feels sooo amazing :)	3
This just makes me want sushi.	3
is as good as it gets spent all morning looking for it . Thank you for your time	3
I’m sorry he’s treating people this way. You will find even greater and less costly bliss!	3
Cheers. Never heard of any of them. Kids will do that to you...	3
I'm not crying... you're crying!	0
Wait that’s actually funny why is it on this reddit	3
Yeah maybe they'll finally get a shred of evidence in another two years haha	3
If you were gonna chloroform the person why not just get a hold of a fresh dead body instead? Move just as much.	5
Ok, I get a feeling that you might be a bit too radical here. I'm not going to keep trying here, have a nice day.	0
Please don't think the way they're trolling represents us [NAME]. I'm sorry this happened.	4
And who would you vote for, exactly	5
i don't really feel comfortable posting there. i dont really have much reason to	4
That’s wonderful	3
I was freaking out watching this. WTF are the parents!?	0
Oh my [NAME] your desk is fucked.	5
Bitch ass n*** [NAME] rooting for [NAME]	0
ok. thanks for the info!	3
Such a lovely username for such a nice guy	3
Na. Rediting my post. Sorry for the ignorance.	4
Damn! You were so close! Scary. Damn damn!	2
My most sincere condolences.	3
The fact [NAME] met her at the airport should tell you all you need to know about why they did it. What a farce.	3
I don’t get it why are you quoting this Edit can someone explain how he got me and not just downvote lol	5
It's funny cause those cowboys do the gay sex with each other...	3
Easily one of the Top 5 Best Interviews ever	3
North Wahroonga. Lovely clear day, then some distant rumblings, 10 mins later pea-sized hail. Summer <3	3
Is there a subreddit that makes fun of SJWs?	5
Those on the right are oddly easy to convert at times. Good luck.	3
It’s a great site showing the growth and development of a re-bourgeoning city.	3
Contact Blue Mammoth staff, they're usually pretty nice about this stuff.	3
Would someone even be able to pursue a diagnosis for type 2 if they already suffer from type 1?	5
Excellent location. When it’s finished it’ll be spectacular around there.	3
Gotta wash your ass somehow. It makes it more funny that someone is as offended by it as you though.	3
Confronting people with footage from slaughter houses is a horrible thing to do in my opinion.	0
I love that idea!! And the homework is almost always work that wasnt finished in class. None of her teachers assign homework unless its a project.	3
I wondered if anyone else here watched Family by the Ton	5
When I was a kid and it was really interesting how you could do to make you believe that you need to go back to sleep.	5
I never said anything. I’m just cynical that change can happen when there is so much money on the line. Decisions are bought not made.	5
I love imagining that the drugs just stay ping ponging through the air as more and more drones keep coming to join the battle.	3
I heard this was because of a bill that happens to go in affect during the Government shutdown.	0
Mate, you’re a [NAME]. If it wasn’t for us you wouldn’t even exist.	5
You're taking all of this WAY too literally AND making a lot of assumptions.	0
No no this sub has so much to offer. So many great pictures to see. You have a great place here.	3
Our team just gave up the moment that happened and all went to top lane to have a b-step party with the other team	3
Plutocrats love Wealthcare.	3
Thanks. I want to travel the world but have no reasonable way of affording it.	3
This is my dream deal as well please basketball gods make it happen	3
Literally shaking, I hope you're getting the support you need with the ptsd this has obviously caused.	3
I’m offended that your offended	4
[NAME] will end up owning all these untouchable records and I hope they don’t get broken for generations	3
Why did I get a boner reading this? That Magnesium supplement is doing its job methinks	5
I love this. I started to play PK again and I would love this	3
Kind of wish they recorded a video of the shard of glass moving through the heart, we would all pee a little in our pants.	2
Do you really think anyone would support this legislation on any side. Jeez man lay off the [NAME] plus that would really destroy the CIA/FBIs blackmail program lol	3
The players turning on him for crying story cracked me up though.	3
In the 1st quarter too. I love it.	3
Gotta love our *progressive* neighbors	3
My youngest whispered to me one night that I was as cool as [NAME]	3
Thank the heavens RuneScape is coming at you all read his biography it's incredible. r/scriptedasiangifs.	3
I DESERVE TO BE HEAD OF NATIONAL SECURITY BECAUSE I'M ADOPTED	3
Cap locks are nothing to be ashamed of. *You're probably upsetting your mother by letting your chicken tendies get cold*	3
In case anyone is questioning...the title is sarcastic.	0
That’s abuse and manipulation. She trained you well. I’ve lived it, brother.	0
Yah, thanks...I've several times made mistake of getting excited b4 face to face..no more i say	3
I am so blessed to be a lesbian.	3
Talked with my parents. It was so relaxing and beautiful <√9 Thank you a lot ❤	3
I DON'T BELIEVE, WHAT I JUST SAW	5
Mail Call, great show, have all of 'em preserved for history. RIP	3
The feeling of betrayal could be one of the worse pains ever. Hope one day this will pass man.	3
Good meme, nice meme	3
No, no, please don’t make me see [NAME], please!	2
He’s gonna have a great season	3
My family never cared enough, I wish they did...	4
Does the world really need this?	5
The Dark Knight that didn't rise?? Home Alone.. forever?	5
Happy Easter everyone!!	3
Especially hard last night looking at Snapchat stories.	4
I'd take either without a second thought, in all honesty. Ideally both.	3
The name he asked if I was, was some foreign name. It was so far off from my actual name I thought it was a joke at first	5
i love [NAME]. itd be incredible to see her	3
Hey, that's ok	3
Stadium remains the best dlc map of all time	3
There was one I saw hanging out at Wash Park a few years back.	3
Yeah yeah science, but I never said anything about meeting forcing him. That's disgusts me.	1
I did not know those were a thing. I need to get one for my pain meds.	5
I’d like him because he is very good. But he’s not a necessity.	3
Lmfao. Tax refunds. Must be nice to get one of those.	3
I am not having a great day either. Sending good vibes, hope you feel better :)	3
OMG make it I want to be in on the ground floor of something #INVEST INVEST	3
Talking about scary foreign people spreading disease is a classic xenophobic trope. Vile.	1
This sounds hard, but not too bad! I'll try some of this. Thanks!	3
it grows on you, fresh packs of creme are actually pretty tasty and they hit right	3
stop making me cry man	4
You'd be surprised how much control [NAME] has in your life. I've experienced it first hand. Mentally.	5
Nah man [NAME] gets made fun of more than anyone lmao	3
Hi, female prostitute for sex work here. Can you not with this angry and condescending attitude? Not good camaraderie, comrade.	0
Describe in single words only the good things that come into your mind about your mother.	3
Excellent jobs, young men!	3
That sounds really helpful, thanks so much	3
I feel like this anime will make me cry in the end. Damn even its opening is full of drama. Am I correct in this?	4
Be adult Pay taxes to govt Be deemed incompetent by people with different views Feels bad	4
I took swimming lessons for a while and my fingerprint thing didn't work for months	4
Depends on who rates you. They don't all do it. I stayed at 5 till about 40 delivery, then it started moving around alot.	0
._. yeah, the man is doing something wrong if we feel nothing.	0
How are his past career stats relevant? Dude hit below the Mendoza line last season lol [NAME] is way better	5
One of my cats always eats the other ones food. I never noticed it until he was obese. I'm not gonna make that mistake again.	5
What sorcery is this!	5
What's a stream pack? Something river related I'm sure.	5
Thank you so much for posting this! I've thought this way for a long time and it's very comforting to see that I'm not alone :3	3
I don't think you should expect solid logic out of someone who believes [NAME] exists.	0
Wish they showed us more of their friendship in previous episodes, this drawing is amazing.	3
Matinee games should not be allowed for us anymore, we’re terrible at matinee games	0
Never. I miss the opportunity of leaving earlier than I did. That’s about it.	4
Nice job dude!	3
Richmond & Weslayan. But I haven’t checked this year. Going to look this weekend...thanks for the reminder!	3
just keep swimming further off that deep end	3
Because, “nah you guys go ahead”	3
That guy’s an asshole. He behavior doesn’t inherently have anything to do with poly.	0
Right, no one wants to deal with that.	3
Ad hominem. Ridiculous argument, not even funny or hilarious.	0
In a sous vide? How does that work?	5
"Fair enough. I typically focus more on the lower bound because I hate when people use ""millennials"" as a synonym for ""youths."" "	3
It makes sense, just don't expect much thanks from the rest of them.	3
This is a joke, right...?	5
Dude, wtf is this?	0
Damn this is dope	0
I’m tired of these stupid posts. Stop trying to become a meme. You’re ruining this sub!	0
"I am sure epic is going to go the disney way and not have any ""controversal"" stuff on their platform."	3
Downvoted because I stated facts ok...	0
"I am sorry for offending you "" WoW yOu WoNt EvEn LeT mY cHiLd Go ThErE aGaIn"" how tf. Whoops didnt mean to reply lol"	4
I’m confused because her mom doesn’t post anything bad, especially compared to her photos she took in prison.	5
[NAME] did say he still has a part to play, so hopefully we'll get to see more of him soon.	3
Her hair is beautiful! I have high hopes for her staying clean and on the right path.	3
yeah but we really don’t want to be like them. it is an example of failed communism turned militaristic authoritarianism	0
Thank you! :)	3
...it was a corgi, and that dog looked happy as hell.	3
Guess I hit a triple	5
Btc is a shite coin	1
That's far more expensive than, you know, recycling it...	0
worst is when people with dogs think they know what it's like to be a parent omg like you dont even know YOU DONT EVEN KNOW	1
Yah, totally. It's just kind of scary when all you hear are loud extremes on both sides.	2
Hahaha, ok. I was worried there for a second....	3
Good luck with that one	3
As someone else has mentioned it is not theft technically. So that will probably only cause more problems for myself.	0
oh god this is the worst	1
What was the original post? If it was as awful as this one my comment would still apply!	1
i would feel really uneasy knowing i can never visit other countries, i think i would rather have the 50K	2
> Maybe she was flirting with me? ask her out on a date and find out	5
I fail to see the downside of that.	4
Thanks for the encouragement and sharing. It is nice not looking at it every 2 hours!	3
Like protesting for higher minimum wages and better benefits for worker? Yeah, we protest for the opposite in Canada.	5
I don't think we could afford the expense bill for coming out of a pretty cushy retirement.	0
Stupid theory!	0
"My bad. I typo'd. It should have said ""how""."	4
Either you meant family doc or there's an interesting story here you're not sharing. I'm hoping for the latter.	3
Thanks, that makes sense.	3
But really Vanilla Ice is scum RIP [NAME] and [NAME]	1
I used to love watching that show.	3
If by ‘needs a talking to’ you mean ‘needs to be sterilised’ then you are correct.	3
She got the death penalty...? fck me.	0
We need more media coverage on the [NAME] abductions, and since the Alliance won’t do anything the BBC is our only hope.	3
Well this is inappropriate	0
Any time. I’m sorry you’re going through this. Just don’t drink your emotions like I did.	4
i thought you were and [NAME] too?	5
I never said it should have been called. I just think it's hilarious that the replay literally shows it.	3
Who gives a shit. Stay in your fucking car.	0
it also can be found in r/redditsmuseumoffilth	3
Yeah, one more time for good measure. “Hey, hold on there you forgot something “. WAM	5
Yeah she looks pretty cute in that pic tbh	3
You would think so, huh? Not the first dude who has tried to use that rationale. The first one I dated though.	5
We are! Thank you!	3
"Lol ""Weapons grade weed"", I love it"	3
I’m so sorry for your loss... if you ever want to queue PM me for my steam	4
That's honestly less than I expected.	3
Doesn’t offend me, I just don’t like looking at it.	0
SUCH A NICE GUY.	3
Can't fire everyone if everyone is on strike.	0
Natural selection, I love you.	3
Nope, although I have some Serbian-American friends there who danced for the Tamburitzans :)	0
That's not it, the game (sigil is a derivative if scrapheap challenge. Thanks for the suggestion I appreciate the suggestion though.	3
Thanks for your reply! Maybe I’ll try that game with him and see how he responds.	3
Great vid but horrible grammar. [NAME] i had to read the title 4 times	3
No it's propaganda we because r/politics only presents info, true or (usually) or otherwise info that is designed to hurts conservatives and help liberals. Propaganda	4
if [NAME] got any more attention i'd really like it to be with [NAME].	3
That's awful. I'm glad [NAME] doing better, but he might have serious trust issues for life.	1
I don't even really like Papa Johns, but I'm starving and that looks amazing right now.	3
Stop believing everything you’re told.	0
Oh damn, is that who made that up?	5
Kirkland liquor is amazing. I can get a cheap bottle of vodka or scotch that's basically a mid tier bottle for half the price.	3
That's a cool dino	3
I have a college-level understanding of biology, as it is my degree of choice. Those 8th-graders are completely right.	3
Some seriously embarrassingly bad fan fiction too	4
I'd steal that!... just as cool.	3
Well then town is flummery for not guilty'ing the mafia lol	3
I grew up SDA as well. That probably explains my disdain for religion in general.	3
Don't let loneliness get in the way of growth. Grow my man, grow!	3
Shhh don't give them the idea!	0
Sorry, I don’t see a difference. If you are opposing people’s access to something, your opposing that thing.	4
I really hope that's true and really hope they grow some balls and ban it.	0
There's doing stupid things when you're young. Then there's doing horribly stupid things when you're in your mid-30s and you're already active in Politics	0
On being 3x over the speed limit while under the influence, that alone makes him very guilty of something wrong. Thanks for the additional information.	3
Can’t wait for CBC, the news needs to know about what’s going on	5
Ok good. Thanks for letting me know. I’m not very experienced with Reddit’s messaging/chat so I wasn’t sure.	3
Research #42 and also learn about our [NAME] Father, [NAME]. Get ready for a great year ahead.	3
Downtown is inconvenient, look like you've gone full county, enjoy your strip mall	3
Yes I do, I even tried a brand new pod as well and nothing	3
I want to taste their tears	3
"Just ""asking for a friend""...huh? 😂"	5
My inevitable famine is when I run out of pop tarts and get sad	4
Wow nice way to live in an echo chamber.	3
Lol would share half of the sofa 10/10 times for either of those sweet doggos!	3
Even when it's bad, it's still pretty good	3
This is my favorite reddit conversation I’ve seen in a while	3
Oh definitely, there was reports of [NAME] and his supporters using Spam to spread misinformation throughout the entire campaign.	3
It is. I bet chantex and all the other 'quit smoking' companies hope this book doesn't become too popular. That would cut into their profits.	0
Even though I didn't know you personally, but I just want to say that I am proud of you. This is an inspiration.	3
I wonder so too hehe :D	3
I thought [NAME] was dope. Never understood the hate for it	5
[NAME] was half-blood but it wasn't a smart idea to bring up his father.	0
I don't know if I'm comfortable with a religion that approves of human sacrifice tbh	5
How have [NAME] and [NAME] looked tonight? I was watching the Huskies game during the first period.	5
Added you mate well I’ve just got the bow and I love the hunting aspect of the game so happily join you hunting and what not	3
Always thought that was funny but is it a reference to anything?	5
What are you talking about? Anything bad that happened was [NAME] fault - only good things were [NAME] doing!	0
More like a baptism, with sexy results!	3
Enjoy the ride!	3
