WHY THE FUCK IS BAYLESS ISOING	2
To make her feel threatened	14
Dirty Southern Wankers	3
OmG pEyToN iSn'T gOoD eNoUgH tO hElP uS iN tHe PlAyOfFs! Dumbass Broncos fans circa December 2015.	26
Yes I heard abt the f bombs! That has to be why. Thanks for your reply:) until then hubby and I will anxiously wait 😝	15
Damn youtube and outrage drama is super lucrative for reddit	0
Demographics? I don’t know anybody under 35 who has cable tv.	6
R/sleeptrain Might be time for some sleep training. Take a look and try to feel out what's right for your family.	5
[NAME] - same fucking problem, slightly better command of the English language.	3
Thank you friend	15
Fucking coward.	2
i got a bump and a bald spot. i feel dumb <3	12
Stupidly stubborn / stubbornly stupid	2
Super, thanks	15
Troll, bro. They know they're saying stupid shit. The motherfucker does nothing but stink up libertarian subs talking shit	2
All sounds possible except the key, I can't see how it was missed in the first search. 	6
What does FPTP have to do with the referendum?	6
Happy to be able to help.	17
Famous for his 3-4 Defense	0
Pretty sure I’ve seen this. He swings away with the harness he is wearing. Still looks painful but I think he lives	25
I wouldn't let a sweet potato dictate decisions, ever.	10
It's true though. He either gets no shirt and freezes to death or wears a stupid looking butchers cape. I hope he gets something better next season	20
You can always kneel.	4
This isn't really wholesome	10
Thanks DB, I'll see if I can find the book	15
I just shit my pants. Then walk away. Embarrassing enough he won't press or follow you.	12
This...has 9k upvotes. Wow.	13
And then they say, “HAHAHAHHA IT WAS RIGHT THERE WOW!”	1
Twilight... STILL a better love story than The Last Jedi!	0
The republicans are the military. You are an idiot.	3
What a wonderful world	0
just noticed, lol. damn pervert foreigners.	1
Oh forgive us for trying to make an exciting atmosphere at our homecourt.	13
true I am a troll, but fortunately for me I'm not emotionally invested in it.	4
sorry [NAME]! 😘😘😘	25
At least it’s not anything worse, and that you are still close to that person :)	4
my brain hurts...	25
He was off by 5 minutes, not impressed. 	9
Pay you for what, just standing there? Done.	4
Apologies, I take it all back as I’ve just seen his latest effort	24
I love Rocket Love and Blasted. I just wonder who the songs were written for because these are all reference tracks except Acura Intergul	18
okay im interested in joining the bare hands hunting posse	4
I think the 90 day rule applies to increases over 5%?	7
So this means the people who have debt can see those that don’t. Am I sensing an easier target for muggings and such?	7
You just make her sound awesome.	0
seriously wtf. I want to see how the whole hand went in detail. that was the sickest soulread ever	3
Your team lacks ethics.	10
i wouldn't take that significant of a pay cut. you should keep your job and do your creative writing on the side/free time.	5
Thanks I'll give it a go. Nothing used for randoms at all? Would it be better for me to find a group to play with?	15
I appreciate his deadpan humour.	0
So I said earlier that this team was boring without [NAME] lately. I take that back after the last two games.	22
It's because you play against 1000 ms ping EU players that have no idea what's going on. Happy hunting!	17
The fuck is “mog?!”	2
Especially that “Australia ain’t gonna cop it” ad on TV god I hate [NAME]	2
"Three words, no subtlety. ""Dude. Stop. Seriously."" "	3
Wow. I just read the synopsis, and that’s really what happens. 	26
Wow, that landlady sure is a piece of shit. I'd be interested in knowing how many people she has discriminated against or harassed in the past.	7
I KILL YOU SCUM	2
Yeah, I am! I'll private message you a link to my profile. Thank you.	15
youre a disgusting piece of filth.	11
Just an employee, just stressed that it takes so long to save 10k for example and even that is nothing ! Should of brought more bitcoins	9
I don't think aspergers causes me distress or anxiety. I think having to live in a society that privileges neurotypical modes of interaction causes me distress and anxiety	22
You told me it was pointless to point it out. You're the idiot	2
Yeah let's wrap up AS4 I'm suddenly so much more excited for S11	13
Honestly, same. I was miserable at my admin asst job.	9
Glad to see Hearts fans giving [NAME] such a warm welcome back..	15
Glad you feel better! My offer still stands though, if you need someone, I’m here	23
Lmao Stole my joke! 😂	1
Welcome to the party pal!	15
[NAME] was one of the only good things in that season	0
Your coaching is terrible.... be ready and see how [NAME] uses [NAME]	14
I adore this comment section <3	18
Stop master debating, you are making a fool out of yourself. It's concerning.	3
as long as the tracking shows delivered, it's not your responsibility what happens to it after that	5
My stylist is a fit, handsome guy with big, sexy hands. Can't say I don't like it when he tousles my hair.	0
"He may have, I was more worried about the ""running and shooting the AR one handed, off to the side""."	14
horse meat is fucking peng i love it. why is it ok for a cow to be slaughtered for food but not a horse? ridiculous double standards	18
good luck buddy	20
Your response is truly one of the most amazing ones I’ve seen.	0
I don’t understand why people give gold to crossposts. You deserve all the upvotes.	0
No problem at all, glad I could help :) Cheers!	17
My [NAME]! This isnt a vaccine! It's a jello shot!	26
Who do you think can lead the Packers to where they need to be?	7
Thanks, :), as the days go by they are getting better.	15
"*""Success is the best revenge.""* Good job OP. Stay strong. You're almost there."	0
Food stamps are a disgrace. People should get money!	10
By [NAME]! That’s [NAME] music!	17
You live in Appalachia, don’t you?	7
That pole and cheap plastic fence surely would offer excellent protection from a car. Walk it off brah.	4
What the fuck is [NAME] doing in the background	2
It creates perverse incentives. Allow underpaid prison labour and suddenly you've an incentive towards exploiting your prison population rather than rehabilitating them.	3
Yeahhhh no, you're banned for this whole convo.	4
[NAME]	11
I'm 14 stone...so probably about 2 stone over weight. I don't drink alcohol or do drugs, but I love food.... 	18
Also curious. But as someone who lives in northern Ontario, this is pretty accurate	7
Like the handout this guy got to build the stadium?	7
i think its cool because its a hybrid that comes in stickshift	17
The first time I'm seeing it so thank you for sharing. Definitely shows the propaganda efforts.	15
It's simple, he's blunt, and that is what some people need.	0
It's also one of the very few decent solo FPS released this year.	4
I like this sub, and I like you. You're alright. 	18
Yeah, I was thinking my boy was into them before that. But I doubt Panic! At the Disco would have peaked his interest.	6
I've never been there before so I can't confirm or deny but I would be really surprised if a casino only had limit holdem	26
Go pursue that education. Let [NAME] wallow in her own sadness.	25
Such a nice photo of city hall.	0
I was suffering a delirium flu during the phantom facemask game so it’s all sorts of suffering for me.	25
I had no idea what the fuck this was about. Found the ad and watched it. It's actually decent.	0
I'm sorry OP, every single thing on that list is incredibly wrong. I hope you're doing well now. 	20
I’m assuming you’re referring to the poor execution of the hanging? He only used half of the holes	7
She has at least 12 elbows and all of them are happy. You get it gurl	17
Not surprised, damn that sucks. Concussions are awful.	11
Yes, it's normal. More like considering you options than desperation	4
Not all [NAME] supporters are tankies, but all tankies are [NAME] supporters	6
It's bizarre that it's considered normal to intentionally brainwash people into murdering psychos.	10
What do you think? If you look at my question above? Last thing I should do is to say sorry?	6
Bet flop. Good [NAME] what are you doing on the river.	7
Gamers know all too well how it feels to be oppressed by society.	4
It's extremely common. Hell you probably have it yourself and just don't know.	4
Lol, get em Corsi! 	1
Sounds nice owo	0
No he was given a bad team to work with unfortunately, and never got the final shot he deserved :(	25
Does nobody notice that this is a doctored photo..?? Like really bad clone stamp.. I mean it could be beautiful but this is not a real photo.	10
Doesn't seem like a big deal. I mean is she in the room?	7
Lol, that’s funny. I’ll have to find our Aggieopoly and see how it compares.	1
We were all duped? I’ve seen through her from day 1, even posted about how fake she is 	3
At least you get sunny on Netflix, they took it off in Canada :(	25
[NAME] better be careful. He'll be next.	5
This shirt IS a problem. Get rid of it.	9
my mom caught be masturbating to dominatrix porn (i was bored of vanilla shit) LOL But porn addiction is bad because it can stop you from approaching women etc	1
I really like this photo.	18
"Lmao the cop stops like *""Fuck, well I guess he won't be resisting on the way""*"	1
the young and the goal-less Thanks TSN, i hate it	15
I’m sorry, you just sound like one of those people who takes overwatch super seriously and has no life	3
I told my mum and an ambulance is coming now. Thanks everyone	15
"ick! That makes me feel gross. I have ""Addison's Disease"". "	11
Tis nothing but a scratch	9
Here did you know that [NAME] slept with 35,000 women. Outrageous.	26
I live in Suiderstrand, which is past Aghulas, no option for fibre here unfortunately :(	9
hey thank you! any time I can help someone, I'm more than happy to:)	15
Ah, thank you	15
Season 2 just started and as a huge TNG fan I can definitely say the first season is the closest I've ever seen to another season of TNG	4
Why are you trying to cheat NJ transit? NJ transit is in deep financial debt and you are trying to steal from them. Shame.	7
Idk for fun?	6
It makes us more determined to tank for Zion	4
 I'm scared to even ask my mom ,I might get yelled at 😟	14
They don't seem to care much. Al qaida or ahrar al sham makes little difference anyway.	10
the number 9 recruit from the 2019 class at USC has already entered the transfer portal lol it's only been like 3 weeks man give it a chance	1
I have his signature on my jersey. Lined up at Canadian Tire for it when I was younger. Happy retirement!	17
I am just like this! Glad to know I’m not imagining it.	21
Oh yeah! He was great for us. 0.69 ERA in 24 G with 10.7 K/9. I forgot about him.	0
I hope for the camera-man's sake that gun is empty	20
Please never don't not reproduce.	3
Source each of these and trend lines from previous years please. No, listing a few agencies and telling people to Google 8t isn't a source. 	10
Holy shit this golden comment flew under the radar. I laughed so hard	1
It’s like you didn’t even read the comment you’re responding to.	22
They hated him, because he told them the truth	25
I hope she lives to be 200, just to piss them off.	20
Eventually sure. But the question really lacked the maybe later option lol	1
Imagine what could've happened if you saw the longer director's cut!	7
I am more than pleasantly surprised I clicked this link	26
I’ve seen 62 to 8 in 12 hours up north. Weather is crazy stuff.	3
I have dayz but haven’t played in years. Last I heard it’s still a broken mess lol.	1
It's kinda funny when it's told to you	1
But even then it would need something else to live	10
Thank you, needed to hear this today! 	15
MEEEEEEEEE. Most people don't get my humour, but every now and then somebody does and we non-stop laugh together. 	1
I read fuck and not tuck. Was wondering how the hell it wasn't creepy....	26
Now THAT is a murder by words!	3
Seeing that knife on this subreddit put the fear of [NAME] in me	14
You tell me, was this a short trip or not? I was wrong, it was 4.3 	3
Good news: this is shark tale not finding Nemo	0
The only reason people are there is because they dont know [NAME] is fired lmao.	1
Thats insane. Someone died like 2 years ago after a bolt got kicked up by a truck and went through his windshield and hit him on 146 in LaPorte	16
Are you still sitting in the car right now?	7
He probably banked on the inherent secrecy of the community and ignorance (on Belgian law) of his victims.	3
[NAME] has to lose it a some point, just hope it's not tonight.	20
I feel awful posting it, but I couldn’t not share :|	11
“Wow. Just .. wow. Read a book, sweatie!”	26
Cheers to you on your cake day.	13
Ahh gotcha - thanks :)	15
He will rest easy knowing how happy he made all of us	17
Their orange chicken is the absolute fucking bomb. I love having it on top of a nice bed of rice and veggies :D	18
Damn thats so cheap	3
I am afraid to look, but my morbid curiosity draws me to ask.	14
Good for [NAME]. He deserves it.	0
OMG if the [NAME] and [NAME] run... I'll have the worst of time deciding who to vote for!	6
whats the [NAME] story ? sorry, not up to date on the bloke	7
[NAME] already had that in their comment and I didn't deny it. I guess that level of attention to detail isn't taught at Bellevue Community College.	3
Yeah no haha. Out of my price range tbh	1
wow! thats... a lot of water my dude was your bladder ok	26
Congrats, still waiting on getting called for an interview for another internal position. Applying around Christmas HR is so fucking slow.	15
She's ugly so that might add some more months.	3
That was brilliant 😂	0
We didn't win in Alvalade even when they got 7th place. We just have some sort of block there	9
I'm so excited for this game!! 😄	13
Focus on yourself by focusing on your prayers and reminding [NAME]	5
So true, sometimes what’s obvious passes over our heads. Good post.	4
It's embarrassing!	12
"Another reason to instantly kill people who constantly use the word ""awesome"" for everything. This is just brainless mediocrity at its best."	3
Yup. You see more hands, have to learn more to be competitive.. etc	5
Yeah but even then I feel like they could’ve went about it better	4
Lol, ..probably not. But then again, i never wanted to know what blue waffles were and somehow i do. 	1
**GOD DAMN YOU, FIGHT BACK!!**	0
[NAME] looked terrible that game. I was really hoping to be wrong but he came just as advertised by Hawks fans	14
Stop arguing with people.	10
This stresses me out way too much.	25
Eat too many whoppers and he'll be down with the sickness. Lma0 I'm sorry	24
The impact of his head hitting the court looked so bad. I hope he'll recover from this.	20
Same here man, terrible feeling	14
congrats. i'm broken rn but if I wasn't I'd be happy for you	15
Why? They deserve it.	7
I’m not sure it was [NAME] that changed the definition as much as it was the ATF.	6
100%. She's made herself vulnerable to being sued by a few people.	4
Only married once so can't be that bad. Not that it even matters	10
You're mistaking a poor character for MC.	9
Mostly because of the hype. I love going out with my friends!	18
Fuck is exactly what she's good for	4
Sure you are, comrade. You've met your quota of replies now, yes?	4
Well good...opera is often beautiful..though it retains the stink of the upper classes.. I cant help but deride art that caters to high society to stay alive.	0
PLACE THE DEVICE ON HER HEAD HA HA HA TIME TO DIE	1
I took a picture of the sunrise this morning too. Just north of Austin. It was very pretty today.	0
I HATE that song...I did not vote for it. A few of my songs I liked went at around 60-70	3
You just gotta man up, go out there, and get that kiss.	5
He can't rescind. What a dumbass	3
I didn’t know it was gonna be that simple Forgive me [NAME] :D	6
This really bothers me too. I completely agree. It would have helped us avoid a US situation. Now I think we're barreling toward it	4
Nice job building yourself btw	0
Yeah highkey looks decent	0
You are sexy af	0
how do you think money is created? it is largely controlled by the government and is distributed to create certain results in our society.	7
I’m glad things are coming to light, I pray justice is served for the victims. 	17
I'm curious though, will they upvote it to own the ~~libs~~ [NAME]?	7
[NAME] fucking [NAME] please no	2
I get all the deja smells and it's terrible.	11
> lack of diversity in the cast now that's a new one lmao	1
I have been doing that. The disc-to-digital thing is pretty sweet.	18
You're most welcome!	15
It's the lists fault!	9
Haha this dude’s from the area I’m from. He’s a local treasure	1
Really wish we had got something like this!	8
I know I don't know the Spanish alphabet but I can't believe I didn't catch that before	22
I don't know what you're talking about, but that sounds just as racist as it is sexist.	6
I want to go back in time and hug you as a child (after you got the lice treated tho).	8
I've been there. It's one of the most diverse places on Earth.	0
I would say. ’good’ but it’s all fucking tragic.	3
Me too. I love it!	18
That uncle was awesome.	0
Also available on Spotify and Apple Music. Any feedback would be hugely appreciated!	15
Brave soul.	0
He sunk their house into the ground and blamed the architect and every episoode after that his beard gets a little less washed 🤔	22
[NAME], [NAME] is the most underrated [NAME]. I love that guy. 	18
Oh my god. Don't you know it's illegal to share memes if you don't have an IQ of 16 trillion?	26
[NAME] and [NAME] should be there too E: Damn didn't think this would be unpopular lol	10
I think [NAME] could've been a long term quality backup. We really should have hung onto him and ejected [NAME] like a bad habit.	20
Finally gonna get together with [NAME]. Love is beautiful.	18
Ask him if he wants to a warm glass of shut the hell up.	3
I just dropped out of my science class without being at school, hot damn	9
The only time this movie should encourage blindfolds is when watching it. Then hopefully you won’t witness the giant plot holes and terrible ending.	20
No steel toe boots either. Amateurs. If the owner made his cooks do this instead of proper contractors he deserves a workers comp claim.	3
My coffee burned its way through my nostrils. Thank you!	15
Good luck [NAME]	5
In shock and was more concerned about my kid tbh. Now off course I wish I'd sued the arse off her for emotional distress.	26
Are you promoting sex outside of marriage?	7
Oh, I thought it was about the audio glitch at the end, lol Now I see 	1
You’re not being used but she has no right to tell you what to do with your money.	10
Aww yesss assalamu ‘alaykum akhi i love when i see a reflective post by you in here	18
A machine would literally do a worse job than him.	3
same but with panic at the disco	19
Came for the murderino and stayed to say I drive like [NAME] a lot and it’s bad lol	1
Got one, it's still bad dude	9
Wow.	26
old school from back when we won the cup	17
don't know any [NAME], sorry	24
This is badass. I'd love to see it placed over war pigs. Amazing work OP	0
I love this. Now I'm craving tacos in the morning.	18
yeah dude I love my 9(???) with the welded bump stock	18
Sounds like a true basket case. People that actually obsess over conspiracies, oh my....	7
Stuff like this makes me worry a little less about the future generations.	19
I was wondering that as well....	26
Mate you're talking to a Remainer who wants to Remain... I just want a Labour Government that's all.	8
this is a truly remarkable and informative documentary, and well worth setting aside an evening to watch. 	0
B plug? What the hell. Use an A plug or you're never going to become doctor some day.	10
Whenever you get a smelly one, don't you feel ashamed? Like what disgusting thing did I do wrong?	12
I would of taken a shit in the woods real quick	11
I don't know how that works, but it's definitive that it will happen on that date.	20
Everyday for the last year and a half has been very hard and I should be glad she's gone. I'm almost there.	17
Yea having children will always solve the problem	4
[NAME] and his supporters are the dumbest humans in the fucking galaxy. They should be locked up for their own safety.	2
It’s fun until you’re looking back	17
The contempt from [NAME] in these threads lately is seriously disappointing.	9
Hey Singapore, you’re in luck!	0
Damn hippies.	3
I kill them all and THEN overwrite my only save. I'm bonkers.	16
I am sure the protection was from other males. How does hat change things?	7
Being someone who has severe anxiety and in this predicament before, you need to do what’s best for YOU	5
Happy Cake Day! :)	1
We can only hope that they will appreciate our sacrifices once they get older!	20
[NAME] - OT3 in my team without me... [NAME] - Sometimes bad things just happen...	9
I laughed so hard.	1
Lol i control your life gooferton btw open your chatbox	1
I’m rather surprised that these books are STILL being made. Like I thought they died off around 2014.	26
Even if you were, all good my dude! Shouldn't comment on something too quickly lol	4
it's simple, it's stupid, and I can't stop laughing. 10/10	1
Nice try with your 1/3 pan and t rex arms there buckaroo /s	0
Either of those scenarios make sense. I'm getting antsy I need some positive Steelers news haha.	1
At least we know they have good taste	0
radical would be good. Poverty has to be erased before society is allowed to maximize individual wealth as it is doing now.	0
Growing up there were people in our church who hated the Smurfs because they were magic using communists.	10
So much time saved. Not.	7
I don't get what you mean	6
I like [NAME] so far but making shots that you missed in the first half aren't coaching adjustments	18
oh my [NAME]	26
Okay I can see this looking really cool for a festival or photos though 😄	17
I became a member in the summer and have still not gotten my packet, your post just gave me hope it still might come	20
Are you here to solve my catsup problem?	7
Its ok we all know you suck scrub.	2
I get ghosted all the time after I open pics. I don't like it, so would not do it to someone else.	10
I dont know, she seems pretty gangster to me.	3
You shouldn't force someone to come out you know. Now look at what you did! You killed [NAME]! You bastard!	2
Yeah dude, that's illegal in so many ways.	10
I agree. That is a fight better left for later.	4
I enjoyed this TED talk.	17
He's trying!	4
So juicy i'm surprised the man from Del Monte isn't knocking at his door.	26
Oh I remember that final , I just dont want to involve my team in the conversation because we share a rivalry	3
Ya i hate to talk bad about don’t but they should get the sticks out of their butts and make smarter decisions for their community	2
"Comments like these are the biggest reason I get so pissed off about fucking centrists crying about the ""both sides"" argument. "	2
I know! I would absolutely do this as well. I’d love to to a AMA with him to find out more.	18
Im sure shell last 5 min	4
fuck atheist countries	2
Sorry, but getting shot at causes an almost instinctive natural reflexive reaction to shoot back. I guess I'm just weird like that. 	24
the NT-242 is my favorite battlefront weapon, by far.	0
Actually [NAME] had the #1 PP who bazooka [NAME] fired lol	1
Oh yeah. That character could have had potential if they let him develop properly	4
Is your job my job? Because I don't know what it is about hardware stores that make Ppl stupid but hell are they stupid...	2
Yeah, sorry, I was on the mobile site, and wasn't able to delete it.	24
In the short term, yes. 	4
Company car? Oh boy he’s in trouble now.	26
Look we are starving but we still have some honor. We don't need any help from your people. Especially not 50 cents a day	10
Oh right I forgot [NAME] was on the show	22
Ding Ding Ding, exactly where I called BS	3
Easy money, thank you [NAME]	15
I mean, two times zero is zero and that can be a guarantee :D	4
It’s an 05 and we don’t know when the battery was last repacked lol	1
Polarizing filter needed??	6
I desperately want to believe you but then	6
I miss being practically jello as a kid	25
Poeling is looking like a fkn stud. Imagine our C depth next season... [NAME]... holy fuck	3
He looks especially cute in the glasses.	0
Didn't find it believable even from the start	10
Would need the #1 overall in 2 years... should try to get a first in next years draft for AB and hope that team tanks	20
He probably does, but people don’t speak Godlish very well.	0
Haha I meant [NAME]. I was a very chatty fast bowler/no.6 pinch hitter.	1
I once looked at the I-95 and was hospitalised for weeks.	25
Its to bad he doesn’t give Tomlin this treatment.	10
What evidence are you basing this on? What evidence would you accept as convincing you're wrong?	7
Thank you for your concern, fellow conservative	15
Always great to see a fellow [NAME] give proper advice	0
genuinely funny - downvoted	1
Thank you for phrasing it in a way where I picture [NAME] leaning over a school bus seat to tell me that.	15
Tbh, 2020 he would give us another amazing album. This year could still be rushed, but it’s great to see him out and shit	0
That’s my favorite way to introduce myself tbh	4
Again nothing, you are the one obsessing over that term, he literally says he puts girls on a pedestal. 	3
Because majority of moves have stupidly long names. GO INTO ANGEL PUNISHER INTO DIVE BOMB RADIANCE AND FINISH THE JOB WITH PUNISHING LIGHT BLADE	2
This is a great thread for catching up on my block list. 10/10 would block again	0
I didn’t rely on them necessarily. I just dislike chiefs and [NAME] lol	1
What? Who said I hated him? I dont give a damn about him either way.	2
Lol he said it was the driver's fault and everyone called him out.	1
That’s the most badass joke I’ve heard	1
I love this 😂	18
Nobody got time for that, Dont even like twitter	10
Your pro controller tho, tops.	0
[NAME] it'd be funny if it weren't so pathetic.	1
"""I'm not the one constantly talking about getting laid, YOU are!"" "	3
Plot twist, she's accepted [NAME] as her Lord and Savior.	4
Yeah but that post is a day old so OP won't have any chance of getting karma off it, cmmon now	20
Apologies, got a little carried away. 	25
Whoops. Didn’t know that was a thing. Thanks!	15
I didn't mean for that to sound racist I just mean those [NAME] in the article	10
That’s how I read it in the sentence but my brain reads it as “yeahno”. Lol	1
well, i mean, he served his sentence and repaid his debt. is his punishment over, or is it forever?	7
I also posted about this a few days ago. Maybe they have different designers but none of them has follow-up or approval from a single person, unfortunate	9
[NAME] was my favorite. And I liked [NAME] her first season. They both suck now, so damn hard.	10
As much as I hate [NAME] I love the guy a lot	18
#WHERE ARE THE TURTLES	7
Instagram literally fueles my eating disorder, I can't have it. It is all fake though	9
The age of consent is 16. It's the indecent nature of the photo that has gotten him in trouble.	12
I'm fucking starving here.	2
i mean yeah but people need to understand when someone needs something other than just sexual comments and maybe some actual support	4
money always talk. i want more to learn from this lesson.	8
"This is the sort of chucklefuck who finds himself saying ""and there was nothing I could do"" after a mishap... often."	22
My brother fell asleep on the beach once and his whole back turned purple from sunburn and yours is still worse than his! My [NAME]!!	9
Thanks for explaining the point he was making.	15
I have the same issue with a new co-worker and it drives me insane.	3
r/uk hates nationalism but likes the SNP. Not sure if hypocrisy or it’s different people	6
What a coincidence. I also had a Bort.	26
This actually made me laugh out loud	1
Eat my fuck- [NAME]	2
The secret and walk away endings are not cannon.	10
To me, the best smell a person can have is just a clean smell. 	0
Ha! I like that one.	18
Plus corporations are universally unethical	10
I like this kid	18
Is that the dude from spiderman?	7
Sorry. This happens to too many good people.	25
Hahaha damn.	1
[NAME] has a fun instagram	17
Pretty sure their subreddit makes one of these for every game. They're pretty legit.	0
Funny, coming from the tool circle jerk reddit.	17
Easy on the Granville Island gatekeeping amigo. Its absolutely a tourist destination.	0
I wouldn’t worry, most United fans have never even been to Manchester. 	10
"That comment about ""kill him with kindness"" was kinda unnecessary. How about just kindness for kindness sake? lol"	1
Looks deliriously boring.	3
I forgot context and thought you meant the band was republican, please don’t worry me like this again 	25
also anxious that people will be angry or surprised or upset at me for me never telling people about this before	19
You came at me with attacks, so no, you get NOTHING!	10
It's holiday time here in Europe. Today is my first day in work for 2 weeks.	13
No no no, the ball was tipped. He’s a great kicker	0
The guest judges these last two episodes are so gorgeousss like really	0
Why do you use your valuable time to hate? We only got time to love each other and ourselves.	18
Thank [NAME] for your mother and her googling skills! Now if you have kids you know who allowed and welcome to be around them and who not.	15
Pretend you are the lead in a movie. You will probably get laid, confidence is everything. Bingo bango, great night!	0
Lmao I'm sorry!	24
Maybe it’s just too early but I can’t figure out what that’s supposed to be.	6
I read this place obsessively and didn't see it, so I'm enjoying it and upvoting it anyway	17
Of all the injustices in the world!	3
Man I love listening to [NAME] talk and I’d love to have a chat with him but he does talk some bollocks sometimes.	18
Great reply as usual	0
If you think he's working 2400 times harder than an average minimum wage worker then there's something severely wrong with your world view.	10
It’s a fast food restaurant, what do you expect?	7
Thank you for doing these, i wanna learn our prospects more and this helps	15
😅 thanks bew bew	15
FIRE THE MEDICAL TEAM.	2
Also the fishing has been terrible for a month now. I am about to take the 5 story jump my friends.	11
Ugh, he sounds like a slob and you should leave him.	2
Scrambled eggs, chevre, sweet potato chips, and a side of I should probably go shopping. A confusing flex	6
For me it's more about making my personal appearance a hobby more than just buying expensive stuff to have it	4
Will see,still better for Chelsea then [NAME] who looked completely lost and devoid of any confidence lately	25
That sounds intelligent. Wonder why you don’t have a job you have to interview for.	26
I agree, it would be a bore if everybody agreed with everyone else. 	4
My type of cheerleader. Those are some good looking guys	0
"Damn I got a notif from a (very cute) friend saying ""no u"" on Discord right before I saw this"	10
That solves it. Thank you!	15
Try to keep yourself busy with other things to forget the thoughts.	5
[NAME] is gorgeous and so are you.	0
4 lives essentially, its insane	3
All good 👍	4
so painful to watch	25
He’s a coward, but no need to ruin his life. You should feel sorry for him. 	5
Where I live this standard, however they would of only been together just three weeks. Great news for you guys thou.	0
You’re right, I was thinking of AiG or the Discovery Institute. 	4
Ooohhh shit, they did *not* just say men should be decent human beings, they've finally taken it too far! Gather the troops! /s	10
Thanks! That was an interesting read. Seems there really is a city where they built more homes than there were people to live there!	15
So glad to hear that! you go girl<3	17
Sorry I dropped mine can I have another?	6
And? That still doesn’t debate the fact that he’s all about the money?	7
I wanna give [NAME] a mosquito bite	8
It sounds like you'd have a great time with Final Fantasy XIV.	20
What are you even talking about? I'm sorry you don't like [NAME], get over it.	24
Their faces tho, LOL	1
Omg!! They are kinda turning [NAME] into new [NAME].	26
Fruit is byfar the worst of all flavors	10
Disagree wholeheartedly. I'm actually amazed anyone can think this way.	10
"Okay. Then what does ""anti-imperialism"" mean to you? "	7
I like that he keeps with the Cardinals’ colors. This needs to be an alternative uniform	18
Your just killing time now.	2
Laugh all you want, it's pretty much indestructible now!	1
I wish my mom was catgirl savvy.	8
The smile on these guys face, the will and passion to explore all gone in a second. Rest in peace explorers!	9
Ugh this moment really had me crying lol just hearing him remember all the good I was like WHY	1
[NAME] is having a great start to the game. Very gritty and I love it. Plz keep him.	18
Alright, thanks	15
The QB said they loved it	18
I'm glad :)	17
I've used tofu and nutritional yeast before. It works well for ricotta! Recipe here!	4
Fucking and being a boy	2
Got any examples?	7
I really hope more queer couples have kids. It needs to become more normalized. I definitely want at least 2, probably through surrogacy.	20
Because then if the wife gets pregnant it becomes difficult to find out which husband she is pregnant with	6
Agreed. Sometimes you just have to move forward and let those determined to be left behind have their wish.	4
Block the number, avoid your parents, and cut the toxic people out of your life.	5
>And I could be wrong about my [RELIGION] faith but again that’s the point of faith. The point of faith is to be wrong?	6
You shouldn't be using hydrocortisone on your face:	10
I LOVE THE HIGHS TOO. At least I know tomorrow I will hate them. Is the good worth the bad? Sometimes...	18
That... That makes a lot more sense than what I thought they were chanting.	4
♫ Your love for me Won't be quite the same When you take a whiff Of my hershey stains. ♫	18
hes doing it for his kid	4
Wow, impressive... And how long until it breaks and they decide it's not worth repairing?	0
Fuck the White House, fuck McDonald’s and fuck this post.	2
If there’s a pattern, yes.	4
He’s a brave man.	0
I definitely get that vibe from this post. Or [NAME] was friends with them and didn’t get invited to the party lmao	9
2016 was also the worst year of my life	3
Can't play defence when everything is call and on the other end the Bulls haven't gotten a call since early in the quarter ...	22
Bitch yes!	2
Rumor says he failed the medical. Probably false but this is Arsenal anything can happen.	20
Haha haha! Excellent	17
That has to be the saddest nba account ever. Like 4 likes every post :(	25
It'll still be beautiful! They'll just have to be prepared to get a bit damp!	0
God damn, [NAME] gets 2 Mikans? Lucky.	26
I'm not telling them, I was just saying that the person who knew them irl said they were a she. That is all	3
Unless the government steps in and does something stupid	3
Spent time with them. Argue with them. Laugh with them. Cry with them. We all get lonely when we are old.	25
I also remember the scripts stating [NAME] look was one of jealousy, which disappoints me.	9
Awesome, great to see people coming together for peer to peer cash!	0
No I thought that movie was really bad. I could relate to requiem for a dream.	10
> I want to feel peace and not have to wake up everyday anxious for what the day has in store. I can relate to this.	8
That is an exceedingly rare failure. I read an article about this guy. He was just stupid and stopped there.	2
I tried to send this to a friend but [NAME] knocked it away.	9
This is a symptom of the main reason I don't drink or do drugs. F	4
Now if you can teach her english, the real fun starts. 	17
Great trade for us but we're losing some forward depth in [NAME]. Tbh though I would be willing to take the risk.	0
I was hoping they both were gonna hit the ground lol	20
wow it’s literally disgusting that you’re getting downvoted for pointing out that she abuses her kids. this is the society we live in, eugh	11
Tbh, that sounds better than lithium	4
Does that violate the NAP or not, hmm🤔	6
Hey, [NAME] nerf to basic damage and no damage mitigation in stealth! Thank [NAME]!	15
My face is so round so I don’t even know what male haircut to get :(	6
There's a difference between rights and law. Stop conflating the two.	10
I watched the whole thing. I miss that style of cartoon. Simultaneously silly and understated.	9
Imagine if we dont trade [NAME] and [NAME] fans just kill all of us.	14
But where?	7
Hi, [NAME]! I am stopping by to wish you the best day, and the best year! -HappyFriendlyBot	5
You are amazing	0
I can’t believe only 3 people pet the cat. Not even the cameraman pet the cat!	26
He's the only dignified politician, but it's still bizarre that people can be so enamoured of a literal [NAME]	0
This is the funniest shit I've seen all day.	1
Don't worry about it.	5
Ha! I can totally see him having these pictures on his dating profile. He’s so cheesy lol.	1
I love [NAME]	18
Woman here - $50 per orgasm please! I could easily make $300 in a half hour wankfest...	20
I changed from [NAME] to [NAME] last night because I panicked. I am very pleased with my decision.	4
Omg i hope this is about [NAME]. I would LOVE to see [NAME] and [NAME] go head to head	20
I don't really want to do anything.	10
I’d buy a cheap version of it.	4
Not to mention that the full video is part of the kids PR campaign according to [NAME] idiot	9
How did U quit being obsessed? It’s my goal for 2019.	7
Because [NAME] doesn't have time to monitor what is going on in a couples bedroom.	22
Huh, I'd missed this one when looking for new games a few months back. Might have to give it a try.	9
Troo, troo....worse eban dan eat pizza wif aht a ferk. 	11
I like [NAME] because she hates America	18
Hahaha I KNEW y'all were gonna post this	1
Omg lala a housewife I can’t even imagine!	26
The great ancap argument lol	1
What the hell are you talking about?	2
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.	20
Haha, yes.	1
"LOL top right one says ""It's MY birthday"""	17
That would be perfect! Wish I had that.	8
That's true for every loss except for this one. He's being really petty and hasn't taken the [NAME] loss well.	10
That dude is Russian intelligence	0
Ik these are great!	0
I see it this way also. I have never played Pokemon Go but I feel like DD creates the same excitement.	13
Did someone turn u down? Is this revenge?	6
I get it. I hate that [NAME]. Taking advantage of sad people.	10
His eyebrows are too precious	0
Wow. Got a link?	7
You elect [NAME], you get what you vote for, Utah. Congratulations, you got what you voted for. Vote smarter next time.	0
The likes of [NAME] utter genius cannot be fathomed by mere mortals	3
Don’t rush it .... it will eventually all fall into place, Enjoy today 	17
If it’s fan made they deserve an award. Or money. Something. The score is strange though	26
Wow really? I watched a fair bit of KR Contenders. I guess I just wasn’t paying that much attention.	26
Never worked on my babies. So disappointing	9
It sounds like they found out that when asked if they have an allergy, people with a non-allergy food intolerance still answer yes.	22
thats the future right there, robots trying to help but destroying your whole home in the process. 	11
Rape kit test from six year old migrant girl revealed DNA from 30 men.	25
By ranting aimlessly on the internet about it, obviously ;)	2
No it was a joke	1
Didn't notice the date, sorry.	24
Kotaku never ceases to amaze me with the horrible decisions they make in posting stories that can ruin people's lives with no confirmation or validity.	14
i was just feeling it okay i knew it wouldn’t blow up!!!	20
Which part do you not understand?	6
If they actually want to prevent abortions, they should be fighting for universal healthcare, comprehensive sex ed, and civilized parental leave policies.	4
Thank you. Language is weird. Why do you have multiple words for the same thing?	15
THIS IS THE JOKE	1
The dad is like ARE YOU FUCKING SORRY Jokes aside, good on the dad and the 2nd pissed off dude Tryin to make a change :-	11
Lay off the drugs dude	5
No, that means you're actually 41.	10
Wow talk about strength!	0
[NAME], He's got the name that you'd love to touch...	18
I've seen a number of them on there. I regret seeing most of them but some are legit movies.	24
EB GAMES STILL EXIST there?	7
That is the coolest name	0
Damn that's a good-looking pizza	0
[NAME] would laugh and hang up if this was the offer	1
I don't feel alive anymore. I don't feel anything. I'm just numb all over. All I know is I want it to stop	25
It is. Something I've wondered about many times	26
Gods, what a loser.	9
Be careful with the Washington Times. It's not exactly the Washington Post.	5
Is it that confusing to understand a food layerd with meat chees pasta aand sos we call lasagna	6
because it's a morning ritual and i like the smell and taste	18
I think it's your choice that determines it	4
You are the only real person i can look at soo noo	4
Lol no wonder it's so expensive. I've been wondering if his developers are taking him for a ride.	1
Excellent use of this scene. Your skills and taste border on wizardry.	0
This is the most majestic effortless mullet I have ever seen. The blending, the way his wavy locks lay. This is incredible. 	0
If you’re concerned about [NAME], then you must still be concerned about [NAME]. WAR over last 2 seasons: [NAME]: 4.8, 3.1 [NAME]: 4.0, 3.6	5
I'm not on it I was just wondering for the sake of knowing.	26
This hurts me.	25
If you want a one minute story told in half an hour then ask [NAME] to tell it.	1
And dedmon is expiring. So he likely would have walked for nothing. Huge win	0
It's normal school except they sexually identify as [RELIGION]	4
Box up all his stuff and put it outside the door	3
His time will come for that	20
I freakin love this channel	0
He's the only one who has managed anything positive in this game	0
You are the expert.	0
I do! (Sorry this comment just showed up for some reason)	4
You better have done 3oh!3 proud and twisted	0
Older nurses seem to have less tolerance for the bullshit of hospital work and move on once it gets to be too ridiculous.	3
Thanks ! so need to try a donair sounds amazing	15
I love Skyline Chili but I totally understand why other people don't. Same with Imo's.	18
I appreciate the fact that you used your precious time to translate the meme in Latin.	0
They've all fucked your mother. Just ask them.	3
Must be fun, just rewriting history at will...	1
i really don't get why people like this guy	6
I love you, as a feminist with ASD words are very hard for me and you described this so well	18
Finally something nice	17
Thats even worse than what you put up (no offense really). Your work is well done just a hideous design.	0
Thanks nate. If you need any help any time or support I'm here for ya.	15
Me too. Sweet!	4
>who accused him and [NAME] of raping her then did a porno where she fucked both of them AND [NAME]? She did?	7
Impressive to have such foresight.	0
too much logic in there for remainiacs only interested in cheering for unicorns and insulting the british people.	3
I like your rant.	18
Mommy bad man!!!	26
Ive seen that move no less than 5 times and I still get irrationally angry at the Harvard rich kid	2
I am glad your okay.	17
I actually have an odd feeling the game will become even more fun than before.	13
Unite us. Unite the clans.	4
Wow. All that up and down cycling. These people must feel 80 by the time they're 30.	0
You don't follow [NAME]. You're a hypocrite following man's interpretation of the word of [NAME]. Youre too stupid to even be embarrassed.	3
Dude! Coyotes are no joke. Good job, [NAME]. 	0
Let [NAME] think about his performance for this 2 week break, god that was a brutal last 5 mins 	9
It would've been pretty funny in May. Not anymore I'd say.	20
> Yes, I truly believe in soul mates. we'll just have to agree to disagree	4
Never mind the delays. Fish, unlike Wine or cheese doesn't improve with age.	4
I drive an old car but it is clean and well maintained.	4
Just checking in with my fellow zombie pale girls: what kinda brains do you like with your ghoulish pallor?	7
Weird, FBI did an investigation and proved that never happened. White knights make me cringe.	14
Sorry to hear that was all it got :/	25
Nice work [NAME]!	0
You have a long and amazing life ahead of you...you're beautiful 💜	0
It really sucks that almost everything we know and love about [NAME] is either told to us by proxy through other characters or is the result of fan-fics/shipping.	3
I know one time I mixed stuff up and posted the slashes instead of the asterisks to italicize. Oops.	12
I love Big Brother, they make an appointment and come pick up used household goods and clothes. Easiest way to donate.	18
Burnout takedown. Then when trying to recover in the weekend, a nice chunk of self condemnation.	10
No one comes here it’s cool	23
**I can't believe she held out for a full 24 hours before flip-flopping**	26
I feel like environmentalism has lost steam over the past ten to twenty years as the call to action has gotten too large in scope and abstract.	22
Everyone is fed up of it, but it'll be over soon and we'll be glad of it then. Just like the Newlands Cross flyover.	20
Very interesting!!!	0
Thanks, I'll do that next time. I didn't mean to get blood on it after all.	15
Give it time. Pain like that needs to heal just like open wounds. I really hope that you will eventually start to feel better.	20
It's interesting, if this was about invasive food smells in an apartment this conversation probably wouldn't be happening.	0
I'm surprised [NAME] didn't bust that dress open when she bent down to high [NAME]	26
What exactly are we looking at?	6
[NAME]!	2
Took me a few time watching it to realize that was a man and not a child.	22
No, I don't mind all that much. I just hate being subjected to second hand carcinogens	2
If your enjoying your time with the other person then you are always on fun dates.	17
Makes you wonder about the superbike which was going even faster..	0
100%,I'm actually impressed	0
Hooray for the cancer! /s	17
Steeler 4 life lol	1
I think he's probably (hopefully) more interested in the URL of the page... :D	20
Reddit I’m blind, what’s the bottom right?	7
Yes? FBI? This Lady Right here..	4
Australian here. I hereby agree that this does in fact provoke nightmares.	4
Nah man. This website smells like toast and makes my left arm hurt.	10
I mean, she could still be related to Palpatine or something. I mean, who knows they're kinda making it all up as they go along.	6
Human trafficking is bad.	10
You quack!	3
Oh thank [NAME] another commercial break. I was missing all these repeated, terrible ads	15
I saw a pic on twitter where she was also wearing a fur stole and she looked amazing.	0
Agree with [NAME] and yang I only really liked [NAME] for a little bit she irritated me	4
In draft I see a lot of enchantress. Even without Enchantress if Lodestone Demolition gets 6 dmg(same as Lightning Strike) I am happy.	17
It’s still not working unfortunately :(, you have a link to your YT?	9
Sometimes it’s annoying but I think it’s at an okay place right now	4
youve never played against a good support [NAME] then	16
Samsies! I could have written the feels in this post. It's like the job I never ever wanted and got and now I've tenure	18
i hate this	2
oh gosh i heard about that and though it was absolutely disgusting	11
Yeah it sort of sucks now.	2
I dont own a gun. I just dont like your attitude. You read like a drugged out washed up leach.	10
I could not agree with you more! These selfish women crying abuse to manipulate.	4
Bay Area, sorry ;D	24
Achilios too good	0
[NAME] way of doing things is straight trash for [NAME] lol. The latter end of the competition being bottom is a default sometimes.	1
ahh yes I forgot to include steps 3a *and* 3b. thanks fam	22
It's all fun and games until your crush turns into a spaceship.	17
One of our favorite rides.	18
Thank you!	15
At least she wasn’t engaged 19 TIMES!!!! 😜	22
What do you mean by verified transactions?	6
Hey! Any chance you still have those templates? I'd love to replace my screens with Chabot and Dutchy, or Tkachuk, or Stoner :)	7
Wow this team has no clue what to do against this right now. There has to be 15 turnovers already.	26
I appreciate the pointer. It definitely sounds like something I’m capable of. I’ll reach out to them.	15
[NAME] a fantastic word poet	0
sorry, i phrased that wrong. i meant that as a asexual, i get that a lot	24
we will see I hope your right. all we can do is play our best.	20
This is a very long story about nothing	4
Just curious: What do you normally do with your weekends?	7
Very nice.	0
Cute. 💖	0
I love that smile of his!!!!	18
This joke made me want to walk right out of the Dumbledoor.	1
This game is so good, nearly every dc character you can think of is in it	0
Be careful, or he'll have to use 10% of his power on you!	5
Sorry dumbass, the provision is for paid **training days** But nice try	3
Wow that was ...mind blowing.	13
too bad nothing came off it	9
Props to the guy for being honest	0
He, like [NAME] and [NAME], are better in the latter halves of seasons. Let's see if he can do some damage.	20
I freakin’ love doing this, too!!! Makes me happy for a second or two!	17
I thought that phrase was only used for memes now lol at least that's what I got from Vic deals	1
Nobody would flop like that in practice	10
I love in SoSpaHa - south of Spanish Harlem.	18
Dude awesome job being the reading police, great work out there tonight. Keeping the streets safe.	0
Lol you wish it was that easy. Lying POS customers have the advantage with review websites sadly.	1
Thanks everyone for your feedback! Dosing one bottle tomorrow night around 8pm EST, will post back with results 🤠	15
I don't think you see it in the flames sub... if you do it's probably a joke	1
Did people really go against [NAME] when he came out? I wasn't as in to his stuff at the time but I remember people being supportive.	6
This will pass and you will be happy again. Just not right now. Hang in there.	5
That game hurt.	25
Hitting your kids for punishment just makes them sneakier. Maybe that has something to do with the dishonesty of the church and [RELIGION] in general.	6
AV is a system where if you vote for a loser you can change your mind and 'have another go'. That's the problem.	3
I have a Secrets engagement ring, I love it, cost 1/10th of a real diamond and no one can tell. Would highly recommend!	18
The highest rate of eating disorder in men is binge eating disorder... I fail to see how a pressure to l ok good causes binge eating disorder	9
"""So long, [NAME]"""	17
This version of mass destruction is by far my favorite	18
"""[NAME] remains being [NAME]"" is absolutely perfect."	4
Wow either [NAME] misspoke or I didn't hear correctly. I swear he said chainsaw, that is totally different from knife or cooking accident.	26
Why is there a huge focus on the living room? The perspective confused me so much.	6
I feel like someone smart will go pound bama on the ML right now. But that person won’t be me lol.	1
Been with ethnic girls, blondes, brunettes, and a fake red head. No correlation. 	4
I love this comment	18
So fucking awesome. Cheers from Brazil.	0
This is oddly wholesome. I love it.	18
Is that a kid directly beside her?	7
That was never in discussion all Miami wanted was to get rid off the whole contract.	10
Whaaaaaaat the heck was that?	2
Haaaaa this was just on OZ the other night. Thanks.	15
I'm infinitely more interested in why the Physique one has an extra like	13
Id like to see Finland win it. But id like to see [NAME] and [NAME] carry their teams in every way possible to those losses.	8
Nice post here, dork.	4
I've recently figured out I'm the perfect mix of smart ass and sweet, the ladies love it.	18
I would never tell anyone stick is better than pad, but speaking personally, it's way more fun	17
Let them argue. We've never done anything remotely as bad as MOST OF THE WORLD does routinely.	2
Ok so this doesn't seem like a cover given they made a whole comp for him	10
Thank you for the advice. I was thinking it was envy, and I needed some place to get advice from some strangers.	15
Grew up in the south. When I left for college, I was very confused why people were walking around with smudges on their foreheads for Ash Wednesday.	6
Could they have written a more uninspiring Press Release. Hopefully it is more about [NAME] than [NAME] and [NAME].	20
Thanks I’m falling in love, and it’s also cost efficient!	15
It's going to hit all of us but there it is : no deal. It's high time to accept reality.	4
Yeah, I do. I'm just pretty sure that that will fuck my heart eventually. But I'll worry about that later.	19
> If everyone is put on the same level, where’s the competition? That's not what communism is..	10
 I don’t give a F F the haters F all the haters Much love, no hate Machines within, machines within	2
It really is! I loved everything about it. I'm so happy my friend told me about the franchise :)	18
oh, me too, actually.	4
The NEW & IMPROVED Doggy Slinky!!! Everyone loves a Slinky!	18
Didn't really help who the Master is but [NAME] will lose his damn mind. We video game worlds now.	9
He has been given all the time/freedom in the world - he just doesn't deliver.	9
They didn't play it safe. They played it big and failed hard. The plot is too damn big for a soft-reboot game.-* +	10
He’s so eager to please! This trait in dogs is so endearing.	3
"Also the sneezing. The dog is sneezing which is canine for ""this is a great game"""	0
It's sad that we have to think of it as a miracle and not a regular occurrence :/	25
Has anyone else realized that there are 16 [NAME] on this glorious movie poster?	7
You forgot blue passports	3
I can't wait till they invent that pill either, and for you to start taking it, for the sake of the rest of us. Fuck.	20
Great show honestly	0
You look awesome in this picture	0
Better than just saying hey :)	4
thanks! :)	15
I figured as much. If I were them I'd definitely be sceptical.	22
Damn you have a lot of alts. :D	1
Just out of curiosity... What was the opinion?	7
And you've never driven over the speed limit?	7
One of my 56 favourites	4
I love [NAME].	18
He'd hate me. My standards are even higher.	2
Don't worry, I forgive you.	4
"This has happened to me with the girls I tried to connect with irl as well as FA ""lonely"" girls from this very sub"	9
Thank you bot.	15
If he does well, do you guys think that's a sign that we could flip a senate seat? I like [NAME] a lot.	18
I am in fact a woman, but I'm not bothered by the assumption. Thank you :)	15
*Redditor for less than 30 days* New troll account, eh?	6
‘My Goddess went to prison and all I got was this crappy t-shirt’	3
My worst fear when I finally get over someone Those damn what ifs	14
Hey.... that's not the wallet inspector...	10
I hate that I like them...	2
Omg that’s a perfect idea! I obviously want to avoid the stalker thing but I do love basketball and understand it so this seems possible	0
Right. I’m surprised everyone thinks he’s so cute...	26
And there I was blaming the poor black lads	25
That's an extremely ignorant thing to say	3
thank you!	15
Wow. Thank you so much. I really appreciate this.	15
Are your daughters twins?	6
[NAME] wasn't accused of sexual assault	10
Well I mean he got erased from existence twice and is still here so I'm guessing it has to be something more than that.	4
Yeah that doesn't sound fun at all. I may just stick to the burbs.... Thanks for the reply.	15
This qualifies as emotional neglect. Just, to be clear, that is a form of covert abuse and is not okay or normal.	10
Uhhhhhhhhh well that's not good	10
I have already, what's your point? 	7
It’s embarrassing to share a license with them, that’s for sure.	12
I’m glad you fixed Minnesota, because there is a 0% chance we will go Red.	23
Wow. Of COURSE this happened	26
[NAME]? I'd be surprised if he plays.	26
happy cake day	13
[NAME] I hate this	2
Fuck right off, it was illegal at the time so the law was being broken. Learn to live with your actions and their consequences you whiny socialists.	2
That's the idea, don't be so indignant that I called out your bs.	5
oliver and black canary is evergreen.. [NAME] is the most annoying character since season 3.. why would CW come up with that	0
Oh, but amazingly it seemed to work out in the end because oil eating bacteria evolved in the Gulf of Mexico	0
Holy fuck, report this now. The fuck you doing on reddit? 	2
I wouldn't be surprised if the Cheetos dust was coming out of his sweat.	26
I legit thought he was JSE for a second. I was so confused, but so happy all at the same time	6
the original concern was about one particular type of vaccine, not all vaccinations.	10
Saddos??? And holy heck that laughing emoji, what a disrespectful sociopath. I'm so sorry you have to deal with her.	24
It always makes me super happy when I see stuff like this. Go live your best life girl!	17
Go fuck yourself.	2
Yayyyy [NAME]!!!! Now go get a hat trick tonight!	13
Your mindset is the right mindset, sadly, it's easier said than done.	0
I'm hoping that the TTK might help. He's really bad at R6 for the most part.	20
Happy new years!!!!	17
wow! trust issues.	26
i am. This means i will move from MTN to VODACOM. and i only roam!! Wow	17
5 years for a guy who will most likely break down physically before year 3. Awesome move.	0
Thank you!! Every time I see someone say “with one exception” I’m like nooo! It’s a song too!!	15
I saw this to, thanks tho :) it helps but not as much as I'd like	15
1 Corinthians 13 😅 I am lazy so i won't write it down sry	10
Not my proudest fap	10
Uncle doods is awesome.	0
I'd just feel less out of place, I guess. My SA makes me feel like I'm so behind my peers in terms of a social life	9
It may get you pregnant so just make sure you eat all her birth control before hand.	5
Exercising. Yoga. Meditation. Walks out by myself. ( walking meditation) Good friends. Time with good friends.	17
*losing hope Loose is what your mom is	25
Your opinion doesn’t matter enough to me to trigger me :)	10
Fuck that guy for game 2	2
For some reason this post is making me crave an apartment.	8
The number of pedos is too damn high!	2
Congrats bud! Hope it was a good 21st!	0
Do it :) You’d make my day!	20
In my mind. I forgot everything :(	25
ASK HER OUT FOR COFFEE OR SOMETHING ALREADY! And while i wish things go well for you with her, next time dont wait for so many signals.	20
Happy little lies.	17
"Thank you. I've been correcting the record for triggered authoritarians for a minute! ""Mah taxes"""	15
[NAME] can actually be accessed via the DC universe steaming/comics service	22
"I mean... It's about average. So not $200 but not ""throw it in the trash"" either. "	3
And most ironic. We created the language but people still don’t properly understand us as the mutated the damn thing	3
I think I should say that I am a student and have no income.	4
That’s a fuckin budgie. You gotta be a moron at birds to not know that. That’s like Bird Basics 101.	3
Her playing with fire, and getting burned. Stay strong. 	5
This is terrible	14
Probably fake. In most situations Siri will tend to avoid words like penis and hope you're saying pianist	20
Good for him, most guys are like [NAME] and would take her back in an instant.	5
Hope you're ok!	5
I will third Blues City Deli...the Prez [NAME] is ridiculous!	1
This is a very cursed lineup	3
Where does this one person every 67 hours statistic come from?	6
Salaam, these thoughts happen. It is the shaitan trying to divert you from the path. May [NAME] grant you patience and the steadfastness to protect yourself.	5
You must be fun at parties.	1
"& when you call them on their shit they ban you from their subreddit for ""oppressing people"""	3
I like the name mummied the best so far	4
It feels weird to me cause im the type of person who always immediately texts back	3
Ah, the good old days where you could lose in a game! Yes!	4
"I guess we didn't truly ""match"" but I saw the profile with the percentage of their calculated compatibility."	20
It dulls the pain	19
Great report! They are correct, it was never a hack.	0
Interesting. Can you give some examples?	0
Willpower. I have a lot of little compulsions I give into. Time to gain control over my day to day.	20
I have never had so many heart attacks..	22
I swear of all the people that dislike artifact, the gwent crew is by far the most obnoxious.	11
Every instagram page posts this lol	1
Ignore him, he is a spiteful little rat who is mad because someone did something good and it reminds him how pathetic he is.	2
Yo good for you!	4
No one gives a fuck about your internet points guy	2
Last three times have been lost Final, won Final, lost ECF, which is insane. Just a shame that's over the course of 17 years	9
And is that good or bad?	7
He’s been shit. Makes the wrong decision in the final third every time this game.	3
That's how mafia works	4
Honestly rams are my second NFC team. I wanted you to win it all since the beginning of the playoffs and I love the team even more now	18
Oh man, glad I'm not watching this with my extremely emetophobic mother 	23
Damn you! Now all this dirty money is flooding Frankfurt and Dublin!	2
Ok. Thanks	15
Ha! I actually included that on purpose, was poking fun at me (and the typical MS3) :)	1
Youre being dowmvoted but you are absolutely correct. I have a feelingnyour downvotes are more a sign of the obesity problem than anything	4
I like that [NAME] is still [NAME]	0
This is legit an awesome idea. There’s a reason rifles are shouldered like that. Makes it easier to stabilize it. Stability is important in photography	0
Any differing opinion that exists is heresy.	10
So angry. PMS?	7
Peaky Blinders is the shit. I don't understand how there isn't more hype around this show.	10
It was so great to have a nice friendly NPC like that. Just one student that didn't hate our guts.	0
Almost the same Win% as [NAME]. Nice.	0
That was so sad. And she kept calling for mommy the whole time. Then they ditched her with grandma.	25
<3 It was hilarious, sorry I doubted you!	1
That's just reckless. He's lucky he didn't get permanently disfigured or killed.	20
You get a lot more freedom and free time. College is a blast	17
Thank you :)	15
Good Luck at the SuperBowl [NAME]!	0
Yeah? I’ll believe it when the Packard plant is a bigger version of the Factory at franklin	22
This is really disgusting, the 4x4 community is one of the nicest around, Shame that a few c*nts gotta do shit like this.	11
It's literally not. I love that people believe it. I'd like to see any info showcasing it.	18
"C1,2 7.30 pm [NAME] to [NAME], ""I how how you can throw down"" HAHAHA!!! "	1
Did you have to make this picture yourself because it’s just wonderful	0
You're a female? Sup girl, how you livin'?	7
Peace and love, my brother!	18
Hahaha, good point	17
How is one not amused by that? I can't imagine being angry even if it was my lunch. lmao...	2
Just try really hard to not ghost her and give her some kind of closure. Ghosting will most likely hurt more... Good luck.	5
Come on, this would be funny with a better caption.	1
Italy would be so awesome - I think it's one of those countries you'll just instantly fall in love with.	0
Oh wow I didn't know this policy was in place in the 70s!	26
Thanks a lot	15
Yes they do. Thank you for the idea!	15
Alright thanks to all. I will tr it with more wards the next time and boots and penetration. Thx for your support!	15
Yo your eyes are glued wide open like aderal and you move your head all the way back you are done	4
i swear i've seen this on a poster somewhere at my school, it's awful	11
Thanks, now I can get back to the actual content	15
Ah thank you! I just remembered it the way I said. Was never sure if that's what it meant.	15
I love lamp.	18
Yeah, this is always my first thought when I read this kind of stuff, kinda sad to be honest 	25
We had a clown banging on dorm windows, on campus, with a knife in 2016. Was terrifying. 	14
Nice job continuing to ignore the fact she lost her home and her father at the peak of the 2008 housing crisis you obtuse prick	0
I’m pregnant and my dog is with my parents across the country while we renovate. The feels were too much 😭	25
“That’s also cute” I say as I look at the 5k in LEGO I’m hoarding	4
Yeah, that teacher was a disaster. She got fired a year later for just being an all around idiot.	10
Welcome to our world.	15
Was that a sound effect or the pup freaking out?!	7
oh [NAME] I unleashed the beast	14
Sorry. Was hard to understand for me as well.	15
Stop trying and just do it. Then decide if it’s worth the effort. Otherwise this is just envy.	4
I’ve had the impossible burger. I was actually amazed. Thorough review here looking forward to trying the beyond burger	13
No one in particular....i mean to people who believe that [NAME] and [NAME] are actually in love.	18
I love the way they make my skin feels after I use them. I also use the primer for my makeup.	18
Word. I have 0 of these in my life. I miss my INTJ ex brother-in-law haha.	1
nearly 9 minutes?! no wonder you're getting downvoted lol	1
Vans are ugly as hell. You just cant make a Minivan look mean. Also why are they trying?	11
lol [NAME] trying to attack someone with their back turned	1
That's a welcome relief. Lol.	23
Be the change you want to see in the world!	20
Lol, I don't know the game that well	1
Glad this waste of time is over. Lets get back to the business of fixing this team.	15
Idk I feel like it's just an exaggeration, English is a hyperbolic language	10
Agghh this is amazing! Wish I had thought of something like this when I was leaving retail!	0
Aight thanks bro for the insight	15
Wait did [NAME] steal that name from the pinkerton guy?	7
I wonder why the fuck out of this alive. well, there was a perfectly reasonable explanation.	2
I’m curious as to how this came about in badwomensanatomy. Was she saying this was something that couldn’t be done?	7
Also his Whirlpool seems to be bugged, sometime it stays for like 3more seconds even tho you don't get any damage from it anymore	3
[NAME] ever love the busses	18
Ugh, so misleading, and such a disappointment for those of us whose skin is the color of ACTUAL porcelain. 	9
🤣 wow... I read it all in a serious tone until the end! 🤣	13
I just want instant run off voting, which wasn't one of the three options.	8
This is actually fascinating. I actually love this. Please don't call the cops.	18
The my bad thing is hilarious.	1
Thank you! And i understand that one too.	15
Luckiest I’ve been is getting the toy I actually wanted from a McDonald’s happy meal.	17
Man'. The point became invalid once the school yard name calling came out. And, 'this year'. It's only January.	3
Looks like pretty much any Donkeys fan.	0
Well you came to the right place	4
Safe rooms and hidden passages, I hope.	20
Just woke up and bull run already started.. loving the 💩 show	18
Why wouldn’t you want as much exposure to the idea of this protest as possible? It’s an incredibly important issue.	7
Can you share a link to video?	7
Damn straight. It’s a new year, and our troubles are just opportunities for future success!	20
Now it's a double birth stone, so it's extra special!	13
No, I definitely understand that feel and empathize. That can be hard to deal with. How have you been as of late?	4
Don’t be silly. Fiat on/off ramps will always be centralized.	5
This thought brings me too much joy. The tantrum-throwing traitor has taken me to a very dark place.	17
I mean, he is a terrible president. 	10
Well to be fair to these idiots Family Guy constantly makes episodes complaining about their lack of Emmys.	3
Nope, they still left even though they knew I was going through a rough patch :)	9
Thank you so much! This summarizes a lot!	15
You’ll love r/2healthbars	18
Really appreciate this post and article. I just subscribed and between this and the sidebar I'm feeling pumped about starting he learning.	0
> I feel the big man deserves some love. Because people on places like /r/pcmasterrace doesn't treat him like the second coming of [NAME].	18
Trying to read that made me feel like I just huffed formaldehyde amd mercury	3
[NAME]. is getting REALLY good!	0
[NAME] : completely unpredictable Bunch of them were standing together in the middle of the ring lol	1
Thanks a ton man. I definitely do overthink a lot and I’d serve myself well letting life come to me more often	15
Doing a happy dance! Yay!	17
Happy Cake day!	17
No.. This dudes a little wack in the head	10
Everyone clapped too btw	22
I probably just watched whatever episode someone else is rewatching.	4
Like an idiot.	3
I totally believe it, it's crazy how many drivers are so unaware of their lights	4
Thank you. I appreciate your kind offer.	15
What’s the issue with [NAME]? I think he’s been good off the bench this season .	7
Really? In real life, she's wearing comfortable clothes with no makeup. Other than that she looks the same.	26
Thank you for explaining:)	15
Honestly never seen one as dumb as this.	3
I love making peoples’ names verbs related to things they do!	18
So proud our sub is leaking into facebook	21
World has Turned and Left Me Here.	25
I LOVE WALNUT CREEK	18
This is good for people who pilots as well and rely on Tablets or phones for mapping	4
The tone is incredible.	0
That’s a really cool GMC van there, love seeing really old, unusual vehicles like that around town.	0
Stupid democrats!!!!!!!	2
Having no position is in itself a position. I'm not sure which party is more likely to split right now.	6
I did not know that. Thanks!	15
I like the mountain of health and guts thing about shugoki. Wouldn't mind if he get even more health	18
"It saddens me that [NAME] legacy has become ""Posterboy for edgy manchilds"""	25
Where in the timeline does ESO take place? If there be dragons, is this around Skyrim or in the distant past?	7
Dogs , unconditional love 	18
Aww this made me tear up! Please keep posting your poems, they are so special ♥️	18
Bless his heart	5
I know what you mean and with me, I love animals. Do you have any hobbies you like to do? 	18
I just had deja vu reading this comment. Weird.	22
He's not THAT bad on YouTube, but on Twitter... Let's just say that he's problematic	4
I love all things supportive of books and spreading their wonderfulness.	0
And yet still just outside of the playoffs and not the worst team in the last 10 games.	10
They look pretty great tbh stache and all	0
212/62 actually, lol. Good to know it's a metro-wide issue!	1
I didn’t know this was a thing, thanks!	15
the world is becoming very boring...	9
[NAME] looked so lost for 3 quarters. No pocket awareness. Terribly inaccurate. I hope this version of [NAME] is here to stay.	20
what a bizarre post omg	26
I’m convinced WB is more of a pain than it’s worth. Good luck making adjustments during the semester. I feel your pain.	20
I agree I think they hyped it up	4
Wow. I could have gone my entire life without witnessing this limpdicked haemorrhoid rank the severity of sexual assault based on who the victim is.	22
No, they couldn’t hav- They shouldn’t have. uh...this makes me feel sick 🤕 	25
Now that's what I call projection!	4
sorry should clarify ... have dinner / drinks and then go our separate ways to other events that night.	24
Yes - sometimes I see amazingly detailed little faces. It's so weird.	17
You an Asperger?	7
Holy heckin heck	26
Where's my thank you for that flair, hm? This is theft.	15
As long as I have my plasma rifle and some combat armour, I think I can traverse the wastes without a ride just fine. 	4
This seems like a very good write-up to me. I've been debating the issue a lot recently and haven't really come to a definite conclusion.	0
We all lose it too fast from time to time...but you have to make up for it. Hope it gets better.	20
Thanks for yelling it	15
I would but they don't make anything that fits my needs.	9
As it should be. No way I'd want my kid crossing 5 lanes of traffic to get to the bus everyday.	10
OH MY GOD!!!! The poor parents must have gone from gutted to PISSED in a matter of moments.	3
Thanks i hate it.	15
Cheers, [NAME]!	17
Well... this should get interesting.	13
I love Fish Stick	18
That's the spirit 🤣 for me it's more about strangers wanting to hug me. But you do you 😎	4
I love the fact that [NAME] kept the nose thing for so long he had a mark for the rest of the episode	18
Lmao imagine thinking rubbing a smelly oil on your face will make you grieve better	1
They were talking about what they should call the 'not Constantinople' release in the meeting- its a crime that nobody thought of this.	10
Loved it. Can't wait to see more.	18
Thanks mrs—mr [NAME]	15
Well I for one think small d**** are adorable	0
It’s my favorite Saturday movie, never gets boring	18
I am just attracted to mouthy Jersey girls, what can I say? I am a masochist.	4
Don't tease me with [NAME].	3
Shouldn’t really need to pay for this basic sexual experience man, it’s not very kinky 	4
this strikes me hard. I wish i knew my way out of this	8
No they are not free and no they will not give u one for free. I tried.	22
Its natural to fear what is unknown. Especially when someone is trying to force you to open a sketchy box while probably grinning the whole time.	14
[NAME], [get_user_id] is a moron.	2
Me, for example. I am very very happy.	17
We have tradable assets next year and cap space the year after. We don’t need to implode to retool.	10
that this ridiculous comparison is this detailed and explicit makes me think the whole beating-a-little-girl-thing is part of his disgusting sexual fantasies.	11
starting 2019 of with a banger, can't wait what else will happen this year 	13
"I was quoting him. He wanted an ""outsider rich business type"", piss off"	2
When religion and flags get entwined, bad things happen.	9
I like how she dabs on the way down.	18
Kinda reminds me of my Uncle, [NAME].	25
Thanks for the info	15
Lmao this article is almost a year old. Yawn.	1
"""AaaaaAAAaaaAAAhhh!"" I can imagine."	1
Like I said, I’m glad that’s working out for him but for most of the world being gainfully employed societal norms absolutely matter.	0
Safety Dance in Naxxramas, WOTLK. My favorite boss fight to date	18
Ditto!!	4
"You should check out [NAME] ""thank you God"" "	15
Sorry for the late question but I wanted to know if can you buy 2 tickets with one Madridista membership? Or is it one ticket per Madridista membership?	24
That is a great video	0
I love this! 🇦🇺	18
I love your username.	18
Thank you that’s very insightful.	15
I really love all the downvotes on this posts comments cus it goes to show ppl can’t have their own opinions on things.	18
They don't want equal rights. They want extra rights.	8
I just hope the Cavs don’t get the 1st pick fuck them	20
I like [NAME]’ “I’m tired of losing, I’m not a loser”	18
Lol aren’t you the guy that got banned from UKPol for being too left wing? I have to say guy that’s pretty impressive.	0
Cool story bro	0
Sounds like a really bad time. Just wait till you have a nice time and place to trip.	25
That is so sad, just goes to show we have a lot more to learn about the other beings we share this rock with : /	25
Brilliant post!	0
Thank you. I will look into the protein possibility.	15
I enjoy being a girl. (are shutdown memes still allowed? ...No matter. Couldn't find a decent one for this)	17
But would the flashing swastikas be unexpected, if you already predicted them?	6
Fuck that its not my money they're giving him. I want a goalie with a .970 sv% dangnabbit.	3
I so badly wish we could all gain this mindset and keep it. How easy would life be.	8
haha, she doesn't support me for whatever reason. lol you got problems bro. open your ears and shut your mouth	1
sorry you have to deal with things like that. i hope things are better where you are now	20
Until we win an actual SuperBowl trophy I want all the positive karma.	8
Username does not check out then... I think?	7
I really hope [NAME] gets a great helm. A crown would be cool but I want a properly armored sword and board knight.	20
ok thanks I'll give it a read and try to fact check	15
Yes, once I even deleted my account because I was so nervous about down votes. Lately,every once in a while I comment encouraging good attitude.	19
Shocked basement leaking got you freakin lady	26
I read the Wikipedia and I’m even more confused now.	6
What's the fucking point of this post? Is just baseless claims with no proof to back them up.	2
I've seen Shot Caller. That's what I've decided prison is... so yeah. Sorry boys.	24
Looks like he's tired of your dad-jokes. Lol	1
This video is funny but every time I watch it I get so mad at the guys filming and their belittling comments!	1
I am glad, and enjoy. It has some pretty cool theological discussions.	17
Congrats y'all!!!	0
I wish that laugh would jump off	8
Gotta protect’em!	5
I always say thank [NAME] we can’t comprehend it!!	15
Burn wait someone already did it sorry	24
I always thought filet mignon had bacon and garlic butter. Colour me surprised Deliberately ignoring anything to do with the minion	26
oh no, I didn’t mean one of my boyfriends haha, I meant one of his things. we’re not in an open relationship	1
Thank you!	15
Thanks man! You rule.	15
This is the kind of winning I love. Winning because [NAME] has 25 and [NAME] has 29	18
No-no-no-noooo Besides, [NAME] is not a bachelor. He is so in love with himself already	18
Well then I’d say you have a pretty good chance if it’s any girl lol	17
My mommas homemade mac and cheese almost makes me cry on how great it is	0
Wouldn’t have looked as cool.	10
Ah I love IDLES! Both their albums are absolutely amazing. [NAME], [NAME], and Well Done are some of my favs	0
my favorite moment in the history of the show is when he thrashed that woman.	17
are they clean, though? the chlorine keeps it clean, to my understanding.	7
And that's an issue. Councils are *so* unrepresentative it hurts.	25
They sound amazing :)	13
Since our newest addition to this holiday I've included a new, fun tradition where you hide a yellow toupee inside of the president's tree.	13
People working in hospitals are seriously under appreciated.	0
My second doc! I’m a student from Cleveland and would love any tips you guys have.	18
I find sativa makes me paranoid/anxious as hell. Indica calms me down more. Smoking too much of any strain makes me anxious by time though	19
I dont know how to send a PM on Sync/mobile, so I'll be asking here?	6
Funny how you're implying he'd even have a chance against [NAME]	1
I very happy with my character. I took my sweet ass time picking one that I liked.	17
“270 pound pink person” is a great alliteration.	0
I lost about 30 before anyone said anything. I think people probably noticed before then, though. 	22
Ouch. Those geriatric insults are the most spot on, aren’t they? That and during my peds rotation.	7
It would be hilarious if it was a pasta place too	17
I get needing a good education but what is with people acting like spending the most per student is a badge of honor?	0
He's worth it I think. Dude brings it 110% every game	0
Let's keep making that trade with different teams until we have all 32 picks in the 6th round one year Sorry, I'll go back to my NHL19	24
Who should I keep? 1 keeper. .5 PPR ten teams [NAME] [NAME] [NAME] [NAME] [NAME]	6
I AM THE RED ONE THANK YOU	15
Gotta love January.	18
[NAME] didn't contribute anything! [NAME] or [NAME], please come back. At they least you do something on the court!	9
I know and I really genuinely wish there was something I could do or say to help you take this pain away and to help you feel better.	8
Yeah they are! I didn't realize that, it must be the case. Thanks!	15
It's really very upsetting to have parents who dismiss this condition.	9
THANK you. They don’t even know how they sound	15
I see Barca fans saying [NAME] is better and I can't help but laugh.	1
I was worried about that too honestly	14
AW YEAH HUGE WIN FOR FEMINISM AND WOMEN AMIRIGHT GUYS /s	0
So incredibly sweet!	0
God damn!! Awesome for [NAME]. [NAME] and [NAME] is such a great combo.	0
In the USA you won’t disappear for badmouthing the USA. That’s what I love about it.	18
Damn its like that tv show on Netflix called You. Stay safe and hope everything works out for you.	5
Haha love it!	18
I remember 2008-2010. Phones couldn't do that yet. Phones had 640x480 screens back then, and believe me, we were amazed by that.	17
Chronicles of Elyria seems interesting	13
Oh my [NAME] I completely didn’t realise. I’m so sorry	24
No, we should increase border security because we have an absurd number of people crossing illegally.	10
Please stop LOOKING, and go.	10
hit or miss would anybody care or miss huh..? aint nobody love me and ma dad also left me yuh...	25
Let’s beat these Lakers!	13
great reference my friend	0
lol that’s what I was gonna say.	1
I love [NAME] as much as the next [NAME], but seriously man. Whatchu doing son?	18
You fruitcart, you oughta be ashamed of knowing that, let alone expecting anyone else to know.	12
I dont believe shit until america confirms the transfer.	3
This post is about a strung out homeless traveler who abandoned his dog. Are you confused about things?	6
I’m just gonna see how tomorrow goes tbh. I’ll take life one day at a time :) thank you for the help ❤️	15
Your stupidity and your attempt to reframe the argument when the facts are laid out clearly is astounding LOL	1
Because our roster has gotten worse each year since 2017 and the team is spending less. That isn't a recipe for continued success	10
I know you can’t read this, but I feel really bad and hope you learn to read soon 	25
Oh gosh that's no good! Perhaps the other options are better places to start	10
There is no enemy. Only knowledge that there is an invisible social hierarchy and we aint on it, let alone at the top.	22
I love this and you	18
*alligator point, thank you	15
Wow, that's so clever!	0
Nah no one can help me	25
I like Abram wayyyy more that Rapp. I hope we can snag Abram so we can use our first two picks to fill other holes.	20
Hahaha the first fall is the best ha	1
Wait for real? That's how they met? lol that's both terrifying and completely fitting considering how nuts they both are	14
Love both sports, but this is what annoys me about Boxing when compared to MMA. If this was the UFC this fight would have happened years ago	18
Seeing something like this without the usual “Wii music” is so... odd	9
That's amazing!	0
Same here. My refund almost doubled from last year. I almost cried when I saw how much I'm getting back.	17
your character's so broken!	2
Women wear makeup to threaten other women. It has nothing to do with men. Same w all their weird mutilations.	3
I still don't know what I want to be when I grow up.	6
I feel like I've seen a comment like this on another post	22
Beak makes no sense. Well beaks make no sense anyway but this one especially	3
Poor kid. He just wanted to rescue his mum from a nefarious organisation. I hope he gets decent representation.	20
I came here to laugh at memes. Not feel feels	3
Exactly. You make anything happen for the sake of your kids. Nothing should stand in your way.	4
Not practicing with the team, seems like a bad sign for playing today. 	10
It feels to me like your Dean has some baggage and you shouldn't let it weigh you down.	5
your cat has the cutest face!	0
At last, someone I can share this accomplishment with! 	23
R/T DIDN'T WANT IT!!!!	10
Well said. And I love your username. 👑	4
As Kings fans both my brother and I laughed out loud that it wasn't called. Looked sick though.	1
Yeah but it is what it is. Apparently I wasnt as clear as I could have been either.	22
The women-are-wonderful effect.	0
Guilty of doing this tbph	24
Thanks for the link! I've been looking too and there are like 200 in the area I called one and waiting to hear back.	15
You're right but ”just be confident” (I know that you didn't say it ) is really hard when you're unattractive	4
Curb your enthusiasm theme.	10
My soul twin must be [NAME] because I’m terrified of water!	14
NL West had 3 teams in the playoffs in 2017 and 2 in 2018......wtf you on about	3
I do. but some people love it	18
Exactly. And they parade around with their protruding stomachs as if they're [NAME] gift to the world. *barf*	4
I wish I could make a garden	8
[NAME] looks like [NAME] gorgeous	0
I'm confused. Is this post finished or is u done?	6
That might’ve been the worst pass he’s ever thrown. Yikes	11
Yawn. They’re toxic together and their only trait seemed to be getting naked together.	11
I wonder what the laws are if you bartered for a gun. I wash your car, you give me a glock.	8
They wont touch a hero if they tweaked it in last 6-12 months. Like [NAME], they fucked/nerfed her and thats it.	22
Just waiting to see which outlets decide to report it first.	7
I see, good one.	0
Bad defensive move by [NAME] there	9
They killed me [NAME]. They killed me with schlock	2
Pretty impressed that they have pork roll there tbh	0
Just a quick correction: if the next tax bracket is 10% than $10001 would be taxed $500.10	20
> In some, cops fire blanks in the hall to simulate an active shooter scenario. That's incredibly stupid, and serves no purpose.	3
Lol. 'have meat on my bones and I'm thick'. Just 'overweight' will do, Captain Redundant.	1
I meant mainsource [NAME]. the one that assists you on your journey. >! not the one that is evil as fuck!<	3
No but some random did afterwards. You’re welcome.	15
This is blatant racism and harassment of minors. These people need to be fired.	2
Or is that a 3:14? You’re in trouble pal.	7
I wish my husband was like you, especially on point number 6	20
Didn't realize they were shipping the challenge coins with Israeli FAL rifles, that makes this whole thing even weirder.	10
Is it bad that I don't want any of them?	6
Yo u r awesome op. Gold me :D	0
I'd love it, too. Might be that I've just gotten an idea for a post.	18
> make sure you register the claim against them and hit their credit score how does one do this?	3
Imma let you finish, but Cutthroat Kitchen is one of the best cooking shows of all time.	0
It should go well with kratom anyway. I need to just eliminate anxiety and not have cravings	19
Just be glad you’re not his wife	17
AMAZING!! I can’t wait for your talking head!	13
Nice work gang!	0
I was wondering what that was!	26
I don't think that lump is nearly as big as you think it will be	6
At least take a cloth and wipe off the dust. I've seen better condition stuff at the thrift store.	5
Busy night for you lol	1
Mad stinky.	11
I agree i think it's a problem with inner game even when i get the number she don't answer	4
My toes hurt watching this	25
I imagined this whole scene in my head with you played by a young [NAME]. Brilliant.	0
What will I have for dinner?	7
I like turtles	18
Thankyou!!!!!	15
Haha good theory but not the case. I'm completely aware of when I'm intoxicated or not.	0
That's just....sorry, but stupid is the only correct word.	25
"Do you mean a ""theocracy""?"	7
Absolutely not! If religions didn’t exist on this planet, we would be a far more advanced society.	10
Sorry was late at night and i was in a real depression fog	24
I'm excited for them, but I can understand why anyone wouldn't be. They both use the fighting styles of characters who are already in the game	13
I do this. Every. Single. Time.	4
I enjoyed that [NAME] kept saying [NAME] last name wrong over and over.	17
It tore off lol. The bracket isn’t installed on delivery.	1
I wish the double down would leave *me* out of this! My poor stomach. Once was enough.	8
Omg lol at least now you Will be more careful before throwing out words like that. I would die.	26
IT SEEMS THAT YOU ARE GOING TO APPROVE ME, I HOPE DO NOT PASS THE SAME AS WITH THE OTHER GIRL ... 😳	20
Haha so give it a try is what you are saying 😂😂	1
I'm disappointed that this isn't real...	9
Oh boy lol	1
I would prefer to not observe it all but federal law does not allow it.	10
Haha love it	18
Thank you for the explanation! 🦈	15
[NAME] is the greatest player to ever pick up a basketball	0
I feel your pain 😪 i got scammed $1400 in November. I felt like a dumbass for falling for it too.	25
I like them	0
Yeah tis marketing tweet from the melbourne AFLW team about their captain seems like marketing being pushed down my throat. You woke af.	3
Don’t do this. Unless you’re a total prick. Communicate like an adult, don’t play games like a child.	3
No, I generally feel like slugging them in the head repeatedly with an iron bar. Spitting is just petty. *Let your hatred flow!*	2
Bottom right is the cutest	0
She’s probably very traditional. Why haven’t you tried to kiss her yet?	0
That explains why the dude in the back reacts the way he does... thank you!	15
That was painful.	25
I love it! Guy in front can steer, can't propel. Guy in back can propel, but can't steer.	18
Good suggestion, he does a great job guarding [NAME] in their matchups	0
you too good sir	0
>he definitely doesn't value my pleasure this is very sad	25
An admirable effort	0
Yes I wish more people did this!	8
Guess we don't need to be afraid of hell, then, 'cause we can easily get out.	14
We created these beasts unfortunately. I don't feel right blaming the [NAME] for this one.	10
YOU SHUT YOUR MOUTH WHEN YOU’RE TALKIN’ TO ME!	2
The Magic are good at being frustrating.	0
Happy birthday!	17
She want to take it slow, I can see that... I deal with those girls all the time, they my favorite 	17
And I thought we had 50, *five-pointed* stars on the flag?	6
Idk if you ask most store managers they will say they started as a cart pusher Probably bullshit but still.....	3
Are there a lot of people that defend [NAME]? I dunno I see it here and there but those people are considered idiots by most sane people.	6
Threaten to release....welp , nothing coming from this.	14
It’s pretty cringe	14
Pins are given out? My store hordes that shit like there’s a coming apocalypse and pins are the only thing that will save them.	11
Wow. You have literally no idea how American politics works. It's almost as if you're either a bot or a troll.	13
Thanks, I'll have a look and see what they offer	15
Get the fuck out	2
"If [NAME] had served all fast food buffet to a football team Reddit would be circlejerking ""So down to earth and amazing!!1"""	0
Also [NAME] raised money because so many of his subscribers are dumb enough to confuse an Indian company with the country of India.	3
Don't worry, he won't be for long	5
"""In valor, there is hope"""	20
Well poops. My friend and I want to wander and look for such things but we can't. Boo!	9
I can actually read it easily now. Good work	0
I just don’t like traversing through the snow, and how the salt stains some of my boots, and the mess it leaves at home.	10
even the safe queen (pearl) was amazing. i would have had pearl and ginger double win	0
It’s 2019 dude chill out with the gender roles Edit: it’s 2019 I’m tired sorry	9
To all of you who never had to take the SATs, consider yourselves lucky.	0
Lakers running an awful lineup and [NAME] was too dumb to change it after the timeout. Thibs levels of Stubbornness	11
Everyone is allowed to have their own opinions, let's try to not resort to name calling no matter how much we disagree	4
I hope one of those staffers manages to find the tax returns [NAME] has been looking for since 2016!	20
[NAME] made boobi beautiful	0
genji dmg buffs are eh but everything else except a nerf to zen are crazy	3
Why am I crying alone in my room rn	6
I wanna see a video proving it's fake though	8
Anarcho-capitalism is indeed a joke, yes	1
Who fucking cares. People have sex all the time. You're just an asshole for trying to to profit from it or ruin her.	2
I have no idea. That restaurant loves to put fried spaghettis everywhere.	6
Beautiful. Makes me wonder how the Persona 6 Velvet Room attendant will be like and how the dynamic with their siblings go...	0
So his aunt? I think I followed that.	4
 And not all children's hospitals need the same stuff, so call and ask what they need. But I like your tip. You're correct. 	4
Metallica recorded a congratulatory video for him, so effin cool: 	15
You shut your stupid mouth troll. Thy absolutely matter	2
Just cut it all of, you won’t look bad	4
Not probable, I study in the best university in my country, I don't want to stop at all	0
Ugh foot rubs. I feel embarrassed thinking about how my nmom used to make me do this to her. Ugh ugh ugh	12
It's a troll. Look at the history.	1
Someone get fat boy [NAME] a happy meal.	17
Everyone loved the Snacks trade.	18
Makes me sad at how brain damage effects boxers so much	25
Probably scared they’re gonna get flashed by a camera.	14
Fucking Real Madrid	2
Mountain West/Southwest so far, but it would be awesome if he did a film set in the Idaho/Oregon mountain wilderness.	0
*What* exactly *are* we *italicizing* so *much* for?	7
They are loving this choice in maga canada of course. Just a typical day of bigotry.	17
I am hopeful that it will win the Oscar for best animated picture and renewed interest will lead to more 3D screenings.	20
Hell yea brother, Charlotsvile car attacker did nothing wrong Lets see how quick they scream hate speech	3
Serious question, where was this? That looks like my ex in the green top.	2
Thank u goalie [NAME]	15
What happened ?!	7
That, but I also really think that [NAME] is going to be a top QB. Especially, if he progresses during his time as back up.	20
OMG, crying laughing right now. Hubs and I both. What a visual!	13
I just came out of the restroom after crying from laughter watching that and my brother asked me if everything is okay	1
Hiya! 😃	13
How embarrassing.	12
Well I am happy you believe that.	17
Just curious...	7
This post is a waste of time and doesn't belong here.	3
You really don't allow children to come forward with bullying until they have video evidence? Lmfao	1
The double fist bump made me smile, her happiness was contagious	17
Glad we can take a win into Philly.	15
BNW is scarily accurate if you ask me.	20
Not the snowbank, though. That will end badly in spring.	10
I mean I dont think your wrong at all, but I would still be happy to fight you for funsies.	17
She refuses them by inhaling them [I'm sorry if that sounded bad plz no downvite]	25
I had someone do that to me on a delivery only order I was really upset it's another deceiving thing that we have to deal with on here	9
Scuba diving. I realized how truly precious and fragile nature is. I stopped eating seafood as well.	22
I don’t want my tax dollars going to some psycho who thinks he’s a girl trapped in a mans body	10
I regret that I understand that reference :(	24
All armed robbers, serial killers, rapists, swindlers all downplay the severity of their actions... 	4
you still didn't answer the point....lol	1
No, but even if you did, you'll find nothing special.	20
Poor poor poor bastard	2
I just read this the other day for the first time since I was a kid. What an influential book.	0
BUT [RELIGION] MONKS DONT speak???	6
Which is weird because I can still get hours every week the day before if I wanted to.	3
Welcome to my world. fml	13
[NAME] forced [NAME] to give it up, leading to a steal, and then gets a steal himself on the next play. Love his tenacity.	0
This person is the smartest person to play town of salem literally 999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999991000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001234567898765432345676543345678987654345678909876543234567898765432345678909876543234567898765432345678987654323456787654345676543456543456434543434343434323456765434567654323454323456543345678987654323456789876565656565656565656565656565454545654565454323456765432345678765456 IQ	0
Ha ha. You can't define something into existence.	1
My fav frank songs are white Ferrari, super rich kids and bad religion, I know those are popular songs I just wanna get deeper into his music 	0
Thanks friend, you have a good day! ([NAME] is fab btw just not quite [NAME] or [NAME] for me!)	15
You shot well. UVA's defense wasn't that bad that game in all honesty. People underestimate the amount of luck involved in basketball, bottom line. 	0
Skiing is great but I haven’t been skiing yet this season rip	0
It is actually out on the steam store right now.	4
It still amazes how many people on this show and family by the ton can do perfect splits lol	1
Glucose guardian!!!! Salmonblue, you are doing amazing sweetie.	13
Alright, thanks. I appreciate you taking your time to explain that to me. 	15
Am I out of touch? No, it's the [NAME] who are wrong!	10
well put yourself in his shoes though, it could make for a possible hostile working environment as well as be detrimental to his livelihood.	5
Cheers, I have some cheese left in the fridge that I can use here, thanks for the info.	15
It's a great side business. Great margins no returns	0
Thank you for your post. I will always treat him the same	15
Honestly, this would creep me out a bit.	11
He's been cheered for years now.	17
I would think: Thank [NAME] it's finally happening	15
Yeah Q was bad card I was just bloating the pot. I definitely feel this is one of the worst hands I’ve played.	9
History was written by the victors. Now we have history witten by the real truth agreed upon the everybody on the network	22
Nope, no deal far more likely to starve the country than U-boat blockade.	10
Don't tell me what to do. I'm not going to argue with someone who goes around calling everything bro science.	3
Yes, that might be a good thing	4
I honestly can't imagine [NAME] using any kind of profanity lol	1
Worst case scenario here is he dodged a psychopathic bullet.	11
Love how science doesn’t matter for human biology. What about climate change?	7
Well obviously not. Some people have higher tolerances than others. That’s a fact. I don’t know what else to tell you.	10
I friggin choked scrolling up to this	14
oooh yeah your comment makes sense now :)	22
One of his most underrated and nostalgic songs ever. This song has a special place in my heart.	18
do people actually dislike space cop or is that a meme?	6
There is so much I want to say. Keep [NAME] close. Don't judge others. Work in love. Take love there and bring love back.	18
I hope this is better than The Middle I mean it's [NAME] so it's going to be decent at worst.	11
yo STOP going on your roof on dxm man you don't want to fall and hurt yourself	5
Oh...this is the one time... Yes I can assure you none of those outlets print satire without labeling it as satire or opinion	20
I see. Thanks again.	15
Free market healthcare. Check out what countries like Denmark can achieve in healthcare through taxation. Must be communist propaganda.	20
[NAME] met and fell in love with her wines I see.	18
He looks like he has entered the ultimative stance of mind	4
Wait, so you uploaded a post in which you did something nice. That's a bit narcissistic. 	0
I don't know what else to do. I have no transportation, personal phone, or money. And I live in a rural area.	6
I love this! Thanks for putting a smile on my face this morning.	18
Cool! My [NAME] was in the Maori Battalion, I always wonder if there’s any photos of him floating around out there.	7
i wish i could be an ex someone wanted to get back with.	8
"1.) Its not real socialism 2.) All government is socialism pick one ""socialists"" fire departments arent socialist "	10
Love [NAME] more.	18
My favorite [NAME] and she was awesome as [NAME]. I also loved her playing the opposite [NAME] to [NAME] in DS9.	18
I’ll bet the Phillies owner had a beer with [NAME] high school baseball coach.	20
Is he and his wife still together? I'm late on these things. 😭	7
Eh I kinda won't him less now. I like the chase	18
Agreed, my guy.	4
They're just misguided, useful idiots.	3
The school should make a list of sexual assaulters. The boys who engage in this should be shamed publicly.	12
Unexpected Funhaus?	26
Thanks. I didn't quite get it from the original. Appreciate the time.	15
Greasy bastards are getting part of what they deserve. Some fines just don’t seem to be enough sometimes	2
Truly. This is how family stays family. I admire this child so much.	0
I would be interested in some of this stuff. Would love to see if posted here	18
Boy I *sure hope* this isn't a weekly thread, how obnoxious, haha	20
You realize this is the university, right? Not the hospital. They're not the same entity.	22
Thanks for the resources!	15
I do this everyday... lol	1
The visual change is an underrated buff. The few times you could juke a legion as survivor were likely due to his blur that just got lessened.	10
Omg I love these kinds of dates. Who initiated ??	18
Eat the damn rich already!	3
Dream market is also down for me in the USA	10
Very true.	4
You look chunky	0
Oh wow. That sucks to hear about [NAME]. I guess not uncommon with a bad family life.	0
"Yes, after her long trip to the Swiss Alps or wherever she went to ""find herself"" lol"	1
Also dont have to worry about ramos and robles walking in runs to lose games	23
Thanks for the advice, but I think I'll stick around for a bit.	15
That's pretty subjective tbh. I loved [NAME] VA specially in the angry and intense scenes. [NAME] was pretty good too, but I prefer [NAME].	18
[NAME] had some pretty harsh words.	3
Sad face it is	25
For a long time he had no experience of going to the later rounds. Now that he has been there, he hopefully knows better than to be wasteful	20
Ugh, I have 2 cats as well and I wish for this every single day. I am, so far, constantly disappointed.	9
...holy crap.	26
I MEAN HE'S NOT WRONG	10
This team needs to tighten up in the third. Absolutely brutal.	11
You will love Happy People! Perfect to watch when you're snowed/iced in.	18
 Turkey's situation is bad, but still nothing compared to Venezuela. 	9
All the things you mentioned are basically aligned perfectly in 99% of cases.	0
[NAME] saved by the very compassion in society that he is trying to destroy.	11
So then what do I do? Should I tell priests? Will they kick me out?	7
No Greece is full of poverty, I understand the confusion though 	6
I wasn't ready for the wholesomeness when I saw it.	10
They're wrong, it was due to their natural wetland habitats being degraded & drying out. 	10
I love how much [NAME] winds up the tories and just shouts over them while they protest - great speaker	0
Thanks for finding out! That's cool	15
oh thats a good one ;)	0
Loved that shithole base! (not being sarcastic)	18
That's interesting. As an orthodox [NAME], I woulda either kept using the offending term or avoided the name altogether as you suggest.	7
Another episode of idiots with guns	3
"No, it was believed that the baby absorbed maternal traits because the mother was the ""soil"" the ""seed"" grew in. "	10
It continually amazes me how many people don't understand this.	26
She took the fucking kids, huh?	2
> Thank you president [NAME] for providing us with meme material that will last a week! I think you mean 5 more years.	15
Brain dead clearance. Honestly deserved lead. They have been better.	0
[NAME] giving us an iconic HUH! HUH! I'm acting moment LMAO.	1
I really don't like the way she says zombie. It sounds like she tryed to fill up space.	10
Do you not feel that there are numerous legitimate complaints about the CCP as well as quality of life in China?	7
Did you know the origin the first time? I don’t find it very funny in the absence of knowing that.	7
I um like your username	18
Oh, I haven't see you since my accident that I had when I fell- I fell into the pool of acid, eyes first. 	22
"Who the fuck reads news *papers* anymore? Baby boomers. This kind of crap is totally written by a ""journalist"" in need of a safe place."	2
AYY! Anti-Semitism! Didn't expect that from AnCaps, but I'm not surprised.	9
That’s good to know- thank you!	15
This hurts to watch	25
Lol thats Why i lose my Games cuz i Play with bots like you. Do the World a favor and go back too minecraft Lol	9
After hearing weights drop - I can't imagine they're that good for the floor....	26
Stargazing with Vi is definitely my favorite moment of the season so far	18
First of all, that's not true in any sense of the terms. Second of all, I'm not a national socialist lmao	10
Thanks! I’m only traveling for a week So I will for sure have less than 30g.	15
Plus the idea of a choose your own adventure movie is absolutely exciting and brings more chances to go back through	13
Congratulations to your organization for having good management.	0
[RELIGION] is what produces these people, there are plenty of them and a beheading has even occured in the streets of LONDON.	25
Shame about him killing [NAME] on camera.	12
> I didn't know that. That's a perfect solution. Thank you!!	15
She must have a very boring life	25
You can't compare general economic losses to tax funded expenditures. It would only be fair if we lost 5 billion in tax revenue.	10
I wish this had sound so I could hear the crowd roaring in the background. This is so wholesome. Look how excited he gets.	8
Damn that sucks did you get a tip at least?	3
While I agree, that doesn't necessarily means we should take those 3 in the first 3 rounds. It really depends on the players available. 	4
Yes it does	4
you have captured their ugliness perfectly . GREAT JOB	0
What should be the campaign is telling people that just because you find a child beautiful/pretty, it doesn't mean you're sexually attracted. 	10
Assassins Creed Odyssey is awesome, as well as Shadow of War. Both great adventure games.	0
Wimbledon’s instagram posted about [NAME] and his relationship with the Open and I ended up crying. Not ready for him to hang it up	25
Cancel as soon as you can it’s far more enjoyable!!!!	17
That sounds like a lovely time :D	18
I feel fantastic	13
Good idea, thanks	15
The fucking worst game in the world.	2
I would love to find a like minded boyfriend but I given up on that already...	18
I got mine a few months ago and honestly apprehensive to wear it out to a game in fear of staining it.	14
Good luck my tw broskies :(	5
[NAME] a fucking creeper. Doesn't he have some weird ass relationship with that 14 year old girl from Stranger Things?	3
No he’s played his first season at center then finished as the starter at right tackle for every year after.	22
Why “cover the name” if you can literally see it right after lol	1
Well that sucks. The disconnect reconnect and keeping your bloodpoints I mean. The accidental vs purposeful disconnect seems fair.	3
You are nervous. Just focus on the other stuff my dude.	5
Cheers, I will do 	17
I switched to Ally and love it. 2.2% interest is awesome	17
I love it when cats go all airplane ears	18
Sorry then?	24
"I like the ""filler"" episodes, believe it or not. I actually get bored by the battles "	4
Please just tell me [NAME] is in the top four	20
Awesome! You got this!	0
Cool have fun	17
"Links above suggest a ""polio-like"" outbreak occurred. Perhaps on this issue like many others she is a bit confused. "	6
People keep giving serious arguments but you keep replying “but mah happiness” Not worth it to lose time arguing with the likes of you	3
And when the 4th Quarter needed it most, it vanished!	26
These people seen so much in their lifetimes. So much wisdom in one pic	0
My favourite series are House Party and A Way Out. The Sonic comics episode is a golden too.	0
If you are as ugly as you say you are, you're already a statistical outlier.	11
What have I watched ?! My eyes!!! Mom!!!	26
Not my text lol? Im sorry dude your a weirdo and the downvotes have demonstrated that lol	1
Yeah those glimpses of the person I fell in love with too but unfortunately the glimpses are not enough which hurts :/	25
Oh man. GOOD one.	0
How disgusting. Those vile people can burn in hell!	11
im alright my dude, didn’t realize how dark this was i might take it down	22
I know she's literally only just been revealed, but I *love* the name [NAME]	18
Following ya for updates. I hope they catch them soon!	20
Great way to clarify! That's the whole point of talking about nebulous stuff like this.	4
Hey congrats man, you passed your limits, now keep on going Tekken only gets more fun the better you get	0
Pointless but fun	17
I wish this was on Betfair, I'd quite enjoy making some money from Remainers.	8
Okay but beware of top experts. You know what you need and what's right.	5
Now you’re reddit staking me? Don’t comment on my stuff dude.. gtfoh	3
Yea it's a tricky one, we need more buttons!! 	4
What's worse is using self destruct without the pilot DLC. You just die :(	11
Bro he has always been a bully in the community. He is a pseudo scientist.	3
don’t doubt us, we really love [NAME]	18
"Yeah, I'm happy to help an actual friend in need, but not some distant acquaintance ""friend""."	5
Hi let’s not compare basketball to the man speaking out against a dictator and fearing for his life because of it thank you	15
Wow he is very gifted! I hope he continues to freeze more buffalos!	0
[NAME], I forgot about that. Eight seconds was more than long enough to murder everybody in sight.	22
I can see that. Ffs who the hell would expect a Dean to recognize 2 people out of 25,000 people lol.	1
Well you’ll have a lot more fun for these matchups. Can’t say much for the rest of the season	1
Wow. So I figure you two are both at least considerably older than me (24) and ...wow his response	26
> i dont want people to have bad lifes. Exactly, but apparently many people not only admit this but gloat about it.	10
Thank you :)	15
Such a disappointment	9
I miss him...	25
Appreciate the love! Maybe during the offseason, for sure! I'll pass it along	4
">""tanned"" Thank you BBC, very cool!"	15
Dogs are so dumb sometimes but always so good :) I love dem dumb ones	18
Good luck with that!	20
"I don't filter it out because I enjoy my daily cringe from the constant open letters. ""To the ____ who ____"""	17
[NAME] was their best player	0
I didnt realize belgium was behind on climate change.	22
[NAME] stated that Ethtrader polls will be used for important community decisions. So I can see people trying to buy influence through Donuts in these decisions.	4
[NAME] thank you. Someone with a rational mind.	15
The wolves have been bad for so long that I actually did completely give up watching basketball.	9
Absolutely true. Sit down to pee at home, the splashback is real. Especially if you're tall. 	4
im here for blood only whether it comes via hostage situation or police chase. a peaceful ending doesnt do it for me anymore	10
"Thank you. I will try to learn fron these. So far i only have read ""models"" and some advices on net."	15
I bawled my eyes out, my best girl. 	0
that's awesome!	0
Happy cake day !	17
Ahhh yes, the I can be making close to 6 figures job that no one will ever disclose. Highly doubt it bro. 	6
That sucks. But you can find another SO. You can't unhave a kid.	9
That's because he played the end of the game when they were feeding [NAME] with no results.	4
Everyone makes the NREMT test sound like the devil. It really isn't that bad.	10
If only I could bake a cake...or do anything productive when I'm feeling low confidence. I just lay in my bed and stop moving.	20
General malaise is a favourite. I get a lot of general malaise.	18
As much as I would love this kind of support, I had beef with people over EVERYTHING	20
Feeling this so hard right now. Virtual hug.	17
It still seems dangerous	14
Maybe it's better to start telling the truth and start actually being a father.	22
Excuse you, rice is the best food. Rice is love, rice is life.	0
Tell her to stop being so fat, then. Edit: /s	3
[NAME] damn it	2
FUCKING DIN!!!	2
Sounds like how I brought in the new year. 3 arguments and counting.... thank [NAME] there is work tomorrow	15
This genuinely made me angry. He and his sociopath of a wife deserve each other.	2
Edited : Sorry meant to reply to a post	24
We all saw it, my American friend. Now go and fix your government.	3
I don’t know why but I watch that and just imagine how red barbecue [NAME] would get [NAME] belt out some of those notes	6
My thoughts exactly, now im laughing at the people responding to the headline	1
I'm working on it. But there is always the fear lurking around....	14
Bruh cake happy day	15
I mean, is that really a guilty pleasure? It sounds like the coolest thing I have ever heard. 	4
He happily accepts the hugs. He hugs me now and again. He also has no problem accepting hugs from his mum.	17
this is a GANGSTER-ASS revelation!!!!. thanks mr. [NAME]!	15
That motto is awesome!	0
Generally, yes. That doesn’t make being attractive necessary criteria for being successful and it doesn’t detract from any of your positive qualities	4
Oh recently I’ve started working out and concentrating on myself. Has helped improved my mental strength as well as physical. I feel ready for anything.	5
My stress levels are really too high. Let Tuesday bring some good news...	20
Even a Ford dealer? Thanks for responding, I'll likely sell it privately.	15
Haha, small world, I live/work in the Twin Cities already! 😂	1
oh my [NAME]	26
At 45 I'm the youngest in my run of terraces by at least 15 years ago I can see how that would be disturbing.	22
Wow, I’m going to have to remember this one...	26
"The ""richest"" country in the worlds royal palace banquet hall filled with cheap mass produced junk food and they love it."	18
My favourite goes back to one of the first battles ever on YouTube:	17
You've been able to survive going in between tracks on multiple games in the franchise. I've always done it lol	1
Thx! Keep waiting for her to take over and say NERF THIS	15
That they wield to great effect to tell *you* why you’re crazy and how it’s totally not their fault	10
Is this a joke..?	6
Pensacola Florida 2018 not enough words to describe it. Simply amazing.	0
shut your deregulating lying mouth bill	2
That's a cute little theory	0
But what if that's the only job I would enjoy?	17
Wolf does have a pretty nice ass in ssbu	0
just awful I'm gonna throw a barbeque to get back at them	11
But did you see my friend sent me a picture of [NAME] trying to tell me he's having a baby	7
I was just thinking how normal his legs and feet look!	22
I hate when people down vote to hell when someone has a different (yet valid) opinion	3
Sad truth is you cant run away from who you are no matter how hard you try :(	25
[NAME] and [NAME] not being signed yet is getting on my nerves, am i alone in that?	7
To each their own. I enjoy it for what it is	17
There is irony in what you guys are saying.	10
The titles of her posts are somewhat dramatic and I have avoided her because of that	3
Kind of upsets me that people are so willing to just throw out some wild, baseless accusation like this for karma. 	9
My parents are going to kill me when they find out.	14
thanks for the warning :)	15
You're a tenant if you lived there for months and that was an unlawful eviction.	10
Being alone isn't the problem. Being **forever** alone is the problem.	9
Yay, cold McDonald's. My favorite.	18
Yeah lets celebrate that only one guy (well maybe put dirk and [NAME] up with him) has come to play.	17
Excellent game tonight, let's get a new win streak going on this road trip!	0
Too late, you read it anyways. Ban me if you don't want to read more. Lmao!! 	1
That’s [NAME]. One of the most famous and richest criminal defense attorneys in the world.	0
Luckily he is not.	17
Sorry, girl. You deserve better.	22
Outdoor cats have a lifespan of about 5 years so allowing them outside is basically a prolonged death sentence.	25
Good riddance. [NAME] needs to focus on a healthier mindset and lifestyle (not extreme veganism) and find some happiness.	0
I'm yet to see the 2nd protect the rest of the constitution.	20
Hopes we all get so sick of his messages we'll vote for him to outlaw them. Courageous strategy Mr [NAME]	20
I love Ashtray	18
Who cares, most people will be on their phone anyways.	3
I hope Dallas gets close and loses in heartbreak.	9
good guy kawhi	0
That's not fickle. That's insane and delusional. It's not some cute little quirk. It's a disconnect with reality.	10
The joke is that people still do this, so it is humorous that you are implying it's a thing of the past.	1
Tears of happiness rolls down the eyes	17
Wouldn't the bully be the Polygon employee?	7
It took me way too long to realize that was a claw and not just a smashy thing.	22
Police can amend docs, they can’t change them. Even if it’s a name	4
This is infuriating but what’s also infuriating is missing all of our chances and players being constantly in offsides positions	2
You think her being a [NAME] is the reason for the hatred? Really?	7
How do you know all this? It’s interesting and true and I’m curious how you know?	7
I just have never found that area very attractive. Also from what I understand there is a lot of contaminated burial sites around there.	10
That, plus they also store our info insecurely so it leaks out. Just another part of this dumb economics game I guess...	3
100% communication with an NT is awesome!	0
Looks like the next level of a horror character	14
I hate to say this but I love the drama around this all.... idk. My life is boring	2
his talk show is pretty great	0
What are you apologizing for? Vent bro, that’s why we are here	7
Reality: someone sees a pet outside and thinks it doesn't have a home, so they adopt it.	5
I love you tooooo!!	18
"""If you don't support no go zones, you are racist!"""	2
me as fuck	9
Makes me glad I'm almost 50, and all this is stuff I will never ever experience, and frankly can hardly fathom.	15
Great hand eye coordination and speed. Reads the plays in the D zone very well.	0
[NAME] and Resident Evil Biohazard, great afternoon.	0
At least there’s still more likes than dislikes	4
Let me calm you down a bit:	5
I love [NAME].	18
what a stupid opinion	3
Maybe hes changed i did when she left?	7
Here, you are among friends. I wish we all could meet you in real life and surround you with smiles and hugs. Are you in Utah? 	8
[NAME] gotta fix his free throws this is ridiculous	3
I guess I’ll stay friends with her. Heck I’m a guy I can take a hit if she wouldn’t date	20
Her comments are disgusting. Reminds me of my mother. I'm so sorry.	11
The ending was awesome	0
Heels are fucking hot. Do you like the crop used on you, him, or both?	6
Obviously he has not adhered to his promises, however what I noticed is this is basically the same message that [NAME] had.	9
Long straight hair on the face is going to look quite odd I would guess.	11
Ah got it. Sounds like most CW shows (Smallville)..thanks for the heads up :)	15
I’d go at [NAME] every possession. He is so tired out there	5
Hooray! ...But I'll still never be able to afford a home.	25
Appreciate the reply, I'll look into these. Thank you!	15
[NAME] looked like he was having a heart attack the entire game... welcome to the madhouse lol	1
Did no one else notice your stroke?	6
Mrs.Frizzle has found herself on hard times.	25
MAD JOKE!	1
You were used as a weapon to inflict pain on your father. Glad you reconnected and found a good parent.	17
I’m glad you did	17
[NAME] said it best. Un-fuckin-believable bro	11
Gotta love jetpacking.	18
Before the ~~Empire~~ MousePire. ooo ooo Mouse Pyre ! lol	1
I think so. It’s one of my favorite [NAME] characters and a fun trilogy. At that price point I think it’s really worth it	0
Glad I could help!	20
It better not as I only bought the bloody thing last week! Sorry, guess i'm still in shock from the kettle dying.	24
Your welcome. Hope it all gets better.	15
> a new release is imminent. Hahahaha	1
Like I said, most loved and most hated for now. We'll all get over it eventually. 	18
I'd love to hear a man explain why men do this	18
Sorry man, losing the championship after picking him up this year is a tough break	24
All good... I work alone. Thanks for the info!	15
Thank you !	15
Yeah she looks like a real [NAME]!	0
You really are this stupid aren’t you? Whatever buddy I don’t argue spastics.	10
Did they film Breaking Bad outside this home??	7
Grey socks and leather sandals, that hurts me through the screen.	25
You are so right. Reddit response of reading only the first few words. It's been a long damn week. My apologies.	24
You guys are so cute together! Good luck with the de-stressing!	20
"I can hear [NAME] now: ""Why don't I have a mic why don't I have a mic FUCK I need a mic"""	2
LOL how can anyone trust you when you pretend that you voted for [NAME] when your clearly racist against blacks. Your user name is strictly a lie.	1
Was there ever a PPV main event with [NAME] vs [NAME]?	7
Yeah Stupid Sexy groening	3
For as long as she’s been gone, I’m terrified to think why she was kept alive that long.	14
According to BluePundit you should delete that if you care about upvotes, lol.	1
Bishop [NAME] was talking about lawmakers rather than the women who seek abortions. Though the situation doesn't matter when it comes to dismembering a baby.	10
"Sports obsessions are basically religion to some people. And those same people make fun of the ""geeks"" at Comic Con... ERROR 404: Logic not found."	1
Just did that. He ignored me and didn't respond.	9
I did this a couple years back. Daily binged on Simpsons. So Good.	0
Eh I work oilfield so my sample of peoples opinions is probably pretty skewed. Still super embarrassing knowing this many people are so ignorant.	12
Style of play is overrated. We spent half of the season sticking to a style of play. We should play what gives wins.	4
Do you think the nude selfies story that came out a few weeks ago was about [NAME]? I do.	7
On the other hand, I'm pretty sure the Phoenix VA is actively trying to kill me lol.	1
I agree with you here but I don't see how he is a sexist?	6
Love me some Clash	18
Both consenting adults so nope not creepy	14
correct me if i’m wrong but when [NAME] eliminates [NAME], she technically has a better track record than [NAME]?? i’ll fucking cry	25
[NAME] is actually a terrible player	10
I want 10 - 0. This organization deserves the embarrassment.	12
Omg the hockey god’s actually helped us !?	26
[NAME] damn it I'm so tired of seeing Instagram between fights	3
We smart apes	0
Thank you. I’ve got till next week to find out then :)	15
No you don't, you love lies and liars. 	10
I tried at a joke that relates to the post...	1
The arch is so cool. I love St Louis	18
Wish you could choose to just have two bottles of the Pinot Grigio.	8
I wonder how many tries it took to get the spacing right	26
Old Firm game also on the same day. Media won't care about the rugby.	3
[NAME] was the 4th best RB in the game, behind [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME]	1
Sorry to say it, but you will have to do that for now It sucks 	24
Idk, I just need someone who cares but I always lose everyone and I’m sick of trying to be good enough.	9
Yes!!!!! THIS!!	13
Great job, now let's get two points.	0
We look like Hawks at this time. Good old days	22
was i replying to you, you fucking degenerate? off yourself ( in game ofc )	2
Did you look at the picture that spurred this entire conversation, genius? 	0
Happy cake day!	17
Thanks, bud!	15
disappointing click of the day	9
"You're saying some surprisingly stupid things for someone named ""[NAME]."""	26
Then you realize it actually is the only way to feeling better, except having one or no friends make it tough.	22
I love HBK, but he never pulled these crazy spots off.	18
You’re right, my bad	4
You’re right. My biggest pet peeve is the lights, it washes out all the colors and textures, I hate that BGs use them	4
When that intro drops I get so into it and scare my cat	14
That is the end-all and be-all of the situation. if you feel upset or insecure you should definitely be creeped out as he's doing it.	5
If your dog is an arctic breed they will go crazy with joy and be sad that you don’t share in their happiness for the bitter cold.	17
Actually I love cooking and good burgers but if I don't love **you**, you'll have to pay me to make one.	18
Y'all ever try to ride a scooter with one hand before? Shit was dangerous.	7
Mom will get sad. [NAME] still good. Hanging out with friends still good. Money buying foodie exp is still good.	25
I love it when people have a background in STEM and the arts and manage to pursue both!	18
Watch the ignorance of a variety of topics manifest itself as word diarrhea just falling out of her dumb mouth.	3
Were minor children part of the divorce?	7
Thanks for cheering me up!?	15
oh got it😂😂😂😂	1
What I know is you seem perfectly comfortable being a hypocrite but utterly outraged at the idea of admitting to it.	2
Thanks for this!	15
Thanks <3	15
Lol! Great question	0
[NAME] always looks like he just got handed a test and he realized he studied all the wrong material.	22
For the night is dark and full of terrors!	14
"Can you update this 20th century ""meme""? I thought millenials were the ""entitled"" generation. "	7
Dont keep your mouth shut.	2
[NAME] damn what a comeback. I love this teams fight.	18
ahhh sorry its late and bourbon fuzz has set in. thanks for the fast reply !!!!	15
This is the technically correct answer, but it still sucks considering how much of society rides on women managing their menstrual cycles.	4
You wash your hands with hand sanitizer? 🤔	7
Is that proving Jewishness for Halakha or for the [RELIGION] Agency?	7
A fuckin men	11
I love the guy but can't see this working out well. That being said if he plays as the furthest forward of the midfield 3- who knows.	18
thank you so much please subscribe	15
And it tastes great because it was chilling in my refrigerator	0
Miami is supposed to have beautiful people, but these camera shots of the crowd sure as hell aren't showing them.	9
I think I had that thought years ago, but then I heard they were making a third trailer park boys movie, so I wanted to see that. 	4
[NAME] is promised a valyrian steel sword by daenerys, which one will he get? 	7
This is why I love baseball	18
Such a sad, angry person. Take a break from reddit and go take up cycling or something.	2
Thank you so much for your kind words, I didn’t think anyone would take the effort. 	15
How cool is it?!?!	7
Thanks man. We had a taste of the storm Thursday. In South Central PA, we are all ready for the shit to fall.	15
🤣that is so cool	0
Phoenix and Orlando are teams I hear sniffing around [NAME] in free agency. Both make sense.	4
interesting, I'd like to see more about this (when available of course)	13
Terrible... children are innocent and precious. This is so barbaric.	2
Wow Donkey must be smaller than I remember	1
Thank you! It makes so much more sense	15
This is painfully fake	25
I dunno...it was used for a meme and it's very fun to look at	1
*and, sorry for the spelling mistake	24
Ahhh makes sense. They were being sarcastic but it went over my head haha. Thank you.	15
I'm sorry OP but this is all on you. Your parents played you like a $4000 fiddle.	25
They used the most terrible M form as well. Easily confused with an arc...	6
Seconded. 8 years and I never reached the final castle.	9
i cant i have asthma	10
[NAME]: I have a plan. Me: You’ve always got a damn plan ̶D̶u̶t̶c̶h̶ [NAME].	3
Do you have any hobbies? Potential hobbies that you're interested in?	7
Amazing. You will defend [NAME] no matter what huh?	0
[NAME] can stuff it, but I’ll take the disengagement from the Administration for what it is.	4
Probably. Government contracts are already terrible as they rarely pay on time	14
Does anyone have the quote in context (video or audio)? Based on the amount of Bigoteering going on the mainstream left-leaning press I'm sceptical.	6
I must be getting old. Much more likely to be horny at 2 pm.	25
I'm just trying to raise awareness at this point because I know it's not my system in particular.	4
Lol the guy in white who just leans back and looks away when he gets [NAME] ass in his face	1
Sorry to burst your bubble but [NAME] is more popular than [NAME]	24
He insisted on a monogamous break and I agreed.	4
Am I the only one who can't get the sound to work?	7
From what I remember, a lot of the leafs fans had [NAME] from 8.5-9.25. I can’t recall someone saying 10+	10
Jajaja (hahaha)	1
When there is 1 in 20 posts that is remotely serious and it gets 20 upvotes Vs 1200 of those that memes get...	3
Weird thing, but my cat will go HAM on my earhole if I let her.	3
[NAME] dammit I love wrestling	18
:) i like it	18
That is the first positive thing I’ve ever read about NJ transit.	4
No, princess, your body works the same way as everyone else's... You are not a mystery of physics. 	5
Ehhh but as a survivor I hate noed and hex ruin why would I run them against someone else	2
Any man who won’t fight for his kids isn’t worth your time.	10
What an idiot.	2
The hair is super cool though	0
I will tell my NP he may have inspired pancakes in someone's future :)	20
This hit way too close to home. I’m suing for emotional damage.	25
Ah yes, taxes=Nazism. You [NAME] sure are a funny bunch.	1
Absolutely is, sorry. I just came by to say Howdy back until I saw all the hubbah. [NAME]. 	24
And a pretty bad [NAME] too.	10
I still rock my Casey Hampton pro bowl jersey!!	13
I was about to say the same lol.	1
Thank you sir, this has made me happy. 	15
Thank you sir	15
This is really cute	0
I wanna hug my mom dead named me waking me up for school	8
Lol for the past 2 weeks I wondered if an unpopular opinions thread should go up and I was hesitant for the same reasons. Lol mind reader sis	1
Yes I was feeling bad that hes friends left him	9
Oof that hurt	9
No need for pity! It was a happy moment. Tears of joy not sadness	17
Also why we only get two Senators per state.	6
Can we ban posts about him now he's a predator? It just makes me sad now, Idk about anyone else	25
22 years to the day. It was uncanny.	26
I finally know where [NAME] is: drunk at a train station.	22
the fuck? I would do it in a heart beat. ya'll nuts if you think [NAME] will draft any better than [NAME]	2
Stop, your hurting me!	2
That’s on Canada. Sorry but I gotta give credit where credits due	24
I believe if under 6 months you'll get it all back in the end.	20
You can't control what happens around you. You can only control how you react to it.	4
Seriously! I'm on Xbox and all my crew and we have never had an issue!	3
But it literally had. Her name on it. Kids are so fucking stupid.	3
Very good! Now run along little boy. Shew! Fft!	0
Thanks. I though it was fooling a penquin.	15
Good luck going to jail.	3
Lmao. Thank God [NAME] lost and [NAME] crushed the souls of these lunatics in 2016	15
But was he wrong though?	6
Thank you so much! Having these few subs for the quality videos he's creating makes the channel a hidden gem.	15
She liked the picture too so it’s even better. Like she really does not give a shit hahaha	1
Wow, *only* 7 exes. You are definitely FA.	26
Cruelty free for animals anyway. 🤦	4
The truly sad thing is she's getting burned to legitimize Russiagate. It's a shame she wasn't a legit whistleblower.	25
"""While we've decided not to hire you for this postion mr. [NAME], we have an opening at the ticket window"""	24
What's up, man? I'm new to this but I will try my best 	4
West Hartford, CT. Unfortunately it's not religious. Thank you for the response.	15
I eat crayons I shit crayons	11
I mainly play EDH. Did try standard at one point as well but lost interest	9
[NAME] is for real. This is gonna be his league in a few years imo. Great pick.	0
Eh, that can happen anywhere. It isn't exclusive to Dallas where that stuff happens. Good luck tho.	4
not having periods for sure	4
Ugh, I want to have his baby too...	8
I did not know Donuts could be so complicated.	26
A surprise to no one. Absolute stud.	0
Man, I can’t wait to buy cannabis from [NAME].	13
The more you wind me up the worse it gets for her later on	11
Sadly, it looks like there are a ton of [NAME] in this sub	25
What the hell. Poor [NAME]. Poor you. Wow.	26
I miss [NAME]	9
This is so aesthetically pleasing. Wow. And yum!	26
There has been a lot of talk about being so open about it was her problem more than actually doing it. I'd call that defending her actions.	22
Never let a fact get in the way of a bad argument apparently.	10
"""okay honey, either this is gonna fix my back problems or we're calling 911"""	4
i would not want to be they guy operating the reloader while 2000RPM of 30mm shells are firing	10
That first picture perfectly depicts the epitome of a punchable face.	4
Wrong. You tried to use a WW2 example and it backfired on you.	10
The Internet is a weird place.	11
Not trolling. Anger issues. I'm sorry for previous comments.	22
GIVE ME OTHER PEOPLES MONEY!!!!!	2
I think you responded to the wrong comment.	22
Watson is a great dog name! I think you just named my next dog!	0
Unfortunately for me you have to be 23 or older to drive for TMC	9
No stop. One Red and yellow team had to be sacrificed for the fortunes of the other. I’m sorry	25
Harsh, but true	4
> so I would never say that to someone *To* someone, or *about* someone?	22
I actually laughed my ass off so hard i had tears. Well done creator!!	0
[NAME] Wednesday’s 😎 Good to know he’s enjoying the retirement life. 	17
Yep - did so for Jane the Virgin and Lost.	4
Sorry !! You’re real good at that!!	0
It was a nice one too! GO AHEAD [NAME], SLAP THAT HAM!	4
Soooooo Florida?	7
When I went on a first date I only took like 2 bite of my food. Felt pretty bad	9
Cus the left doesn't give a shit about people who fought for the USA!	15
Those other countries clearly exploited to shit? Dats cuz it's not mah [NAME]. -You with your big brain logic.	3
picked up a desk at a great price here. They have a good selection of furniture.	0
Don’t ever play poker! Lol	10
You know better. People will just ignore this and move on to their next talking point.	3
That’s gonna be a no from me, [NAME]!	10
Sure. We can back another vote if it's found out that remain was illegally funded by [NAME], constantly lied.	4
No! but they seem awesome!	0
I’m all for this, but is anyone staying in these hotels? 	7
I don’t fucking care	2
Maybe we’ve been mishearing the word ‘starch’ as ‘staunch’	22
I want to date that guy (platonic date). He’s big and could give great hugs.	8
Yes, this! You are too young to wasting your time with this. 	4
I live in a valley so it's effectively earlier than that for me.	4
What is it that you are posting twice all over the internet again?	7
Yea we’re actually pretty efficient on offense considering our personnel. Way better than I expected. The defense is just historically bad	9
Idk why you're surprised. [NAME] and [NAME] had identical philosophies. It's why the offense didn't change when he came back.	26
I'm sorry Mom, your child has autism, or this is a lie.	24
Same. Sometimes when people ask me the number to something I sing this to them and only get confused looks :(	6
That actually looks so fire	0
I have a moronphobia. I'm going to need to ask you to step away as I have an irrational fear and distaste of you.	14
Haven't listened to today's podcast yet, who did [NAME] kill?	7
Oh they can make numbers up too , good idea. Astroturfing starwars, this is the worst timeline.	0
I met her once and she ended up falling for me.	18
Wow random irrelevant internet person has the secret goods on [NAME]. Maybe we’ll finally get to the bottom of this birth certificate thing...	26
WHAT. It says due date 12/31/18. Did she have the kid yet? Oh [NAME] I feel so bad for her and that child...... nooooooo	25
And here I am, with no promotion after 3 years. Anyways, congrats for yours.	9
* Fuck [NAME] * Yes	2
No, of course, no one has ever had his best axedwarve decapitated in the first goblin fight.	10
Here’s hoping this ends soon lol	1
Right but even without the FPTA surely we could have found ourselves in the same situation from a legal perspective?	7
I wish that show would come back	8
Lol too funny	1
Can’t wait to try this out	13
I'll try to stay patient.	20
What do you mean strap around the bulls nuts?!,!? Sorry not into rodeo things 	24
I was, and it's not. He's mad that someone posts articles he disagrees with. Pathetic and his fury is deranged 	2
Facebook is currently under fire for allegedly inflating their user base statistics by up to 50%. I'm not surprised they are having issues tracking money.	22
I went to the exhibit in Chicago some years ago. It’s absolutely stunning	0
Hey- that's where I play tennis! No slapshots, pls.	10
I actually currently have a girlfriend and I love her. It's just that those past situations gave me trust issues for life I guess.	18
Coming from [NAME] even though it’s a hypothetical question it’s still gotta feel scary	14
Love it yeet	18
You’re looking at clocking out of work two hours after you should have been finished, lol.	1
"Maybe it needs to be ""Hall of Shame"" instead of a museum."	10
I'm curious, what words were used? I cannot for the life of me conjure up the Hindi sentence for this in my brain	7
Thanks very much. This is helpful	15
Lol religion is a crazy thing	1
well there is something you cant say on this sub consider this strike 1	10
That as absolutely insane.	3
Exactly hate when people try to spit facts when they don’t know if those facts are even right😂😂	2
I think it's even sadder to go through someone's Reddit account looking for stuff like this to post.	25
And [NAME] should go sell his wife's ketchup. He's good for nothing else besides selling out our country.	10
I don’t think anyone will miss me either aha	25
Their numbers seem large because they get so much publicity. But I suspect that even most young people find that ludicrous.	11
It's the worst when it's something you are passionate about	11
Yeah I mentioned this route and how we won because the other teams kept wasting chances.	4
Thank you.	15
The poor car.	25
why arent they all laying on the floor???	6
So happy for you, enjoy 	17
That’s why I called them Turd Gen, haha. Getting a High Country/Denali with the 6.2 to replace it. 	1
wow that's dark	13
My t levels are normal. Doctor thinks its my low carb diet but I dont buy that	10
Ur a dumbass	3
How to instantly look 20 years younger!	13
Sorry to be the bearer of bad news	24
oh, that's nice. welcome everyone!	15
Oh [NAME] how awful	11
Thanks [NAME], very cool.	15
I love PnR	18
I love polo shirts	18
Wow 😮 you really convinced me... like gtfo here	26
That does help a bit, thanks.	15
Damnit - I'm blind. It's 6am here - I should really go to sleep, but I want to see what happens next.	9
NCAA is a poor barometer for scoring. [NAME] was leading scorer in all NCAA for like 3 years running. Not even sure he got drafted.	9
I love how someone put a laughing emoji on that.	18
Ooh! Ooh! I want to lose more than 5-10 vanity pounds! (...wink wink)	13
Like always i will wait and see thanks for the post tho [NAME]	15
Don't see it at all, but she's cute with the freckles	0
It is not selfish to end a relationship that is causing you great stress and you feel is over despite loving them.	5
Same can be said for fragile liberals who can't handle cultural traditions and keep trying to push the envelope.	4
I can’t believe that’s real	26
B, I dont frink coffee anyways 	10
Faceee, you see all those models, be it plus sized, underweight or fit, all have one thing in common , good facial features	0
Oi he got stabbed in the eye	25
Reason number 1523648856 PFF is trash no one should take seriously	3
I'm happy however those two don't get a ring. Would be overjoyed if it was at the hands of [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME].	17
Ever since I could squat, deadlift, and bench more than my father he never questioned my decision. haha	1
It's only 5 mins, but I hope this is the one. Sorry that happened to you friend.	24
But everybody got mad when Russia recognized [NAME] as US president. Go figure.	2
This is why I love Reddit.	18
I love the sense of humor on this sub. It gets me.	0
I’m so sorry. <3	24
Hot damn.	0
I mean he's still not wrong. A traitor did bring out the worst in him then.	4
She liked the bumper sticker so much she decided to get it for herself	18
So true it hurts.	25
I love snow! It means snow days!	18
this video made me feel like screaming	14
Honestly acid is fun with 4-6 friends and shrooms is fun with 1-3 friends	1
i didnt realize i was avoiding a question. i am afraid to talk to cops to be honest. even my own mother doesnt know what i saw	14
It looks like Livonia flipped light blue as well? That’s pretty impressive.	0
I’m in the same boat with anthropology. 8 months post graduation. Still no job prospects. Glad I’m not alone	15
My misunderstanding, I thought you were questioning why people thought we needed a change.	24
>It's always possible they will bring back an older villain that is behind [NAME] Ah yes. I can't wait for the [NAME] 3.0/Snoke 2.0	13
That makes sense, thanks	15
I laughed at this 4 years ago.	1
She was carrying all my burdens >:((	25
I was just about to comment this. Do people think throwing an lol at the end of everything will just make it fine and dandy. Ridiculous lol.	1
How dare u/Reijka92 disrespect [NAME] like that!	2
Who exactly are their ‘volunteers’? The IRA?	7
You bomb them and they come your way 'cause you're a real winner!/s	0
True but stranger things have happened.	4
I feel for you (at a title 1 middle school in lausd) I had a tough day today and reading this made me feel a little better ✊🏼	4
Never seen this. Thank you for sharing	15
This guy is a hack lmao	1
Yes, we no longer have the necessity to eat animal products. Thus the only difference is pleasure.	22
I think [NAME] has a pretty unconventional face, also [NAME]	0
I love when the subreddit shows [NAME] some love! We have so many people that keep an ear to the ground for quality [NAME] content.	18
I just want the last couple [NAME] nerfs rolled back, she's still good but not as fun. 	8
$9?! Yeah you git ripped off, hope you kept the receipt pal r/sarcasm	20
Entire new coaching philosophy is needed. Enough wasted possessions, contested iso mid-range jumpers with 15 seconds left on the shot clock and terrible 3pt defense.	4
Why would there be? HOTS heroes always have been and always will be BLIZZARD heroes, not Activision	7
My bf uses profanity, and I don't care. There's no reason for misogyny though.	10
thank you, i dont get whats so hard to come to such an easy solution honestly	15
We're going to return to [NAME] and [NAME] being bffs again and talking shit about [NAME] or some other random shit.	3
Keep yourself occupied go play videogames or something that really occupies your attention	5
It is so good to hear from you. Stay safe!	5
Best! Episode! Ever! There is like a joke every 20 seconds.	17
Thank you for the correction. I'll make sure to be careful of that in the future.	15
I wouldn't volunteer a second honestly. That weather is not worth it, and neither are your coworkers.	10
Welp these were my happy tears of the days. :’)	17
Bold of you to assume just about everyone here wouldn't do this for you, you absolute gem	0
Thanks everybody!	15
Thank you!!	15
I always thought the swat was trash because I was looking at the MP TTK and only did I realise recently that MP guns and BO guns handle differently	22
Wow, I wasnt expecting that to be a real sub lol that's awesome	0
I meant to say provincial ban on smoking in it not law yet?	6
Haha, that's terrifying 	1
Yep...and they regret it. I hope you stay together!	20
Listen to it while you're sad	5
That's false	10
I'm tired i'm wasted I LOVE YOU DARLING.	18
If I haven’t told you lately...I love you and you are my hero. ❤️❤️❤️	18
Oooh that's so sweet,she sounds like a good and caring mother. Does your dad know?	0
Love this - beautiful penmanship	0
Same, actually. Funny, just saw him in a local video doing the same bit.	1
LOL men don't have feelings ;)	1
my heart melted omg [NAME]	18
This game is actually worse than I was anticipating and I knew it was gonna be bad	11
If only someone would love the septuple-PhD in the galaxy for her mind.lol	1
It's showtime!!	13
Lol what are the odds, I’m also 6ft 1in around the 160s but I’m only 16 years old though	1
I’m so sorry you are going through this. Sounds like an awful experience.	25
[NAME] has an amazing track record. I think some people forget how innovative and unpredictable the [NAME] era offense was.	0
Finally, one win for the war on drugs!	17
Agreed, if you think about the animals it's sad. If you think about zerocarbers' blood profiles it gets amusing.	4
Hi, I just fix it, I just had to clear the cookies	4
This is the most adorable thing I've been made aware of. Possibly ever. You are being super sweet.	0
Thats fine as long as the creative director is still there.... Though the talent will be missed	4
Thanks for your recommendation! My guy loves board games and those sound like they'd scratch our itches.	15
Yep... I'd vote to oust these mavericks as well!	4
She could and should pursue modeling! It seemed like every time she was on screen, my sister and I were saying how effortlessly beautiful she is!!	0
Thanks man, likewise for you	15
You've been checking in on all us 3.8 billion females? That's impressive.	0
I’m *BEGGING* that they get it right by the time [NAME] shows up.	8
If you have bo toleramce you could feel it for a day	5
i want my nuggs mom!	8
I suppose. It was just weird how they went on a NASCAR tangent for like 3 minutes lol.	11
Ya got a good life... *ya got a good life...*	17
Wait, you have friends that love you? You're gonna be okay dude. I promise. 	5
Nice try, bot!	0
Reddit culture is truly the worst.	11
After dating 2 of them, I can say I fully agree.	20
Sadly it happens randomly and I wouldn't want to lie to someone for money if the thoughts didn't appear.	25
A lawyer is not going to disclose anything to random users, you guys are delusional	10
Only thing TO know is that this motherfucker is obviously living his best birdy life and good for him. Fly high little buddy, fly high. 	2
More like trash ass link. Wtf is “Apple Music”, probably some shitty limewire ripoff.	2
> Portland seems awesome from the outside, not so much once you're there. big fax here folks	0
I've heard of alligator boots, but I always thought that meant something else.	22
Ahhhh fond memories	17
Have to stay positive! I AM getting a new job I love in the field I want to work in!	18
Yes but iy also makes complete sense that morty woild want it gone too, so i hate how he instantly assumes it was rick	2
[NAME] is a cute woman, A Shyster, but cute.	0
Sounds painful man	25
"The sound ISN'T mixed terribly like in high school kids and a nice taxidermised bear in the USA, a beautiful day!""."	0
Is that the cobbler in the background of the family portrait? This is great.	0
Yeah, right. [NAME] can marry [NAME] for that matter, as it seems only his genius is keeping her on the throne.	13
As a kid, I was way more excited to see the [NAME] truck.	13
Right? I was kind of hoping [NAME] would get to take a crack at it.	20
You're right!	4
Sub... chill... I see what you did there...	4
It's not exactly hard to keep track.	10
This probably not a good file to keep on your phone if you are accessing this from within...	3
Middle guy doesn't look to fit to me. Looks like me, too many pounds.	10
Yes, I wouldn't have said it if it weren't true lol. It's owned by InBev which is a Belgian company. 	1
my parents got engaged in the courtyard of [NAME] back in the 70s	17
I remember being three years old and feeling mortified and frustrated that my preschool teacher and classmates were freely dancing to ridiculous music.	25
No. We wouldn’t have enough room to play them all and each of them would add like 10-15 mill in luxury tax. EACH.	10
This sub is turning into r/childfree so fast. I actually love kids and want to adopt someday. I want to mod this sub smh	18
I was so scared, I thought the kid was going to backpedal into a street.	14
Hope she can do twice a week, that ought to be persuasive.	20
I would love if a double amputee walked in and have watched as they decline the poor fellar service	18
Apologies. My point still stands. A .8% lead is an insignificant majority at best. Saying one demograohic is most of the population is a bit misleading	24
Don't call this baby a jerk It just loves its humans too much	18
Thanks for sharing that info. I'll see how low I can go. Did you do a trade in?	15
I am confusion!	6
There has to be someone that loves you, you just may not see it right now. 	4
The frankness of this comment made me giggle	17
A burned hand teaches best, after that advice about fire goes to the heart.	22
Yay let’s get nice and pissed	13
I would be more offended to be served cereal on a plate.	3
I'm going to Chicago in a few months. I hear Sbarro's is great for authentic Chicago style pizza.	0
Going from [NAME] to [NAME] on the PP is like going from tenderloin to convenience store hotdogs	3
Apart from the attempted basketball pass he's been great	0
I've never decided to have just one late night drunk egg	10
Thanks! You too!	15
Your girlfriend looks so Irish! You guys are cute as fuck.	0
Hey man, as a [NAME] living part time in South Africa, I really appreciate you making a beautiful version of our flag :)	0
I love this sub so much.	18
Wow, that's incredible. I love the 4 quadrants idea! But the name of the business is so misleading...	0
I'm sad we have you at home this year. I want to make a trip to see Allianz.	25
Eh, 3. I don't know why. I told him this but he's afraid his life is ruined.	6
If it’s a one hit kill like the regular crossbow, absolutely would be a fantastic crate weapon.	4
Turn off your phone, computer or even the internet. It is scary to do but just for now when the urges hits.	14
I like it	18
This guy fucking gets it.	2
Dude take the medicine. It helps.	5
Look what time it is. It's Fuck You, It's January!	26
This is awful.	11
Can confirm, girl asked my out on a second date and my comfort levels and confidence sky rocketed	4
Good to know, thanks for response 	15
I wonder what was more painful, the stitches or the humiliation.	7
I'm convinced alcoholism is rife in Ireland because ourselves and friends are all shite craic sober. Apparently the Heineken fake beers are nice.	4
Why do the people there lose their jobs? Not doubting you, I just don't understand those rehab centers. 	6
Maybe it’s a cultural thing? That’s the way we do it in (I assume from my experience) Canada.	7
BREAKING NEWS: The new girl had to shred/chip a 6lb entire chub of Kentucky Gold ham today. Poor girl's arm ached the rest of the day.	25
So you got a more expensive burger while following the rules?	7
[NAME] it’s ok the trumpet player can’t hurt you anymore	5
almost every single time i have a friend from out of state visit, they make a comment about how bumpy our roads are	10
get your ass to mars!	3
Ty. I confessed and they are being very nice to me. My kids are safe and me going to therapy is a plus now.	15
The lack of teabags is the only emergency here. You thwarted an attack on your child.	10
Looks fun up there	1
Thanks, came here for this	15
Congratulations! :)	0
Ah man great memories .. campaigns were soo memorable	0
Absolutely. That was an amazing set of games. Didn’t miss a beat	0
i love casual racism	18
Seeing as how someone was raping her, it doesn't surprise me that much that the facility would be so negligent that they wouldn't notice the pregnancy.	9
But if [NAME] wins... well, things might change.	20
I wish my nickname was [NAME]	8
Scotland aren’t the best team to compare against. On their day the could debatably beat NZ on a bad day they lose to America	25
Love hearing stories like this. [NAME] holy Priests are such a gift. We must always give thanks and pray for them.	15
thank you!!	15
"I think you missed a ""ba"""	9
How is recognizing a sovereign country as a country hate?	7
Go for it, it will be a new experience it may not go good but you'll learn someway 	4
Sounds like some people could just be a bit confused and maybe not been to a drive thru before	22
i didn't know this could happen.	22
Glad to see [NAME] are finally admitting they are babies who are unable to take care of themselves.	17
That's incredible. There was 3000 last I checked just over 2 years ago.	0
You’re braver than me, thank you for your service O7	15
What will you gain from it	7
No but I will now. Thanks!	15
Wow you just disregarded his entire comment.	10
Yet, here we are, a whole sub full of people who seem interested in the stupid things incels say and do... 🤔 /s	3
Reddit hates women.	3
MTV loves Indiana	18
Not about my first name but I'm gonna change my last name.	4
Nope, try to keep up.	5
That’s another unfair accusation. I spent a lot of time trying to reach an understanding with you.	10
Her Twitter checks also clearly a fucking idiot.	2
Thank you for understanding. We don't want to be mean, but the rules must be enforced at all levels for all participants. Good luck with your endeavors!	15
How exciting.	13
Thank you. It happened suddenly. Near the end of the game.	15
So cool! Me and my sissy got the same but on our arms! On twitter!	17
I don't think this makes much sense for Sacramento.	10
I wonder what he's listening to...	7
What the fuckkkkk burn itt	2
Ah man this video has everything, drama, action, a tiddy poppin out	0
Excited for you guys to be there see you there [NAME]!	13
I live in Northern Ontario too, but damn that sounds rough. Where were you from?	7
Definitely my favorite reliever after Mo. loved his attitude and competitiveness.	18
Sorry, should've mentioned... 	24
Why aren’t you using dark mode	7
No worries. Just giving you a hard time!	5
I considered becoming a teacher, but then I considered the little bastards would eat me alive.	10
Wow, after the past 2 seasons that seems like it was like 6 years ago.	13
Then the argument is entirely wrong. Democratic socialist are not communists. Conservatives aren't fascists.	10
The best part about this is that everyone was trolled from Fox to the Mary Shitbag	1
I'm so sorry	25
LOL to your family	1
I’ll take one [NAME] please	8
Fortnite is not a good game anymore smh my head	10
I hope he’s a hit for the contract he got. Looking forward to seeing him.	20
1.0mg is a high dose. My husband is an insomniac and can't take that dose without nightmares.	5
Is everybody forgetting that bills need to be signed by the president to become law, or get 2/3rds support in both chambers if not?	7
Ehhh I don’t know, I still find it kind of cringey with the “[NAME]” talk and all that stuff.	12
You deserve this	4
Had a stroke reading these.	26
Citation found, dumbass.	3
Welcome to The World of... Mobile MMOs. Where power can be yours, for a price.	17
I like [NAME] but she fucking sucks right now for the all star game haha.	1
>She was very normal LMAO This got me	1
At least the ice didnt break	23
As fun as that sounds, please just call the police.	1
How the hell do you get downvoted for a submission statement on /r/TrueReddit. Title or not it is still required.	3
I got the feeling too. It's possible, or the ground is just rough. 	4
...to win the popular vote, which she easily did.	4
I used to work nights at a 24-hour Walmart, “interesting” is a damn tame word for it.	13
DAMN!!!	2
Anti-Vaxer mom: This isn’t supposed to happen, they weren’t supposed to live this long.	10
RNG gear is a solid no from me.	10
The capitalist countries have welfare for those that can cope. The other countries dont.	10
Good ol best available dasher	0
So you stay on your theft from auto waiting for them to dispatch the next shift to the backlog of calls.	3
Hopefully they won't try to blame the trucker.	20
And a hell of a lot better receivers. [NAME], [NAME], prime [NAME], [NAME]. 	2
Freakin cheers man, that looks delicious right now!	0
Might as well try though! Have a good day bro!	5
Oh, sweet. It's the gaming guy who hasn't uploaded any gaming videos yet! /s (I like him and am just poking fun)	17
[NAME] is the best character in cinematic history	0
Wait. Is this a parenting book with a typo? Because this seems to be a great approach to use with a toddler.	0
Ha that’s amazing you may know my little brother he graduated around that time name is [NAME]	0
Wow. No words. America, the land of opportunity!!!!!	13
Great advice here. Good sleep doesn’t “just happen” with kids. It’s our job as parents to guide them.	0
Thank you, that's very good to know!	15
Yeah, he's 8-1 in his last 9 games played. Pretty great if you ask me.	0
My 4 month old just got her second round of shots, so yeah, we feel you. Hope you're able to get a good rest!!	20
Yeah but shortly after got disinterested so i broke it to her lol	1
This grammar is horrible. Discovering something is a fixed single point in history which should have been simple past “was” instead of “had been.”	14
Well, I could already do that. But glad to have BCH as a pathway	15
"Can we change the ""haha"" one to when he was laughing about giving that scarecrow to [NAME] "	1
> So basically, if you're responsible with guns, you have nothing to worry about. I'm worried about *other people* not being responsible with guns.	14
If you think it's a real emergency don't waste too much time and try to call the police	5
ah Yuk!	11
Lemon cookies are the best	0
Have you actually found the last honest orthodontist out there?	7
So cute!!!!!!!!!!	0
Love the Cafe Zoetrope, such a charming place. Beautiful building too.	0
I wish that I could do this and have someone genuinely care, and have it not be a therapist cause I can't afford it. 	8
I visited NYC 2 summers ago and I have the same exact feeling as you do. Glad you liked the city just as much as I did!	17
I'm saying put up or shut up. If you can't back up your point with evidence, your opinion is worthless. 	2
That’s not munchausen. She has a diagnosed illness that’s a terrible, terrible one to suffer from. This is a pretty shitty reply.	14
I rly like trench coats Not not in that combination tho	18
Yeah, it’d be weird to have two green arrows running around. 	11
You're a hero.	0
I guess the caveat is that is a world championship offyear where not all players are available due to playoffs	6
So. Much. Reality.Can’t. Take. Anymore. Reality. Not. Scripted.One.Bit. 🙃	10
I will check him out thank you :)	15
That’s one pissed off [NAME]	3
Read this while pooping. Laughed WAY too hard! Thank you for that.	15
I enjoy vintage cooking porn. A young [NAME] trussing a round roast, for example. 	17
when my egg cracked I went through like every teen girl phase in the space of 2 months lol	1
The BrokenMachine has one of these videos but I'm definitely going to watch yours. Thank you for taking the time to do this.	15
That’s what makes this scene so timeless. every one of us simultaneously relates to both the nerd and to homer.	0
I watched that worm fish sauce thing. So gross, disgusting, bleh, NO,NO, and HELL NO!!	11
Doing nothing is the most tiring thing there is.	3
Be careful of ticks tho	5
So so good	17
you got me [NAME]	24
I did it. Lol.	1
Ok you're right, I amend my statement to give one to anyone who wants one and can meet certain qualifications. Just like getting a business permit.	4
No, no, Amazon! Ripping is painful! ‍♀️ Be *gentle* to your abby wabbies. *Gentle*. *pats you* ❤❤☺	10
A year is way too short. You won’t know the impact of Brexit till 2030 really.	10
I would agree, but at the same time if it pisses off [NAME] supporters enough to keep them home in 2020, I'm all for it.	4
Fuck you I was in the bed:/	2
Magic are a good team. They battle every game	0
But it does? Admittedly it does take a couple days and a few friendly reminders	7
> It’d make porn ~~awkward~~ awesome FTFY	12
because energy drinks are the most fucked up you can get while still being sober	2
Thanks for the insight. I guess I’m coming off a bit ignorant and maybe naive.	15
Is that a little poot at :09?	26
I’m sorry. It was nothing to be angry about	9
Thanks for laugh, I needed that. 	15
She was sorry too, after I found out and ripped her a new one. LOL	1
Thanks bro means a lot	15
I'm with you!!!!!!	5
How is anyone so stupid to not vaccinate their child?	3
We need our damn OL coach...he was amazing this year.	0
Yeh your right a bitter parra fan, have fun with norms him a bell end will get on fine	1
And also, turning someone's hands into spaghetti is cruel and inhumane and not a reasonable punishment for theft.	2
It’s a really depressing show. Kinda like Mad Men.	9
Maybe people just don’t like it?	7
If you bake em you're gonna have a bad time	3
>Would I pull my gun if that were happening to me? >absolutely	4
This is so true cause I always think “are they just using me for sex?”	25
I don’t understand how college tuition has gone up 8 billion percent but Taco Bell still has a dollar menu...	6
Lmao good luck tryna convince anyone you’re not just a brain washed redpiller tryna start shit just for validation :/	3
Sounds like my kind of place.	4
I've had 1, 2, and 4 said to me. I'm completely done at this point.	4
And I'm sure grandmas in SC love the stereotype of the violent black man.	4
This guy has the charisma and sex appeal of overcooked noodles.	0
Dear [NAME], please help [NAME] be less disgusting. Amen.	11
Wish they'd update Trapper's and Wraith's. They're so boring.	9
Taking a blood thinner such as aspirin would keep it from clotting	4
She's fine but she's no [NAME].	4
I'm going to pretend this question was asked in all honesty, and upvote. Besides the answer below is great.	0
Cute. I hope it makes you feel empowered.	0
They've done this before. Look the Order of the White Feather up, it was worse.	9
Because idiots in this sub care too much about what other people have on their screen? It only tells me that too many people on here are narcissists.	2
Sorry, but [NAME] doesn’t even compare to [NAME].	24
Happy cake day	13
Lol ok. So saying a garbage clip doesn't belong at the top of a gaming subreddit makes me a [NAME].	1
[NAME] was not childfree. He just honored his wife's (who is childfree) desires because he loved her.	18
How early is everyone leaving tomorrow?	7
"My dad makes that joke ""I have to fight anorexia"", his BMI is 31..."	1
I killed them for the first time in my most recent playthrough and regretted it. The replacement council sucks just as hard.	24
> This isn't where I parked my car Seriously I can't find my car.	3
That sounds so terrible. I'm very sorry.	25
I'm French so I didn't know her, it's so cool that you have transgender politicians! I can't see it happen here.	6
Okay, this helps clarifies things more for me. Thank you!	15
Yes. Especially if I go to sneeze and I lose it, I just look up to a light and bam. Sneeze time!	4
People are gonna end up hating Deus Ex because of this, and that's just a travesty	2
Don't do #4 it's bullshit	10
I’m not sure what to make of any of this but stay strong, friend. You’ll get through this eventually!	5
nice ideas! looking good.	0
One of the 10 most expensive buildings ever constructed in the world - is that acceptable to you?	7
Wish I could vote this up 1,000!	8
Fuck your shitty ass title	2
It's become extraordinary, quite.	0
Because ridiculously attractive people also have self esteem issues and depression Guess what honey The world sucks for everyone There’s no escape We will all die in misery and alone	25
I love this man.	18
Oh I see. Thanks for letting me know. I fixed it now. The real link is HERE	15
Always go for someone you like and feel connected to.	5
Best picture of this I’ve seen so far!	0
I'm not confident in [NAME] but he may be the best option...	6
Sent. And I'll check with the mods. Thanks.	15
She is renowned for her versatility.	0
I hope marvel brings [NAME] on for star lords new love interest	20
I'm not conflating anything, I'm describing my experience. I'm curious, where are you from? I'm in the rural south. 	7
Thank you xo	15
Most important!!! ALWAYS AIM THE HEAD! [NAME] arrows are pretty fat woodsticks, so keep aiming on the head on long distance. Thats it	5
Yea we need more good news to give other people hope, enough hope to give them a helpfull push to pursue what they really want. 	8
Thank you. I'll definately be sure to pick up that book sometime.	15
Possible sad tyre	25
Happy cake day! :)	13
Lots, play store or apple store vpn. Nord is good	0
I actually choose to teach an extra class so I can avoid lunch duty. I hate it.	3
I used to think that too, before I got over Trump Derangement Syndrome and took the red pill.	22
thanks for the correction.	15
These aren’t /u/ These are just their nicknames. They’ll know who they are when they read it and that’s what matters.	10
[NAME] in Richardson gets my love.	18
I don't think you can afford a lawyer. If fact, I would not be surprised to learn you don't actually have anything on QCX.	10
felt that so hard too	25
> a GURPS game, inspired by anime and taking place in space yikes.jpg > I got pumped hahaha ok	1
*Rosa..Rosa..Rooosaa, Yeah! Beautiful Rosaa*	0
Damn this guy just had a bad day!	25
That’s ridiculous. I’ll read it, thanks.	15
That’s exactly me! Remembers all important conversations. Also me: what did I do yesterday?!	7
I know your not serious because your not looking whole corpus Here’s unique ones only found within [RELIGION] tradition	22
"You should see the absurd number of ""gays for [NAME]"" we have in my country, it's astounding"	0
I appreciate the honesty	0
did not know she speaks fluent Ukrainian.	26
I'm three months old and I love Queen and Metallica, not the crap my generstion listens too.	18
Some people just don't understand humor. Imagine living your life like that!	20
No, treating it like it’s obligatory just means it’s a standard I have. People are allowed to have standards. 	4
I love it, I understand they can't just get rid of [NAME] for her, but I would be so angry watching [NAME] boss her around.	18
You are correct.	4
About as serious as my plans to marry a porn star and retire to the Bahamas.	8
What a trainwreck	7
I prefer the term window licker. The pub community loves the taste of windex.	4
A one-line whip is still whipping against, although it is a pretty disappointing decision.	9
I told their kid that it was okay to be upset. (He was anxious and I was validating his feelings.)	19
"""PETA approved"" I'm out. I hate PETA even more than I hate mlms"	3
I hope you everyone is serious about not being a bulls fan anymore. Get out of here if this is what ends your fandom.	20
Really? I only remember the one in the movie (which did kinda weird me out)	6
Then please post the story here. I don’t go to links I don’t know. 😐	6
To be fair he did apologize for that one after he learned what Pride was really about but I still wouldn’t recommend going near his Twitter anymore	10
Oh yeah. I love stepping out of the tub and putting my wet foot on COLD TILE. More like thanks I love this	18
Demeaning women is the same as mocking the clown president? Cool.	22
I hope so. Either [NAME] or [NAME] deserve it the most	20
Her promo's alone would be a great addition to the promotion.	4
So i'm intrigued how the fusion would be	7
I was already having doubts with how Olicity-heavy it suddenly became	6
Well he was horrible the first few months. Now he's playing better. Not sure what you are trying to accomplish with this post	6
Great subterfuge guys	0
I’m sorry Mr. [NAME]	24
Never understood the hype with the Beatles. All of their songs to me sound like unfinished demo tracks	3
LMFAO us going up 2-0 and losing the game name a more iconic duo I dare you	1
Your old enough to call the police. Don't let him put hands on you again.	5
That was a long read but it was worth it, good on you lot for sorting it out and winning the case	0
No lol it's just the sub's flair. Also I was joking about good as gold, that's a song of [NAME] lol	1
I've read the series through 4 times. There is literally zero reason to believe that.	9
But funny, and that absolves the sin!	1
So edgy.	19
Puppies in 95% of cases. Sorry but some dogs are ugly no matter how old they are.	11
Central Business District. Its where main shops are located normally in very close vicinity.	4
Thanks for calling me an idiot... was definitely necessary.	15
Thank [NAME] there wasn't a psychologist among the testers	23
Nutter is a great word for it. I haven't even gotten into her claim that she is psychic yet. That's a story for another day.	22
I think only Germany would have this kind of organization skills. Source: Know 2 Germans. Am therefore expert.	0
Hahaha. One of those rare moments when a reddit title makes me laugh out loud.	1
Wow so glad [NAME] is getting it done quicker. Better for later in tourney	17
Definitely the second to be frank. I just wanna get the best deal I can on a car I’m pretty in love with.	18
"And lo, for he took to Facebook and quoth righteousness, and the people were joyful, and gave unto him many ""likes."""	0
uh... you explore. Iv def been curious and just spent a bit jamming my fingers in there feeling it all	7
doesn’t mean you could assume you committed a crime	10
> I feel like we don't see those kinds of statements everyday. Just curious how many highly anticipated games DO restart development and DO NOT tell their customers	7
You are a delight upon this earth	0
Dude my brother just paid $300 for an ounce, can’t wait for legalisation	13
Fuck that. Anyone who makes a career out of spreading bullshit to morons is worthless trash.	2
He's eating cheese and watching football in the sky now. Rest in peace!	16
We don't deserves horses	10
Whoa, thanks for the in depth answer! 	15
Do you have any original thoughts? ...or any at all? 18 days; going on 100! Happy New Year!!	7
It seems like good advice.	5
Good [NAME] we look horrible	11
Hahahahahahaha give me a piece of that kit Kat bar	1
Whhhattttt. That’s crazy!!!	13
Testing it out in creative it feels like the hunting rifle got a huge buff this patch, cant wait to bring out one of my favorite weapons 	13
But milk is beta food! Who wants that girly ass shit from a boob? My child will drink bone broth and the tears of broken women!!	2
And now I regret not applying when they opened one in my town even more now. Good times.	24
If nothing was said and you can be engaged all day tomorrow then I wouldn’t worry.	19
Only until security finds it stuffed with coke.	22
Some wonderful pictures here, it's always cool to see what things actually looked like rather than just paintings/depictions in movies. 	0
Not gonna happen, pure delusion I *aggressively* call this ridiculous bluff	2
[NAME], I hope your plot armor is strong enough to save [NAME] from a ship crash.	20
[NAME] [NAME] is like the 72hrs from console of course we like him wtf<3	18
Agree. Not a perfect coach but pretty, pretty good 	0
I always wondered why that never happened with the “muscles from Brussels” in any of his movies.	26
Thank you for this very informative answer. I don't play the game but you really explained well why they put this system in place.	15
I am too but thank you for having it and I will try to think more about the points you raised.	15
He's alright, Avatar, The Happening and After Earth were genuinely terrible films. 	4
I’m not crying. Nope, no tears over here! 	10
Stop lying to me	2
im glad to hear that i won't just be carted off! and thanks, it's great to know that you guys have my back :)	15
The Button was amazingly fun. By far my favourite reddit memory.	17
What’s the chemical make up of a word? Yea thought so genius lmfaoooooo.	0
Suck my good behaviour!	3
And..the reality of it hurts	25
lovely! the real grass and metal roses compliment each other.	0
Keeping the stomach warm also helps. Holding the baby with their stomach against yours helps them fall asleep. But it doesn't work all the time unfortunately.	5
Yeah level 3 armor was so overwhelming and felt like you had no chance against it unless the player was really bad or you had more concussion grenades	0
Omg why does this sound like [NAME]?	7
I am so sorry. My kids are the only thing keeping me going. The loneliness is agony.	25
Nice try, officer.	0
It definitely doesn't work if you give up.	10
No, it's not. If they grow in the wrong way then they can become extremely painful and cause discomfort. People usually like chewing freely	10
I am already using ublock. Thank you for suggesting ghostery, didn't know it.	15
Yeah it seems more like a joke than someone Bible thumping	1
Of course! Happy cake day 🎂🎉	13
Thank you so much for this advice :) i'm just really worried about going through the process again	15
Thank you for helping me realize that p&r bloopers is exactly what i need right now	15
Isn't the swastika backwards? I just love how fucking stupid racists are Can't even draw their own shit right	18
Insurance covers stupid.	3
Maybe you should try watching it before commenting on it, otherwise your just posting from a position of ignorance. 	10
The guilt of sin represses all	24
Yeah I'm a moderator there. I'll let you post anything there because I'm a nice mod.	4
 No way, man. We're gonna keep on rockin' forever. Forever. Forever. Forever...	13
oh my gooooood	26
I have a feeling you're one of those far rightist trump supporters trying to use [NAME]. Your uncaring, almost sociopathic idealogies make me sick.	9
I was streaming on my laptop so I could watch the glorious win. Sadly hunting has been tough so far. Damn those Bison.	9
Ambien you are my new favortist person ever!	18
Yeah, it's disgusting & I'm so disturbed by everything going on. Never ever would I have believed this is where people were headed. 	11
Rejection always hurts, even just a little. Sparing her feelings may mean she doesn't get the meaning. Be direct, kind, but direct. 	9
Good. Stay the fuck away.	2
And whatever car he buys MUST have a strong Air Conditioning system. This is an absolute MUST here.	4
What's that thing you have pointed at your head, selloboy? Gun, forest, gun!	6
Fecking THANK YOU. -- One Foot on Each Side of The Pond	15
I love /r/LazyMan	18
Is it actually happening?	6
I miss [NAME]	25
Oh really? I didn’t know someone else posted it haha Edit: just looked and someone posted it right after me	26
Is that really a thing?	7
Hockey players are more brave than the US Marines. Have you seen how tough they are they are so tough	0
I can't believe he told that story. I'm sure the minister that released the water is now so totally regretting not asking for a bj!	26
Or it's awesome! It looks so nice out with the sunshine and all the new snow.	0
I'm glad you're feeling better! Keep smiling :)	5
But when you do, just remember that trick so you don’t have to take your break or get an RI. 	5
I don’t know how to write odds for an event as certain as that.	6
Imagine the jockey explaining that to his boss and then cranking the legs to raise it while everyone looks on :)	1
Stranger things have happened.	26
Thank you. English is not my first langage.	15
There is a surprisingly large number of [NAME] who play.	26
She gets genuinely emotional sometimes too. I love it. So refreshing	18
Dragopolis was a less fun version of the free dinosaur game on Chrome when your internet goes out	10
You. I like you.	18
It’s so weird, I think it’s like excited/stressed? 	7
No, you won the 23rd.	10
Oh hey that's pretty cool!	13
That has literally never happened.	10
That's got nothing to do with anything that's happened in this thread	10
this is just brother and sister but with extra steps	4
I'd say we should dump him somewhere at sea but the oceans are already pretty polluted... :(	9
Your right i will talk to him tonight	4
Man [NAME] played really fucking well I hope this game especially after [NAME] last game establishes him as the starter.	20
A little too nutty for me thx.	15
How did I miss that?	7
Same! Protect yourself as much as you can. I also clean the phone and the case :D	5
I'm not even surecwhat it is why do people hate it?	6
could be, I have a distant aunt that's like 6 foot (we're kashmiri-punjabi).	20
I enjoyed speaking to [NAME]	17
I brought my love a cherrrryyyyy....	18
You couldn't even figure those out? Wow. Speechless.	0
I’m sorry, I’m my opinion it isn’t sweet. 	10
Oh I never knew you could do that	26
Heh I love this.	18
the pharma part killed me	4
I don't know you, but I am so proud of you. Hugs.	0
Omg she's gorgeous!	0
Its not better then PoE.....by a longshot.	10
Honestly why even make it about her, I was fascinated by his dedication! 	0
Goosebumps had the same take on those too. Those books used to scare the shit out of me	14
That’s part of why I hate porn so much - other than the exploitation of women	11
This is a huge stretch, but I would enjoy seeing some tweets from her hubby about it...	17
She’s still living rent free inside your head if you’re looking her up Edit: thanks for the gold kind redditor tehehehehehehe 🤪🤩🤠	15
Intentionally frightening the Queen is an indictable offence. (Max 14 years) Criminal Code	19
Me too! So pumped! Enjoy the game, bud!	17
Thank you Burger King! Source	15
:-) Lunch with the wife on a weekday is such a special treat, even when one is under the weather.	17
"I'm more concerned that the kid's name is ""[NAME]""."	5
Uhh...weird flex but ok?	3
Might do that, thank you!	15
Maybe yes, maybe not. But in the end she still is an adult that choose to have sexual intercourse with a minor, regardless of the gender.	6
This time next year, this game will be praised. The current installation will be ridiculed in its place. Its been this way for years 	20
I only meant it in kindness, I’ve loved this country so far. You’re all so damned friendly here	18
i agree to kill all children	4
It looks like someone screwed up.	9
Thanks for the info, I was thinking the same.	15
love you too.	18
You’re a melon my dude, that is not how it works at all, you have been brainwashed.	4
Gnarly ballsack is the technical term, I believe. Sadly, it's just a face beard.	25
No it hasn't.	10
Damn furries. We don't have animal ears!	2
Wow! You are close to me in age. I would never do that.	26
No joke. Physics or chemistry I can see but comp 101? I’m surprised he has the ability to find the internet	26
What's wrong with that? [NAME] scandal is funny but not something to focus on in 2020.	1
Well then outlive your enemy, get pass your old self that is the enemy and you can outlive the enemy	5
TY for the encouragement! ❤️	15
Lol posting It on my story? Ya I was expecting alot of hate from my post XD my friends know me tho lol	1
>zucchini Literally LOL! I'm trying not to wake my sleeping husband, but I can't stop laughing!	1
SKYRIM!! Hahaha	1
Shh don't spoil it for us	2
[NAME] shot that shot with confidence i like that	0
That’s about what ours is, but our rush hour traffic is horrible.	3
[NAME] speed RL 😂😂😂	1
Never underestimate the stupidity of people	3
Sometimes you gotta hate living to love life ya feel?	18
Well that's good. Now, where am I?	0
What did he get help with?	6
Same here! I was addicted to her and beaus stories during their trip to Europe right before filming this season. They are the best!	0
What a fucking cunt	2
2 is less user friendly but it can be fun. As long as you turn chat off. And hate yourself already.	1
Sweaty irritates me. But Its not exactly drag lingo. I've seen it on so many other subs too.	3
For art? I think it's kind of silly, but it's also fun. Let people live :P	17
Well that was disheartening.	25
That 2nd goal was all [NAME]. What a move, and against the best team in the league!	0
Omg yes. Could you imagine? Pepperoni rolls, peach schnapps in a mason jar and beer cheese at dinner parties. Love it	18
No clue I’m doing some digging if you find it before me please comment	6
I’m worried about [NAME] too	14
Surely it's *a* factor. It's just not sufficient. [NAME] had a good life before he went jihadi.	4
Reality is often disappointing -TPUSA, probably 	9
Thanks. That's a handy resource. My question remains unanswered.	15
I’m curious as to how many people they’re going to interview for the OC job. Maybe 2-3?	7
What a hilarious joke... Comedy has basically become bashing.	1
[NAME], thank you, for being a friend.	15
I was more interested in seeing if anyone had quotes from him saying one way or another	7
Gotta love guarantee. You should come over to amtrak, at most crew bases it only takes two years to hold a job.	18
I hope you can get some relief soon, I can’t imagine how awful that must feel 	20
They also have the best lemon bars!	0
I’m still waiting for two of mine as well. This gives me hope that it’s still on its way.. :)	20
No... There are many ways to prove you are [NAME]. I've heard of people that proved they are [NAME] by showing that their mother speaks Yidish.	10
In America this guy would have been shot before he entered the door	22
Did you say that the person getting the exact day did not mean anything because you had heard from someone else it was that day?	7
I'd be pissed off if I was a [NAME] who voted to remain in the UK & then got shafted by brexit..	3
If they're not spending this year on [NAME] or [NAME], I have no faith for them to spend on big free agents in the near future	9
I kind of want this win for [NAME] but I still hope we lose out hereafter	20
Exciting finish here.	13
It is. I mean official translation is coming every 7 days, but leaks go day before (Korean)	22
Stunning considering you have the exact same opinion.	26
I guess this is place where we are thankful for Microsoft complexity.	15
I think you have a terrible opinion. Now that we agree on something though this could be the start of a beautiful friendship!	0
Who could have thought that anti-semitism would have taken hold in feminism? Why would anyone think that animosity toward an entire group of people is welcome there?	7
And then expanded on! It's so good. Haha I still remember hours and hours spent on Friends of Mineral Town though...	1
Great album! 👊	0
president [NAME], what should we do? shut. down. everything!	6
We had fantastic spacing that possession. Clearing all the defenders to the left side of the court so that [NAME] had a completely open lane to the basket.	0
Sounds pretty optimistic... I'll believe it when I see it!	20
Officer [NAME] is the penultimate FA character. Apart from the fact he's attractive of course AAAAAAAAAAAAH	0
I’m sorry. But, keep your respectability politics to yourself	24
Being compared to [NAME] is a compliment because he’s funnier than I’ll ever be soooo	1
The stressors of the hotel industry are much the same as a restaurant. It doesn't appeal to me	22
Aw it’s the same user who was scared of breast feeding lmao	1
[NAME] damn you're toxic asf	11
Stranger things have happened, but still, good luck.	20
I watch it because I enjoy it	17
I actually really liked that you added in your personal interests. I like Korean boy bands too.	4
oh my [NAME] easily one of the worst sounds aaahhhhhh	26
I really hope you're joking	1
That feeling when you hire a really horny electrical engineer to make a comic...	1
I like Chick-Fil-A but I don't go because of their political stances against gay/trans people.	10
I am also interested in this link!	4
Not sensitive, just scared that a sub I enjoy will become divided and will have in-fighting.	17
My condolences.	25
I'm curious about this film but honestly I don't think I can stomach listening to or looking at this a-hole for more than a couple of minutes.	7
I'm in the opposite boat. Just make the nausea stop pls thx.	15
Considering most people voted for their candidate purely out of hate for the other candidate does that even matter?	7
I wish this was animated.	8
It’s never been good lol	1
Thank you for ruining the [NAME] joke.	15
I wish. Chalk it up to a brain fart	8
And go where? That McDonalds 😂	7
Had to have my knee drained after a meniscus injury. It remains the most pain I've ever felt. Hopefully hers wasn't that bad	20
Holy fuck youre pathetic. I hope you have insurance. Therapy is expensive I hear	20
I had that thought as well.	4
What? They all look entirely different. Yes, they are all handsome, masculine men, but that's it.	26
Thank you for your inspiration	15
This seems like an excessive amount of work that I don't think (maybe I just don't know any better?) adds any value.	10
Yeah usually there are the c-1 but this go around this is what was handed. I like them	18
Which is odd, he was terrible on Sunday	14
But that jumper looks hella cosy	17
Man, I could go for some veal soon.	7
Can you freak bitchhhhh	2
It's a situationally dependent call. Yes, I would call *it* again if I had another chance.	4
Fucking happy this jerk is still well and alive.	17
No they can't. Rent increases has to be given notice at least 30 days prior	10
Thank [NAME] this was said, I feel 100% the same way. 	15
Nah, life is too short to drive boring car colors. 	10
Of course not. Why admit their circle jerk was wrong? They'll only learn the lesson after the lawsuit ends.	10
Lol I need details!?	1
I mean, DC metro area has ***three times*** Pittsburgh's population, so. Again, relatively, Pittsburgh's is worse.	3
Japan edging out Canada? WTF? There's some bullshit going on there, man. And what rocketed Switzerland from obscurity to the top of the mountain in 2017?	7
Well they called and said there was a pricing discrepancy and they could not honor it. 😭 sad day.	25
As much as I like [NAME], losing [NAME] still has to hurt. He’s just so damn lovable 	18
[NAME], give us the opera album we deserve	0
I ... I like you	18
Thank you so so so much. Best of luck to you. We deserve the kind of live we give others.	15
Ok good points but you didn't address the issues faced by [NAME]. So you agree with me that losing as [NAME] shouldn't result in lost elo?	7
Happy birthday! Drinking one for you tonight. When you get up tomorrow you can take the first step to making sure next years birthday will be better!	13
Guys it's a dril tweet, false alarm	3
Excellent as always	0
you'd have a point if the only use of a car was to kill people.	10
No, I was very interested in the game until this news broke. Now I’m a little disappointed. But at least I can opt-out. 	9
Dude... are you okay?	5
This is how Dayz is meant to be, very nice story!	15
Worse. They told us to mind our own business	2
Didn’t know if you knew, so I was just trying to give context to your statement. Sorry. 	25
I know, right? Our genocidal hatred should be targeted towards [NAME], where it belongs!	7
It's a really bad attempt to get attention and make people mad, that everyone in this thread has decided to indulge.	10
Oh a cat !	26
You might have better luck	20
Everyone calling you out but not if you’re right	6
This is damn sick. Has almost a vapor wave feel lol.	1
This is nasty NSFW	11
aha American Sniper, movie genuinely moved me.	0
I stan ❤️🧡💛💚💙💜	0
What's so special with 144hz?	7
That is so relatable! I used to be amazing at hearing whether a parent was coming upstairs.	4
For real. After I saw that, I just stopped reading. My eyes spun right out of my head. 	12
The wonderful thing about ttigers, is ttigers are wonderful things!	0
It's not a shaving cream ad, it's razor blade ad, you dunce!	3
I guess. Thanks.	15
he dribbles softly and loosely I dont understand why nobody has fixed it.	6
Damn, you're good a parkour. That was a pretty giant leap to be made.	0
Fair, yes, [NAME] is against that, so a good transition on your part.	0
Best of luck	5
Alright thanks ill try, (but thats like dark souls on ng 100 XD)	15
They've actually gotten a bit worse :D Started with just a dry cough, now it's pain swallowing, stuffed nose, but the cough is now better	25
Just rephrased it into two sentences for you. It's a great story!	0
Everyone seems to forget how much he sucked as a quarterback, there’s a reason he was un drafted	10
Ah ok well I have completed my bachelors degree so I’ll look into subbing as well.	4
As an [NAME] I just want you to know that I appreciate you.	0
Nah, black bears are big scaredy cats Now brown ones on the other hand...	14
Thanks for the help but just went for the delete all option somehow still kept my ranks so idk what the fuck that all was evennabout	15
Your logo was amazing, your sushi was not.	0
Hahaha this is great! What episode/season is this?	1
It did put me off at first but after you get better with a weapon it becomes far less of an issue.	22
Oh, THAT. Yes I agree actually, I found that part rather malicious.	4
How he dropped that sheep, probably going to hell but i almost choked laughing. 	1
The A.I. conundrum. What will the robot drivers choose?	7
I am the same way. I feel your pain! Therapy and meds are helping me!	4
You forgot our dear friends from Paris	9
[NAME] that is frightening...	14
Funny thing is he kind of said just that jokingly in the [NAME] interview yesterday	1
Lol. Go astroturf r/politics. We aint buying her leftist bs here	1
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **3rd Cakeday** somenbjorn! ^(hug)	22
Shitty cars made of plastic	3
No, that isn't possible. Discord hosts the call, which means any attempt at using wireshark would just show Discord's information, not yours.	10
Another great bit on identity politics...	0
Was just thinking that. Great tunes	15
I love [NAME], he’s literally the craziest couch in the nba lol! He could win couch of the year or be fired next week! 	18
You're right! I linked the wrong one. Thank	15
It was a pretty shit joke that deserves it	3
Ah well hopefully they learn from this. You can never be overprepared for a live show.	20
There is nothing more disgusting than those who put children in danger unless it is the people who allow them to do more harm.	11
Living is exhausting.	9
I lovee mazzy star sm, Flowers in December is my favorite song rn	18
The title is a lie. I dislike what the APA is doing as much as anyone else, but how bout we dont sensationalize it.	10
How comes when Chinese companies help build infrastructure in Germany it's a terrible risk to their sovereignty yet this is fine	7
Same cinematographer, [NAME]. He's incredible	0
Thank you for such kind words.	15
Ok, for the low price of $27.97 I will help you out.	5
I think its absolutely wonderful : )	0
Thanks for actually reading and responding to the question...;) I’ll check those out	15
Aye but happy cake day mate.	17
That sounds great!	0
Thanks for the response.	15
thanks, i didn”t think of it that way but i guess it”s true	15
Why? He was always brilliant. It was such a shame he lost out to [NAME]. Things would have been very different today...	9
The real villains are those aware of the cruelty of life, but then reproduce anyway.	11
Ahhh [NAME] its in my eye.	14
That’s petty debateable, there’s disagreement in the ranks but not enough to change their names or policies. 	4
That’s great of you :)	0
You may be harder on yourself than necessary. Keep praying and confessing your sins. No one is perfect	5
no way I have never heard of that! wow!	26
I agree with [NAME]. I'd read the mention of intimacy as just bait for rinsing.	4
I like your enthusiasm and yes it would be hilarious.	1
Character and emotions are not the reigning champion one year earlier...	10
The man in the picture is a legend since he is the only non toxic and not annoying mic person	0
I wanna see this line up... not cause I think we’ll win with them but i just want to see it. [NAME] [NAME] [NAME]	8
Love live [NAME]	18
i had all of those. checked myself with a GP and found out i had low iron, migraines and needed to visit the therapist re my anxiety.	14
"""It's your outfit, dude."""	4
Love it. Be well [NAME]	0
Also the least satisfying answer but probably true haha	1
I'm not looking forward to mine. Need to just do them though. I spent a lot last year on medical bills so hoping the deduction helps.	20
I was wrong about that one part. I've edited my comment to reflect my mistake. Thanks for posting the relevant bit of the bill.	15
You can't control if you're nervous or not, but just know that you will absolutely be judged for it. Consciously or subconsciously.	5
Unfortunately no one usually fights for their rights without a martyr	9
Bears are empathetic creatures? lol...	1
the sky, living a happy and amazing life in the clouds.	17
I still hate Catcher Eggman!	2
Don’t worry! I was never convicted of anything!	5
Completely correct. But he Might have lost control, blown a tire, etc., or maybe just panicked human error. 	14
“Thrive has changed not just your life but mine as well.” 🙄 yeah, definitely a child’s sentence structure	4
😅 I wrote that to indicate tears of relief and happiness but what I was actually doing was laughing like a lunatic knowing that I wasn’t alone.	1
Aww so sweet. One of mind fights to lay under mine while it’s in my lap. She loves the heat from it 😂	18
I feel bad for house slaves, even if it's in their understandable self-interest. 	25
You have no right to be there waiting to be nudged.	2
tyvm for this advice actually, i was totally bamboozled on this topic	15
She’s lovely! Cheers to your lives together	0
That's good to know, then. You can eliminate that possibility from your mind. But gosh. I'm so sorry you went through all that... 	5
Our best hope is that [NAME] intends to outlast [NAME] and serve under President [NAME].	20
No, he doesn’t. But, the people who elect our officials do. I am appalled and embarrassed that she’s a [NAME].	12
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **7th Cakeday** Korrk! ^(hug)	13
I knew there is always an Orochi, even in a [NAME] vs [NAME] duel. Hiding, waiting...	4
Thank god. I thought he double jumped.	15
I'm not sure honestly. I think there's a fanmade audiobook but I've heard it's pretty bad. Sorry.	6
Thank you for your service.	15
Unfortunately I don't know how to read hangul. I'm still in the very early stages of planning so still lots of things to look at!	10
I did that in origins but now that theres mercenaries and its sooo annoying to deal with them so i stay as quiet as i can until im caught.	3
Thats too funny	1
NO I HAVE NOT EVER FIRED MY GUN IN THE AIR AND GONE AAAAGGHHH!	2
Oh, man. The whole story telling methodology was well done, and well paced.	0
I mean. Wtf is there to do online. GTAO had a shit economy but at least had things to do	2
Work like always, but grind that ironman on osrs in the meantime	20
I like him a lot but I assume he would be a prime piece in any trade for a LD.	18
Was that an inglorious basterds quote in there ?	7
Isn't it awesome. And then they get praised for their problem solving skills and dedication.	0
Can you believe that? I mean that, THAT is what I call posing. Missed a that	7
Be honest with her... or put her on a pedestal just high enough to see up her dress... ;)	5
And their cats. IT loves kittens.	18
Well being in the playoff picture for a couple months was fun. What does the draft look like this year?	7
What if I don't fully have feelings for her and just really like her cuteness	6
I think, call before you come and limit it to an hour is reasonable if you have relatives that need to be told that. 	4
That woman on the left with red shirt and blue jeans looks really calm	0
[NAME] help us, if that's what she's saying about Catholicism 101 stuff, I shudder to think what other terrible information she's putting out	3
You're a freak, you dirty dog you.	2
Yes i hope things go well for them	20
Only 5 more years to go. Can’t wait!	7
bargaining chip for what? The 25% tariff increase is not big enough of a bargaining chip? lol	1
Well, I’ll be here when you fail!	5
Good idea. With the power of those two consoles combined we might be able to get the fps up into double digits	0
Wow thanks I gotta try this!	15
Also, they ruined Top Gear but that’s a whole other issue.	10
and I love him for that	18
Girl then DM me if you visit! It’s a great place to live. I moved from NY.	4
Lmao I feel you.	18
>Add in reduced physician compensation and the number of doctors will go down, Where is this info?	7
Oh she'll most probably die in that route for sure. I just hope she doesn't get a lame death, that's all	20
no your are disrespectful at least i pay my respects	3
Very very accurate.	4
Right on. Thanks!	15
Amen, block all immigration.	3
I'm curious - are you under the age of 30?	7
Oh come on! Stop posting this stuff. FFS will you think of my blood pressure!? You’re killing me (figuratively speaking).	2
I like hearing about these positive encounters.	18
Love seeing the guys have fun.	18
Omg. This is the real gem in this post. Thank you sir	15
I'll take that on board! I'm a mostly patient person. At least I hope so, lol. Thanks for the advice (:	15
Yeah, I just visited there and it seems more disordered than this sub... Strange	4
I’m an NA boy and Rival/Dig were my two favorite orgs. Glad to see at least one of them is returning.	17
Funny, the right only seems to say this about women and people of color 🤔🤔🤔	1
i communicate through morse code by constantly crouching and standing up. I generally prefer explaining how my oponent can improve when i beat them badly	4
Oh god, going to a social event with someone and never leaving their side is me at almost every social event I go to.	12
I'd give you a shovel so you could dig your head out of the sand, but I have a feeling you'd refuse.	3
With those pieces I’d be surprised 😒	26
Honest question, what happens to Red if they don't make the league ? They're in America and surely that can't be cheap 	7
I don’t believe it is part of my credential program. I am going through the IMPACT Program of San Joaquin County Dep of Ed.	10
I think I can agree with you here, I kinda forgot about the military.	4
I’m sorry you were down voted. I am asking for real honesty, so thank you for telling yours.	15
Well, I'd love to see an MLS side defeat Liverpool like Red Star did in this years Champions League.	18
Yuuuuuuuuuup. It's horrible.	14
Because it's the one right that we hope to never need, at least in the sense of revolt or self defense.	20
It’s a pretty good guess for most college students in the south in my experience.	0
Photo critique? It's quite blurry. But the colours is great, as is the angle. 	0
Umm that’s me. Thanks I am youngish in these hollowed halls. Mid 40’s	15
Here's a great essay by [NAME] regarding the Skripal farce that I've just run across:	0
I've come to the conclusion that TMoR's Snoo needs to be more orange.	4
Oh, apologies. Silly me didn’t think to check the sub first.	24
I’m going to say it. Those films are mostly over rated. Boring same old tame CGI stuff every time.	3
Yep first to go crying to the government but happy to bully single mums on the benefit	17
It's not much, but it's honest work.	4
Marijuana dispensary ask for thc ditalite cartridges and they might have different brands but all of them are good	4
Your LPT is to save money by not buying cords but instead stealing them from work?	6
I will pay to watch a garbage commercial if [NAME] in it, I don’t even care. He’s way too fine.	0
OMG, I thought the same	26
If I died I've always wondered who will be at my funeral. I imagine only my mom. Maybe one of these days I'll find out.	25
I would also like to know the answer to this. Thanks for posting!	15
Thanks, do hv a therapist. He doesn't think I am violnt. I want the thoughts to stop. 	15
“I am so sorry! That was not my intention at all. My apologies” so charming. They do give you warning though	24
Next headline April comes around: sorry there is hold up and we won't be ready until early July.	24
Wow, hearing him swear, thats gonna be something 	26
No different than people making a big deal about their team winning the super bowl. People find it interesting.	7
Ah brilliant, thanks for sharing that. It does indeed look promising. Shame no mention of Lethals possibly but oh well =]	15
Congrats mate.	15
*Googles what is the third leading cause of death* Google *updated*: Measles causes by stupid people not vaccinating their children	3
Possibly. I just couldn’t go any further with it. Not after that.	4
Why is step 1 make the thing so huge? I mean go slightly bigger and do a bangle?	6
Thanks for not declaring that in a karma whory way like so many of your fellow fans	15
That head pat and hug was the physical equivalent of “oh my sweet summer child.”	4
Ah yes three of my ~~best friends~~ worst enemies	2
thanks, just sold my house to go all in	15
figured it out	22
Brutal. I'm so sorry.	24
This is gross and sweet at the same time. Great parenting.	0
A family friend was just found to have made this comment, I am interested to hear your thoughts. 	13
Same here, would love to help. Praying things get better for you and your family :)	5
Always. And on a shallower note, he is aging so well, the handsome devil. 	0
What a legend.	0
u guys were a pretty good place to eat at :( ill miss it	0
digitally executed lol.	1
see im on here having fun meming on all yall basement dwellers, stay salty 	17
I don't really know how to explain because English is not my first language, I'm sorry.	24
This is actually funny	1
YOU UNDERESTIMATE MY POWER!!!	3
You dodged a bullet. She sounds like she's easily manipulated and they're nightmare in laws. Bad combo	3
I know, pain in the asses.	25
i never liked any star trek but its great listening to them talk about this dumbster fire	0
When America decides to care that they aren’t paying one of the military branches. Which will be never.	5
Translation: you should see her vagina! She can't fight you off! The double entendre is more than a bit unsavory.	11
Crush. Big crush. Still have it.	18
"I'm missing the ""funny"" part. This is just someone killing himself."	9
Im so sorry	24
Well to be fair, playing the whole game would be a great start. Winning puck battles would also help. 	0
Never would have thought about that	26
Outraged suburban white moms ranting about stupid things that don’t matter and making ridiculous comparisons are peak humor	2
Hey I hope you know you’re still important and loved even if you may not feel like it at times. You’ll be okay!	18
May your recovery be swift and your memory of her abuse soon be distant. Safe and happy travels.	5
You see, when a router and a hard drive love each other very much...	18
Gotta wonder how a fake BC could possibly result from a 'mixup'.	26
HAHA so sorry. I've had a very slow day at work. Been hitting F5 repeatedly. Was surprised it wasn't already posted.	26
good luck stay safe!💓	5
Winning is fun	17
That lone pube you forgot to take off in the corner lol	1
You're in the best place in Canada for outdoor activities.	4
That was a terrible pass regardless. Wasn’t close	14
Classic imperialism at its finest	0
Ooohh... [NAME] wouldn't like that!!	9
I was in Korea in July and August, it's hot as humid hell. Spring and autumn are better.	22
First season got a lot of attention. I didn’t like the second season as much	9
This face will not age well.	10
"""IT'S GET YOUR GAME ON! SAY IT RIGHT!"""	2
You win , I’m so wrong to think that anyone would take advantage 	22
DoorDash will refund you if you didn’t receive it. Just contact their support.	20
Haha I've never seen a BritSovcit video but now I'm gonna have to check some out	1
I've been pinched a couple times by it's tiny brothers, would not recommend holding that! Damn! It's cute tho. 	0
special for you my dude :)	5
Your dad is awesome	0
No but it would be weird if you masturbated to it like I did	10
Thank you for the solid advice 👍 I’ve had about a year of creative highs so maybe my brain just needs a break	15
Morocco sucks, I don’t blame you for not wanting to go	9
And the guy getting out of the front car acting like the car doesn’t know he’s trying to back up, unbelievable 	3
Much appreciated, do you not play often?	7
Platinum is the best Pokemon	0
Every point you make is proven wrong lol. Just stop.	2
Ahhhhhh [NAME] had to finish that. But beautiful pass from [NAME]	0
I said stop though. What’s with right wingers and not understanding consent?	7
Agree with you there, no one has a strong enough argument as for why it shouldn't be legalised	4
so what are we now? 4-1 in our last 5?	6
I'm hoping he's just gonna psyche people out like [NAME] did with [NAME].	20
No one likes him enough to tell him he’s wearing women’s glasses	10
I just finished rewatching the film and let me tell you. [NAME] is a legend.	0
Because it was a terrible idea.	14
Software Engineering; had a knack for it at a young age and pretty much always knew that's what I was going to do. Yes. Extremely.	4
Aww, what a cute pair	0
It was understandable, but it was comically basic. He just wanted to take over Earth for Darkseid IIRC. 	4
Funny thing, I work at a restaurant and it happened today, which is what pushed me to post this. 	1
Yeah. I killed them both.	2
 funny, your asking for proof of something the moderators actively remove and then say ShOw Me pRoOf Or ItS fAkE.	1
Watch it!! It's amazing	0
This is an awesome idea. I'm in with my coins when this is ready to roll.	0
i really like that! I'll start using it moving forward =)	18
A ray of light and a beacon of hope. Absolutely beautiful.	0
Jolex because [NAME] grated on my nerves so bad	9
HEY! NO OC IN r/ComedyCemetery	17
I guess they still have hopes to keep AD...	20
Damn kev I knew you love [NAME] but wow this is next level	13
Just be there for him in the best way you can. Look out for him but also keep yourself in mind. It's all you can do	5
Well. That's your belief. I know you and the next cant tell me how to raise mine so I'm not worried about all that.	4
And it should be drenched in blood. It’s supposed to be scary, that’s how you know [NAME] loves you!	22
i dream of making $7k	8
Dear down voter, go to your own sub and take your childish down voting with you.	3
I enjoyed the effort from your dad so I must downvote but I want the subreddit to see this so I’ll upvote	17
[NAME] and [NAME] made their own beds with their own actions. But I agree with this too .	4
In this view, you claim to wield power over them, and are clearly no anarchist. You are implicitly advocating for hierarchy.	10
Oh sorry on my phone auto correct. Which does jobs you focus on one person ensuring that they are ok	24
One of the gayest shirts I have ever seen...	13
You DO seem nice. And friendly!	0
Weird way to type YYYY-MM-DD	11
I like how submissive the coyote is being to this tiny little cat. Like, dude, you could just eat him.	18
I'm so surprised they haven't done it yet tbh!	26
> For the same reason it wouldn’t permit business with an expressly racist/sexist/etc. business But those practices are illegal at all levels already.	10
Splendorinthetrash is a genius, undoubtedly!	0
These are good ideas, thank you so much.	15
[NAME] screaming that to [NAME] was so funny to me	1
lol, I thought he might have been heading towards that direction with that too.	1
Fight me coward! I will never ne frego!	2
Baby cake!	13
Breaking bad all over again	9
Jokes about [NAME] hopefully being in MK11	20
Well attention whores are women(mostly) that always seek validation from other people, something that can really become very obnoxious and annoying.	3
I almost pissed myself waiting so long in the tunnel. Not a fun feeling	3
haha someone's gotta rep for our struggling sports programs	1
They’ve performed it live together so maybe you’ve heard that.	4
That's the theme of this excellent play:	0
With a lot of severe brain damage after being beat back to life with an ugly stick.	25
The real problem is the malicious prosecution engaged in by Monsanto against small farmers.	9
Nervously laughs in anxiety	19
How many attempts did that insane tech take to pull off?	7
> It almost feels like this is totally a shameless, contentless promo post for your YouTube channel and this book.	12
We did it guys! We’re the real heroes!	17
Bloody Peasant!	2
He looks like that one guy	4
“To put us all know who [NAME] laughed through it all.	1
I don't think that's true. Every major story I remember from the [NAME] investigation has been from court documents.	10
Very good points. Thank you for sharing that!	15
Of course. I'm glad you were able to revisit in a healthy manner.	15
It just feels like everything is so false. If I can't care about myself why would anyone else.	22
ive been looking at buying this exact knife for like 6 months.. how is it?	7
Stay strong brother - it's coming.	5
I would’ve LOVED to be a part of something like this as a kid!!	18
Love it when the wife goes lets it go retro. Also love it when she gets that puppy waxed.	18
You obviously have never seen those creepy videos with 10m+ views with kids. And those Elsagate videos.	3
[NAME] my friend and if he has new friends I’m ok with that.	4
That’s Wikipedia, isn’t it? So not quite official. 	6
Good lord. > STATISTICS ARE BAD, WE MUST RELY ON ANECDOTES!	9
Truely the man we needed but do we deserve? We let him down by not spreading truth far and wide.	7
Oh sorry, i thought you were having a dig at him lol. 	1
Mmmm looks like some delicious asbestos tile being rubbed there.	0
He already sucks. Let’s just nerf him some more.	2
Dont try to force her out of it. She will (probably) turn on you before she turns on him.	20
Yeah but scary brown people. Ever thought of that libtard? /s ^just ^^in ^^^case	14
Oh, well, you again I tried some stuff, people ignore me anyway	9
Holy shit.....just holy shit	3
Yes, but you don't need it to play.	10
mans got me excited	13
"Maybe I'm crazy but to me it looks like she's just giving a ""thank you"" nod"	15
Let's do it (if done smartly by SK) NK wants to go the path of Vietnam in how they developed	8
I came here to say your third paragraph. Yes OP, this is good advice and you can probably find a job pretty quickly. 	20
Any [NAME] who are into this, hit me up! Love me some trance & techno. Can't wait for Transmission Sydney in March :)	13
Any time [NAME] is brought up is a good time for this:	4
This artwork is amazing! Only thing that bothers me a bit, is that [NAME] is wearing something that looks like Korean traditional wear as opposed to a kimono	0
With 8 million we could buy eight 1 million Brazilian/Argentinian players and hope 1 or 2 of them are good.	20
Idk why youre downvoted, executing a manequin seems fun	1
You are a disgrace to the species	10
take care!! <3	5
What a terrible list	14
Fellow [NAME] fan, reporting in. She's my favorite character in the series lol. 	1
Is it weird that I was practically drooling while watching this	11
What a crybaby. Don’t drink and drive.	3
The Mets fans in me gets excited for [NAME] when I hear [NAME] theme.	13
best: buy flowers because you want to make you SO smile worst: keep going because love is what matters not the issues	18
HOLY MOTHER DUCKER	2
I don't think you understand that the average player can't aim like that on console	10
I wonder if the mapgen portion of the population will die in the first place. Dwarves just waste all their time working on the labyrinth it hits 30.	26
Not tryna plug or anything but i use InShot to crop my videos and it works fine It just makes me hurt inside seeing a screen record not cropped	3
Thats about how 10% of the US population are lol	1
Spending new years in bed hoping desperately not to wake up	20
Yup those are the two worst tasting out of my cocktail!	11
Depends on what's causing the hallucinations	4
Thanks friend. I will change everything around here I promise.	15
Tear all of it down - that place is such a horrific example of trash civil engineering	14
Sadly the same way know people who know people and being in public. Maybe an online game with chat like league or xbox	25
Another thing I always wondered: why doesn't Raddus have autopilot? Would have prevented Holdo's death.	7
Good to know! I should keep a lookout then.	0
Wow. It looks really good!	0
This is a good map though.... Just needs some minor QOL tweaks.	0
this made me stop subconsciously breathing and now I can't stop thinking about it	19
I hate Twitter	10
This is the kind of relationship i want to have,a warm soothing one.... 	8
I played for a decade+ on release, I'd be happy to help you or anyone else!	17
Like this?	7
I imagined a big last stand but it was just kind of a mess	3
Fair enough. I'm probably thinking of someone who still has some semblance of shame.	8
Picturing you sneezing and banging your head made me laugh so hard! THAT'S WHAT YOU GET! Now, pipe down.	1
Yes. What do you use? Geocities?	7
BUT I STILL HAD ALL THEEEEEESE	2
I did the Karl's Corner VIP package and it was great. There was a mini Weezer museum and I met [NAME]! And saw [NAME] from afar.	0
My favorite gusgasm	18
It's also about anyone else who feels down or attacked by misandrist social signals. Finding ways to counteract these signals and their effects is a worthwhile pursuit.	20
Would not put too much trust on the numbers, Canadian journalists did a test on couple of these services and got different results between two identical twins.	9
This is amazing dude, literally flawless work	0
They got ripped apart here (On Reddit) a few weeks ago for passing false information on aircraft videos and taking legit criticism poorly.	10
Yes what the fuck is going on here	2
RIP. Sad for his family and the bull riding community.	25
How would that fix the problem in this case?	7
He's becoming a more subtle [NAME]. I like it	18
My favorite one that you’ve made so far haha Great work	0
Lol do it.. then block him again	1
Have to love Billy's commitment. Absolutely hilarious.	1
Stop following me around you one hour old troll account.	3
My goal for the year is to delve deeper into GTO related play and how to better understand how to use that to play better myself and against others	8
I love being a mom. My little is almost 4 weeks old and I feel like I was made for this.	18
Lmao is this a bot?	1
[NAME] ignored [NAME] and I loved it	18
That's my plan!	4
You are very pretty. You also seen to have good taste in popsicles, that looks delicious.	0
It's nice for him to take time out of getting angry at people to lecture everyone.	3
Looks like you've never been to Paris! The worst toilet in UK is cleaner than Paris.	3
And you get a gold! and you get a gold!! and you get a gold!!!	13
I agree that you think that. Not sure myself.	4
This is great! [NAME] the legend	0
If I say 6:45 they tell me at 8:00 that they’re not coming :(	9
It is incredibly dangerous which is why there are professionals for this, also these professionals use a saber and not a kitchen knife	22
Wow! It's dead af here	26
Or that's just another terrible problem with the template	3
Ironic if an alt-right nutjob finally makes the alt-right nutjob mods finally mod. Maybe even cruelty can only take so much piss in its coffee.	6
I'm so sorry. She's a very lucky cat to have people who love her so much.	9
I wonder if we will get to actually see the demise of their relationship. I doubt they will do it on the show though.	26
I'm so sorry you're experiencing this. I hope the therapy brings you back your husband.	20
It's tasty. Had one on bone marrow once. I've had weirder things before	14
My mom does this all the time. I've always wondered why she feels the need to do it. Can you tell me why you do it?	7
You gotta make yourself happy when no one else does	20
" You're lecturing other people and you can't even spell ""Dwig***H***t""."	3
Damn! A 4-pack! That’s awesome.	17
Both [NAME] and [NAME] were broken up, so it wasnt cheating.	25
Why do you say this? I'm genuinely curious.	7
America v Necaxa Was postponed till March. America doesn't play until next Jornada 2	10
Excellent. [NAME] ([NAME] in particular) made me discover my love for DXM and other even weirder dex sounds.	0
Ahhh thank you! This is only my second scripted video. The rest are just me babbling into the mic about art	15
They're not. They're rolling super hard. And loving it!	18
Naw man Asain men have an easier time. Most of my asain friend are pretty boy. Fuckbois lol	1
True. I think the only way vegan lab-grown meat could be produced is via self-renewing stem cells which is still a very undeveloped technology	4
... with my stepmom. Haha. Erm.	1
For what it's worth, I hope you have a great year anyway.	20
As long as the stop watch on my iPhone is timing him, my kid will do almost any chore. Its crazy what kids find exciting	13
I mean you can want a break from something and still enjoy it.	17
Fuckin Finnish spitz out there bud	3
jokic with a couple dumb arm fouls already, he seems a tad unsettled	10
Nice, but everyone deserves the best.	4
Haha. Fucking banana stand. Didn’t realize people actually used them.	1
Seriously, I’ve never had rendering problems (External SSD) until now... Not even on the PTR	4
fantastic point!	0
Sure, but I don’t think those costs outweigh [NAME] getting caught in crossfire on Queen Street.	4
Disgusting, but fascinating.	11
That was my wish in writing this. We all need hope sometimes. Some enchanted evening comes for each of us in its own time I think.	8
Lmfao I'm not here to Google easy shit for morons.	3
FBI OPEN UP!!!!	2
Thanks for the gold	15
This is one of my favorite threads ever.	0
You’re the best grandmother a person could hope to have.	0
yikes, as someone who dislocates things often ([NAME]), this scares me!	14
Yes, sorry reddit told me 2 times a error occured while posting this :/ Looks like it got submitted fine tho :/	24
Oh no! I'll check into it; there are transcripts available, but it isn't really the same thing, is it? 	10
I'm impressed! After childbirth, I'm lucky to make it twelve minutes without having to pee...	0
Wrong on so many levels. Just sit back and watch it implode. It will hurt at first, but guarantee, you will have the last laugh. 	17
This is genius. The ultimate prank.	4
Agree! 60 new shoppers in Columbus I think is why. I removed Chillicothe and all those once but they came back. I am not going there!	4
I've been playing this game since release and didn't even know that!	12
I cried I was laughing so hard	1
You're not from America, are you? Bless your pure soul <3 	7
Happy cocaine on a plate day!	13
I wish I could forget. Stop reminding me :(	25
Oh man, you got me there with the image	12
I love you [NAME], you is my only friend.	18
Much appreciated comrade!	0
I realized that. Why I jokingly said they were messing with you. Didn't think you actually spoke with them.	22
Crap company that old folks love cause of the name Only useful benefit is towing	18
Lmao I listen to stuff that doesn't fit in any of these categories Oh, and grandson	1
Yes. Exactly. Anything non [NAME] belongs in the trash. Glad you agree.	4
Yeah - we never had a fight. I'm glad we managed to end it in good terms. Thanks a lot for the sentiment, mate. Cheers!	15
You're a horrible person.	14
It's all out of love... We promise.	18
I can do the very first part, where he first jumps.	4
Hey nice rebuttal. I got some new information out of that, thanks for that. It's all about learning. 	15
I guess learning French in school helped me for once	22
Used to be the November curse!	22
good job with being proactive with mental health.	0
Hilariously wrong and uncontroversial.	10
Thanks, dude. It means a lot : ) Hope you have a great week.	15
Yeeesss...... let the anger flow through you...	2
I would make sure I didn’t leave any soda cans anymore so I could have the high ground, and then hide all but one cup lol	1
Wait is this a euphemism for ditching your husband and finding a new partner or did you lose 179 pounds?!?!	9
Really!? I thought it had, or at least it should. Guess I'm better off leaving too	9
That's not how it works	10
> The headline writers are misrepresenting her words (second publication I have seen in minutes that has done so). Oh wow I wonder why	26
We'll try this... I love you man. Whoever you are I know you're good. Most of us are.	18
yeah, thanks	15
This is beautifully written.	0
> it’s a low f-ing bar lbr It is indeed. But I am glad that you found a man who doesn't want anal.	5
is [NAME] coming back?	7
"""I shouldn't have done that, it's not the honorable way."""	3
Hahaha I was gonna put one of those but I couldn’t remember what they were	1
This definitely sounds like bipolar mania or a schizophrenic episode. I hope he gets some help.	20
Plus she's probably going through some extreme grief, life insurance is a huge practical concern for her right now. 	5
I had to mute cause the sound was making me cry.	25
Confirmed, word added to Oxford dictionary in 2022. Now to spread the word and get it into general circulation so that this can happen. [NAME].	4
I find both [NAME] and [NAME] annoying each in different style.	3
That's awesome!! Look forward to watching this kids progress in year 2	0
I would have tactically thrown dynamite and blown my self up about 2 seconds in.	14
The fact you can remember the games he blew shows how great he was and how few and far between they were.	0
All is well! Think I got one sorted out with one of her family members. Thanks for your help!	15
Honestly [NAME] is the best character on the show and the main reason it's worth watching, especially the later seasons.	0
XD lol yes. Ragnarok	4
Royals can be prosecuted. Princess [NAME] was charged under the dangerous dogs act many years back the monarch enjoys sovereign immunity.	17
I'm scared to do these cuz the S.A.G.E. told me I was a transvestite	14
I’m easy going, I take everything with a smile. People around me often comments how I’m always in a good mood. 	20
Ah yes that makes sense - the gofundme for her and the workers seems to be taking off at least (if it’s legit)	4
I pray to [NAME] that we will be aware of people's sins in the afterlife when we watch them burn.	5
Cognitive Dissonance. Big problem in our society.	9
a butt ....hahahahahahaha ......every 4th grader ever	1
I’ve read this exact same story except the car was a red Porsche.	22
Yes, its completely normal. Everyone I know is better than everyone else.	4
It's very convenient!	4
Honestly- live your life as a person who can love what others hate- because that’s just a little more joy in your life versus their hate.	17
Wooah :o Didn't know [NAME] had a son xD	26
That's Great to Hear.	0
pretty ironic this was recorded	0
Reminds of kissing my first girlfriend. [NAME], we had no idea what we were doing. 	22
This feeling is so bad	9
Don't worry dude. The ladies could never see it if you remain to be a virgin and keep your pants up.	5
Having read the entire article, and some of the other FAQ, the only thing this is telling is that [NAME] read the same book very differently.	4
Don't worry, you'll find love, I promise! I hope you love yourself as well. <3	20
...oh goddamn it, that's in my sales territory.	26
I, personally, am excited to have another agent to make the lab numbers look pretty while the patient dies. 	13
Truly incredible work ;)	0
Celes represent well her talent tho	0
That's not a denial 🤔	10
I hate everything about this.	2
Fox News is generally not what I would call credible. Any other links?	7
Your driving makes me sick [NAME]	3
This makes me smile.	17
That's amazing! Did you have a zoom on the drone, or is the post effect?	13
It's gorgeous	0
Your loss. [NAME] is an excellent chef, and all of his restaurants are amazing.	0
You’re right	4
Honestly tho. Please stop posting this. We've been seeing this shit since at least 2003 and I was born in 02 ffs	3
Uh. Okay. I dont thats likely to happen. Even when people were eating babies it was not die moral reasona	10
Thank you! We’re currently shoveling ourselves out of the driveway, hopefully well be going there soon	15
The molcajete is my favorite type of Mexican food. I'm not with you on this one.	18
I never believe draft rumors of who teams are looking at or wanting, especially if its fan rumors. 	10
Thank you. This is something I really needed to hear. Hugs, mama.	15
Honestly I wouldn’t mind. Glad he’s still in the NHL. Poor [NAME] was playing in the KHL last I heard.	17
The minute I heard about this this morning, I just knew [NAME] would use it for his benefit someway, somehow... lol. :/	1
Thank you. This is well-written and it’s really helpful.	15
SHE DESERVES TO BE TRULY HAPPY. LEAVE HER [NAME].	2
I don't know what that means, nor do I care. 	6
oops, my bad.	25
Good tips. Will take into consideration everything you said. Thanks a lot !	15
And then attacking you as a person when you say you'd prefer not to be stalked and murdered. Sorry but your friend is a problem.	24
The original DayZ mod music was pretty intense.	0
Wasn't north and south Dakota one state at some point? Are they putting aside they're difference and getting back together?	7
I do! I buy 5-blade Dorcos. I'll never go back to razors marketed to women.	4
[NAME] steals the game! (and the puck for bouncing off of Detroit players)	0
Look I also love dragons, but this is just not a dragon, ok? Have some Toothless *hugs*.	18
That’s the nicest thing ever said to me. Thank you!	15
This picture is from before 2010. It was funny at the time.	1
Ayee it made it ! Enjoy	17
He’s still a handsome fella, imo. ‍♀️	0
Keep it simple. Do what makes the money so you can go do what you want.	5
I love that I’m smart, but not so smart that I’m socially awkward.	18
So he’s gonna swear at you in Klingon?	7
You made eye contact. Or flinched. Or were just alive and walking down the street.	7
Had a whole grilled lamb at an Indian restaurant once for a corporate event. It was amazing	0
I wish I could upvote this a thousand times	8
I don't think it's duping I think it probably loot cycling you can find almost the military gear from on the coast now.	10
This is hilarious	1
Not all. [NAME] is cool. If he ever runs again in the primaries he will get my vote.	4
Looks like the walk of shame. Heading home after a night of partying and to much drinking.	12
Very sure they are metal.	4
Crossposting is a terrific feature on Reddit. I'm happy if someone does it to me because it means more people will read one of my posts.	17
A buddy of mine took his exes ring and taped it to the top of a firework mortar then set it off. It was glorious	0
Wow, didn't expect this thread to get philosophical.	26
who was it I missed it	7
My girl [NAME]. Love that our names are the same bless	18
Because the universe is dumb and not fair, but we can make it less dumb	20
I'm nauseous	25
"[NAME] was the ""socialist"" freshman House Rep. I liked the most, but her recent [NAME] tweets are extremely concerning."	0
YES BOYS.	4
Yeah truly ugly people never post their pics on rateme subs.	4
What makes BDS anti-Semitic, as opposed to just anti-Israel? I see the two frequently conflated, which I think is a mistake.	10
Oh geez man... You posted this image to at least 600 subreddits.. Why And now made a new account for it...	3
awesome!!!! I believe in you!!!!!	0
This. This is the [NAME] I've been waiting on.	7
Florence, SC?? Bc if it is I wouldn’t be surprised at all 😂	7
I'd really like to see one of these red-striped zebras.	8
That was sexy	0
I love all the cast in the later seasons, but the [NAME] relationship in seasons 2-4 are prime.	18
you da real mvp!	4
If [NAME] hands the presidency to [NAME] do you really think the public will be more accepting of independent candidates?	7
I’m incredibly jealous of you and yours. Congratulations. Maybe someday I’ll have someone.. but I dream.	15
I appreciate this reference very much	0
Yeah but they actully had/have shit to be mad about. Their board is incapable.	2
Maybe, just this time, it's for the better.	20
Honestly- my period stopping is one of my favorite “old lady” things! Ha!	0
Nice try. That doesn’t work though.	10
This team is so untalented.	9
Just being impatient here before the execution information page updates, but if anyone's bought it could you tell me how much health [NAME] new execution gives? 	7
Thank you for understanding <3	15
Can't even do that anymore :(	10
I scrolled past this and thought this was a title reveal and got so excited. Good GOOD theory though!	13
I care. How are you today?	5
[NAME] deserves to play for a proper club ffs.	0
You admit to discrimination based on your personal criteria. Say no more.	2
LOL where did you hear that?!	1
Fuck the cubs	2
I hate people using the [NAME] to look “deep” on instagram posts like that. It gets on my nerves so much	10
I feel like I'm in a yoghurt advertisement announcing how my digestive system is all rejuvenated. Its that wholesome.	17
Just learn from this and move on bro. Give yourself time to mourn.	4
i don't think we really need to sign anybody to replace [NAME] assuming that pulls through, we can go small ball with [NAME] at the 4 or [NAME]	10
because [NAME] awesome.	0
Oh my goodness it's like a happy little cloud! What breed is it? Either way, omg enjoy petting that super soft puppy coat for me! 	17
It just seems extremely insensitive to say that. That’s the real problem. It invalidates the other person’s suffering.	9
I hate the marvel stuff. I do love stuff like murder mountain and you. So that’s a hit for me in the last month.	18
That escalated quickly.	4
“Real men”. [NAME] be more offensive.	3
Nice. Me too. I'm 2002. You?	4
As a household we deal with it by respecting each other's choices and opinions.	4
I love this so much	18
Finally somewhere where I'm just an average fucking person Fuck why am I crying	9
I want to give my peers money, so they can fight for my rights and privilges- see the bus pass discussion in this thread. 	8
I would say you’ll be fine just drink water and maybe run/sweat a few times before your drug test!	5
Wait...does that mean they acknowledge the 100 million figure? 👀	7
Oh [NAME], someone did it already, and it was 3 DAYS AGO O.O	26
I'm high RN and can't understand this	6
Thank you. Let's see if it does :)	15
"My husband and I are expecting a little boy. We will refuse to do the whole ""man up"" thing. No toxic masculinity here hopefully lol"	20
"""Sigh"" I thought you were better than this I thought we were over this but no you just had to do it ""Upvotes angrily"""	2
It actually depends. Do you have PCOS? Because if you do, then that would explain the change as well. 	4
"That ""Duff City"" belt is an amazing touch"	0
Yes I really miss his streams...the ONLY reason I chose adc as my main role was because of how chill chaox was.	25
The Grappler was fun to use, but way too strong.	1
I feel the guy did this only to correct his mistake and to pretend it never happened.	22
>I have, on multiple occasions, enjoyed sipping on my flask of scotch at Bowness 	13
Ha at least you’re in on the joke.	1
I hope [NAME] does get a new devil trigger. I’m sorry but seeing the same one repeatedly has gotten old.	25
Ah well I still feel a bit bad for the parrot but at least he won‘t be harmed :)	25
Cuddling. God damn is it comforting to just snuggle up in my girlfriend's arms and sit there for a while	18
Unlucky, pricks.	12
Amazing. Professional athletes doing what they're paid to do.	0
[NAME] has broken his brain so bad he’s turning [NAME] into [NAME]	25
Yeah, apparently I missed the joke back there a bit Hahaha. 	1
Thanks for the response!	15
Is that Riverside, CA? That’s where I’m from! Sadly I was barely a teen in 1993-first time I saw them was Dec. 1996	9
"""Highline poles""; I'll keep those in mind. Thanks. "	15
It’s such a good show tho	0
LMFAOOOOO that’s when family guy was still funny	1
Do you happen to know which movie/book he is talking about? Would love an interview link if you have it!	7
I thought the joke was going to be that there would be a kiwi (fruit), but this is way more wholesome	22
Thanks for posting this.	15
Are you really Belgian cause I love it	18
I do like how he instantly turns to the pilot. Like, dude, turn around, I dropped my phone!	18
We cant say dodgeball these days. It’s forbidden. Like how we call anal sex “Lawyer love” now.	10
Wow? Thanks so much for the knowledge, sir. We owe you one. 	15
Hipsters love tapes tho.	18
Serving us Ornacia!!! Honestly though I love this look!	18
The internet never ceases to surprise	26
wat u fecker	2
I should say to you that it's ok but at the cancer thing my mind changed Asshole, also get help	2
I was never a [NAME] guy, though he was CERTAINLY my 2nd choice. But I deeply love and empathize with this... 	18
Damn this is really uplifting.	4
This is a really lovely ends to a crappy means. I’m glad you enjoyed yourself and got something out of it.	17
Hahaha yes, exactly!	1
We don't lmao. Anything with humans will have the same problems.	1
The possibilities are fascinating. In other times, I'd be enjoying watching the lawyers argue...!	17
Hope you're havin a good trip my dude! Good vibes ✌🌈	20
This is my bestie's favorite song.	18
Removed and warned. R1	2
Now that you're saying it, it actually makes sense. I'll be really hurt, but if she makes him happy I can't stop him.	17
So we’re reposting stolen jokes now... cool	1
It’s ironically calling British people ugly as a meme i guess	9
People that choose to work for NGO's already make far less than their corporate counterparts, do you want them to work for free?	7
So..the head [NAME], is afraid of being rammed?	6
He's not wrong.	4
*price hike for [NAME] only. I dropped Netflix last month because of it.	9
I work from home but I still get up early for me time. House is nice and quiet at 6am.	0
Sorry, I would like your comment, but it's at 666. And I just can't bring myself to change that.	24
Yea ur right on that but that doesn't really negate my statement on the blitz.	4
[NAME] is pretty af	0
Has anyone actually read the terms of service. I haven’t...😔 Is this a valid reason to break the contract I signed?	7
But I love solids	18
Honestly i'm fine with any picture as long as it contains at least one dog	4
For crying out loud, all they had to do was use the smegging wipers!	25
I don’t believe so. I got it when the Dead Sea Scrolls exhibit was in my city.	10
Pretty terrifying. Imagine if you went on a school trip, did nothing, and came home to this.	14
[NAME] i've ever seen, nice to see that money doesn't ruin a good marriage	4
I wish someone were there to scream this at me every day.	8
The foul, smelly dump I just took > fallout 76	11
Wow! If they were to follow that logic, they would have to ask why on earth we were given doctors! Insanity.	13
I love how sly you are being	18
Aw Thank You.	15
Yeah thankfully I live in mass where it’s legal here too lol	15
[NAME] actually just released an awesome video on the self help industry and it's relationship to these folks!	13
Thanks! I'm going to Middlebury this fall but that's going on my resumé for the rest of my life tbh	15
[NAME] will be the 2nd best player in Juve team now.	4
Same thing happened to me last year ended horribly	14
And they are right. [NAME] ([NAME]) even shot the ball and missed after [NAME] made shot	4
"Without even talking about diabetes, you really must be an asshole to celebrate overeating and call it ""progress"""	3
Voting for someone to tax you to death makes no sense	3
So many? I’d be amazed if it was more than 0.1% of active players at any time	26
Quit being a crybaby. If this how you handle any criticism then it's no wonder you're alone and will be for quite some time	3
Is that good or bad?	6
Best of luck. Don't be afraid to come back if you want specific talking points if you get stuck. And take care!	5
21 year olds thriving for lower table clubs are usually interesting to bigger clubs. Will be interesting to see how he does.	7
*[NAME] (hopefully) wins roast	20
> Well maybe I dodged an argument with an idiot From the sounds of it I'm almost positive you did. Have a good one :)	3
I love how he does the [NAME] shirt-pull because he is captain.	18
This is terrible advice	10
Even after achieving 100% in this game, his performance still amazes me.	26
I still like beer.	18
I wonder if the school closures with MLK holiday reduce the priority to plow ...	26
Definitely didn’t give [NAME] a huge scar	4
I just learned about mukbang yesterday from a foreign exchange student. What luck, didn't realize they were popular outside of Asia.	22
Happy cake day!	13
Yep because running a blower for 5 minutes caused it. Not the millions of vehicles or factories we have.	10
Too ugly for love/romance/sex/dating	10
The one that just happened, at the blue line, practically a tackle	22
I am already so stoked for her eventual WATN episode, because she's going to keep kicking ass.	13
Yes officer, this one here	4
My point was that there is no good vote here. This is legislative battle over wall funding and any given vote makes sense only in that context.	10
Like I said, funny. 	1
[NAME]. Who hurt you?	7
They didnt watch everton leicester yesterday. Pretty sure everyone was still drunk	4
So not a single MP wants Brexit to be canceled? You really believe that?	7
Hey look It's a Bernout from Potomac! Lol	1
Well in that case you should just tell other people I guess. And welcome to Reddit.	15
Hi from a former [NAME]! Enjoy all the snow this weekend, we're barely getting anything in Iowa, which is frankly ridiculous. 	11
I look forward to finally trying the game out and helping you guys pump up those kill counts	5
9 to 4. That's pretty sorry.	24
That's how I used to feel but contracting oneitis added a heaping shitpile of loneliness and agony on top	9
I never watched any [NAME] films, so. That. 	10
Well tell me what happened then	7
Females living on Recruit difficulty. Smh	25
Quit serving money and [NAME] will feed you.	22
Which is bizarre because [NAME] actually dubbed those scenes back in the day, but they apparently never used them ever.	6
It's the right sub but why did we even set-up so defensively in the first place? Utterly bizarre.	7
Well shit, time to talk to the wife. It appears she has two husbands.	3
Well, I say good luck to you !	20
OH MY GOD OH MY GOD CONGRATS!!!!	13
We're entitled to express our opinion that OP's opinion is shit.	3
Oh my [NAME] stop	26
put on some real filthy porn before running errands, that'll leave the parents with having to answer really awkward questions 	12
Too bad =(	25
*tomorrow Thank you for this.	15
Google image him. Hes NEVER had a good haircut.	9
Yeah, hah. 	4
CAN IT JUST BE OPENING DAY? I’m so sick of speculation. Let’s quit the foreplay and just fuck already.	3
Yeah because what we should do is continue to be an absolute embarrassment.	12
read that as 'Belly Racing' and tbh i'm a little underwhelmed	9
Right on. Hi from saskatoon canada. Take care buddy	5
It's funny to imagine that they're calling [NAME], a married man, an incel.	1
[NAME]. I love that this is the top comment.	18
This is actually kinda cool, I like it!! 	0
Ah, well thank you. On an unrelated note, does “Benchys” mean boobs?	15
I don’t think his clothing was so tight when he purchased it..	10
Nice-full circle! Leaving [NAME] for dust- I love it.	17
I liked the Japandroids for that one year	0
"Ahhh a fellow atheist, I used that in the standard social meaning but no intention of meaning ""god"" would actually bless you lol but thx "	1
cheers to everyone who voted for me; i love all you guys!! here's to another great year of memes and laughs!	18
My boyfriend is transitioning and I hope he turns out as handsome as you!	20
I really hope this is what happens.	20
Couldn't have said it better myself	4
Drink off those hangovers boys, we have the best team in the universe to watch	0
I’m proud of you. First few days are among the toughest.	0
I think it was Volantis, but yeah I agree.	4
As every politics expert knows, there's an eternal struggle between The Holy Roman Empire and Nazis. 	4
I dont think they were angry att them self. Its allways the kids fault./s	10
[NAME] ran out of her way to butt into the conversation with [NAME] and [NAME]. [NAME] . I can't stand [NAME]	3
RAIN was amazing Strange seeing [NAME] and [NAME] looking so much younger	0
I once was the 2001st like on a youtube comment. It felt really good to be able to constantly flip that like count between 2K and 2.1K.	0
Nyaw :) imagine all the nice things he’ll have to brag about you to his next target.	1
The ochils are the only plus side to living in Clackmannanshire. Plus easy travel to anywhere in scotland	4
I was surprised to see [NAME] towing the line on his show.	26
I’d say this is spot on. He’s not sorry he hurt me. He just wants me to shut up.	11
Lol I need to see this movie again.	1
I amlooking to adopt from there! This makes me happy!	17
Im curious what shirt [NAME] is getting for the dance dance stream after all that sub train.	7
Okay, that was actually shocking.	26
As someone who is Scandinavian, you have to admit that [NAME] are either short or VERY tall.	4
Most underrated subreddit.	10
happy early birthday OP! have fun !	17
This is it thank you so much	15
I'm disappointed [NAME] never plays guitar again.	9
No, go home	10
I like it that way :) My point is that you’re an attention seeker like [NAME]	4
Omg it’s like you’re taking the words from my mind.	26
Ah, my bad. Always mix em up. Thanks for the correction!	15
The nightmares I'm going to have tonight would like to thank you in advance.	15
I wouldn't be surprised if their confidence is so shot that they lose this control and lose 3-0	26
i see it in a different way, but i understand why you see it like that	4
Its a funny joke but it's delivered horribly	10
And in some US states, still that range just sets off weird vibes.	12
I'm so delighted that my boyfriend has found this community.	17
Good video, friend	0
This is very cool! I'll definetly be using this.	0
Thank you for being the only person here to choose, not to be offended. This is a good burn. 	15
Actually i barely remember any threads about him getting to rank 1 in recent years. Most of them were about his insane winrates against gold-plat players.	0
The moral of the story is obviously you should only engage women with whom you have a prior business arrangement. I.e., whores.	22
I love your your moment, too many favs I but first that comes to mind is [NAME] finally suits up as [NAME] 	18
Yeah, I really thought [NAME] would take his game to the next level coming here, not a big step back. Hopefully consistency will help him out. 	20
Simply amazing.	0
I'd love for some kind of throwback jersey game with [NAME] wearing the old-style goalie cage mask ala [NAME].	18
i mean i hate these takes that because we turned the ball over 26 times, the rotations werent a problem. They clearly were	2
Hm why are there age restrictions on the sex toys? :P	7
lol..You're not getting [NAME] or any of the young core..	17
Kids are awesome	0
You’re good, no worries	0
My wife is going to hate me for laughing my ass of when I tell her this later. Worth it!	1
Thank you. Well said.	15
They laughed in our faces for a decade. Not to mention they were actually cheating (bountygate).	17
Pepsi tastes better in the UK than Coke but US/Canada coke is pure diabetes and Pepsi is disgusting.	11
Because this creep wanted to put his hands on the girl.	3
I know, that's why I said one of the reasons. The main reason is his uselessness when your team is bad	11
Who would have thought ! I'm glad he didn't shoot someone on his way down !	15
fuck the caps!	2
I wish there was videos of people like this figuring it out later organically and just feeling dumb lol	8
My 1 year old ate TWENTY TWO broccoli tots for lunch. And he still wanted a cookie afterwards. Like...what?!	26
Real class A asshole there	2
They probably got de-funded. I need to support them.	5
Alright. I’ll do that. I just don’t want to fail the cdcs you know thank you.	15
You just going into the posse menu and buy the persistent posse. It costs $200. Good luck ❤️	4
really? I tried last NYE during the day and it was dead	7
Absolutely love this song, up there as one of my favorite fav frank songs	18
[NAME] is garbage in every single game he plays. He needs to be traded	9
He's a garbage person. It's very disappointing. I liked him so much before.	9
I didn't realise	22
Oooooooooo that’s a sweet format, love it. Thanks! 	15
Ah, alt right thinking. Afraid of people who have anything 'upstairs,' or 'between their ears.'	14
What have you censored?	7
Lol. Your dad made me laugh. Tell him thanks.	15
I hated doing group work. Unless groups were assigned I always went by myself.	3
I think transparency was the right move here. The guy ghosted you for a while anyway so it doesn't seem like much of a loss.	4
Um. Not sure what your point is here. Especially with that last paragraph...	6
I'm glad you're doing a bit better. Sorry about your grandma. Good luck.	16
So do I, but I don’t want them to be associated with government espionage and other shady shit either.	10
Yea but I hate existing, it’s nothing but sadness 	25
I agree: most [NAME] are much better than Prophet [NAME], which directly contradicts [RELIGION] doctrine.	4
I'm ashamed that while trying to figure out what TKE stands for all I can come up with is Tau Kappa Epsilon.	12
In sorry but that seems like quite a shallow grave...	24
Let's us both hope you will be losing it come by the end of the September then... LOL It would be freaking awesome if it happens.	1
It sucks it didn’t work out good luck in cincy and thanks for that Alcs game	15
This is the most accurate representation of BO4 I have seen yet👍👍👍	0
Lol I felt like I was reading my own tinder story...	1
Lol hows that different then [NAME]	1
This is my favourite movie. Not enough can be said for [NAME] acting. One of the best things about it.	0
I hate to be the bearer of bad news but she is more than likely dead and will never get to say goodbye	16
What was their GDP then? You forgot that part.	7
"[NAME] was caught stealing his neighbors newspapers. He pockets all the money that is given to him and he does not use it effectively. [NAME] sad ""life"""	3
I wonder what was stopping that barber using the lightning network for payments?	7
I loved [NAME]. He didn't seem evil at all!	18
Lol, you guys are as popular in this thread as in real life!	1
The title made me laugh so much after reading this. Glad things are going great with your wife. Many more happy years to you three (:	17
.....I should have thought of this!	22
found it already but thank you	15
Well that has cleared up, but the damage is done and there is zero trust now, so it'll never end.	4
No one is getting jailed for cannabis that's the biggest fucking joke I've heard all week	1
Thanks! Do you think a skeleton fort shouldn’t be too hard for a 3 man crew of average players?	15
Sorry im a french guy	24
I wouldn’t expect anything less than those deplorable traitorous trumptards.	2
Good looking calamari.	0
Was impressed til I saw you main [NAME]	0
No I dont think I said that anywhere	10
Because killing people is wrong?	10
No telling I know is not eat it, I like eggs and I like cottage cheese but yuck no they can’t touch!	18
His! Watch out! That cars coming straight for you! Omg guys she’s arguing with ferrah, she can’t hear us help!	26
Are you sure? He's a rarity if he has never taken up the habit.	6
Haha, only one species. More the Cockatoos	1
"I didn't say ""do it for the children,"" but I understand if reading isn't a strong suit for you."	10
"This feels more like ""Lofi Rock"" if that exists, or even Jazz. Very interesting."	17
Can you provide any evidence to your claim that right wingers are using this to smear her?	7
U can still pour it out the lock holes. Hook it up	20
Baby, You get all the credit with your excellent research!	0
I'm guessing you jumped straight to being offended too fast to realize that this is ironic. that's all tongue in cheek.	22
He’s a great guy? Calm down lol	1
I’m gonna need a couple more checks before I trade down for a retarded kid.	8
Good demo	0
bless his heart	5
A video was just released showing this altercation. Within Syria is rarely wrong.	9
PNW represent! Southern Oregon. Our non-mono scene is....pretty sparse.	0
Are the ones playing now ready ? If so they are very terrible. Rather we play the players that are not ready	6
This post fucking sucks because it doesn't cater to my beliefs.	2
yay another let's keep nerfing survivors to the ground patch... fun	1
I came here for this. You and your fancy teeth filled with toxic PFAS can bite me!	3
First of all how DARE you plague this country with your USELESSNESS you degenerate smh	2
ahhh yes, that post from 2 years ago with 39 upvotes, remember it like it was yesterday. 	4
[NAME] IS SO HAPPY AND SO AM I!! Edit: [NAME] I see you, relax	17
Ew yes I’m glad you brought that up.	17
Thank you. Its only applicable if its not in the customer's favor and if they follow other stipulations.	15
>So that was a **fucking** lie. FTFY.	2
Thanks for sharing, we have a new thread for today	15
Laziest team I've ever seen.	11
"""Oh, how DARE you discuss the disgustingly unhealthy and dangerous lifestyle I pursue!"" /s"	2
My man!	21
A better description would be she got a nasty fright rather than it being terrifying.	11
Great write up, you’ve sold me on Munchak being a good hire.	0
Yeah I'm gonna do that....Thank you...she just doesn't like the feeling of condoms but i dont care need to put my foot down	15
The scorpion one on the swing set looked so bad. I think I heard her back break/crack.	11
This is pretty funny. I’ve known dozens of people who fall into all of those stereotypes.	1
Glitter is awful for everything	11
Your idea of what a nice entre or nice wine cost at a restaurant are... Interesting....	0
> Am i missing something? Because it won't be repealed.	6
Velvet Taco, and it is amazing.	0
You're an awful human being.	11
I so remember that scene!!!!!	22
K. If you can't see that staffing and turnover are a contributing factor to quality of care then idk what to tell you. Cheers.	3
Thank you. It doesn't sound so bad, at least on paper.	15
Thanks! Will give them a call!	15
I'm very much like that, here's my face lol You're either interested or you're not	1
watching [NAME] play after quite some time. She has lost insane amount of weight! Did this happen after stabbing incident?	7
Because [NAME] was playing awful in the first two sets. Absolutely terrible.	11
So true.... hes my baby but I never expected his level of protectiveness, hes literally an ounce so it's pretty crazy to see	0
I love that you know this tidbit!	18
WHAT!? *I thought you were a local!?*	7
I'm not sure these guys are wingers, but other than that, I'm very happy so far	17
This actually happened but no one clapped	9
Good job Mr [NAME]. That is all	0
I don’t believe there’s a hell or heaven.	10
Great for domestic workers.	0
We both will be having a read at these links, thank you! 	15
This comment has sent me on a several hour journey down the rabbit hole of [NAME]. Thank you	15
What is your career field? Maybe you should take a break or something? Beating your head against a wall every day has to be frustrating.	7
My imaginary friend is always busy. I never get to do anything with him eigher :(	9
Ah good ole no child left behind	0
> Basically tell them to screw off and realize their selfishness You mean my grandparents / aunt?	3
Yeah it's only been posted 30 times already	4
No problem. Glad you were able to take something away from that.	17
I cried more here than in Star Wars.	25
I see what you saw there.	4
Damn, good luck dude hope it goes well.	20
Did you see the Beauty News video about it? One of their Estee Lauder products turned out to have been expired before they even bought it 🤢	7
I was just in shock when she answered the door for devoin.	26
I had no idea! The art style just seemed similar to me. Looks like I’ve got a new show to watch.	6
I know right, im pre everything but sometimes i paint my nails and people will tell me how much they look like a womands hands.	4
that tease tonight lowered my hopes	9
Super Bowls are overrated anyways. s. I'm more angry about back-to-back seasons ending on a fade to Crabtree in the endzone.	2
Science has its role in a society. It should serve that role. It should not try to usurp morality, spirituality etc.	8
There is no quick fix to controlling it better. For pwBPD it tends to require a lot of therapy, often DBT.	10
yeah i misread billions as millions. my bad	9
False. Drop bears.	10
Thank you so much!	15
What are those baby blue thingies?	7
I watch almost every Bears game as I am in that market lol	1
Get in touch with a lawyer. No one in Reddit can answer this. Throwing her out really would be better.	2
Disney World/Land or NYE at Time's Square have always made me nervous.	19
Having high empathy is great, but I'm still trying to figure out what to do with it.	0
But they still go around the houses, 111 is long as fuck though.	3
He's played the best ball of his life the past few weeks. Didn't see this coming though	0
"I sure as sugarplums aint seen any ""gives"" around "	4
And still so few go to college): Such a broken system.	9
What is it that we don't know yet about the Rebellion, if you don't mind me asking?	7
I’m so glad I have my own car	17
I thought that too, but I was wrong. And I know that full health is 170.	4
Like, [NAME]?	7
I REALLY MISS GRIFFIN REINHART	9
Truly a beautiful story, 11/10 :')	0
I’m not guessing anything. I didn’t make any claims about her viability against trump. You did.	10
Disgusting amount of oil.	11
Doordash pays less than minimum wage, no money even to buy cheesecake from the cheesecake factory after paying rent and Bills 😥	25
I hope they don't do that just to please pissed off fans who want everything to be cliché.	20
Really takes ya by surprise anyway though, huh?	26
[NAME] has been injured for a while... No point in doing that comparison. Not sure if a troll or just new to football	6
Lol they were trying so hard to get that viral	1
[NAME] is on fire!!!	2
Pressing Q everytime garrosh tries to throw someone helps tho, if u wanna play support, play like one, thanks	15
This is so good!	0
Men, you're ought to love the first hour in hospital of a new father. They're a merge of emotions that flow over the ER.	18
Bestest boi.	0
Well, I don't agree, but I do appreciate having a real discussion rather than just name calling lol. Agree to disagree	10
Man, I remember when we were utter pish. Those were not happy memories.	10
Just another above average looking girl who works out for a year and gets a million followers for posting her ass. We live in a society	3
You will be fine.	5
Ah from what I understood you could barely read the biggest line on the chart. I thought this was a general statement.	22
I just wanna stick my hand in it and grab handfuls and stir it all around lol	1
I'm not sure why [NAME] would care about the backstop. Maybe he just wants to rile up the Tories.	6
fuck lacy evens, she has not been impressive at all	2
That's gorgeous!	0
My hair never scrunched and I was so jealous	9
Get some help with your decision. Maybe your church or some non-profit group in your area can talk you through it. Good luck! Keep us updated.	20
This post is SO HELPFUL. Thank you!!	15
Play something else and come back later. You’re burning yourself out	5
DWIGHT, NEVER YELL AT THE CUSTOMERS	2
... and no one seemed to care Except that lonely woman with white hair	25
shut up, [NAME]!	2
Australia... Nooooooooooo!	10
Thank you, that makes me feel better :)	15
I have a paper yardstick from IKEA in my purse. It has been very helpful for the craziest of reasons.	4
I got through it when I got home, thanks! :)	15
I've said it before, but yuck, kissing that bloody mouth... Watch out, [NAME], you don't know where that's been.	2
Haven’t watched much of his other stuff but I loved his debunking of [NAME].	0
As QA I can confirm that I have no idea what I'm doing	6
Better start believing in miracles then! LOL	1
"""Electricity scam""? ...and I'm pretty sure [NAME] is not an idiot."	4
I think that's a minority, not the majority there.	10
this actually made me LOL, thanks	15
Married to the love of my life. LOL	18
I’ll check out and see if is!! Thank you ☺️	15
Thank you, I'll try that. And yes I'll definitely thank her if I see her again.	15
So glad you left this note. This is the way it’s done! Newspaper (or similar) and everything.	0
True dat. I’m an AFC guy, but I’m even more an AFC West guy. Send the [NAME] home, Chefs!	4
If you really think a horror movie needs jump scares then I feel bad for you son.	25
hmm... it didnt work for me when i posted it but now it does... weird af	11
Then income is the right criteria for equality initiatives. That's the logical conclusion we should arrive at from my and your statement	4
they just dropped KAP45. Free for 2 amazing guns but a pistol costs money? What gives.	7
Hasn't he also lied about his height previously?	7
You forgot [NAME] and [NAME] as [NAME] and [NAME] in the 2003 *Battlestar Galactica*, which was spectacular. 	26
Congratulations and by the way, you’re not fat, you are down to earth.	0
No, you said you think she deserves whatever she can afford. Can she afford housing?	6
Thank you u/closeteverything69, very cool!	15
loving the salah hate	18
I always flew out from Edinburgh. First time flying out from Glasgow and I was shocked at how small and... dingy it felt in comparison.	26
He should just give it to you right?	7
Is it... alive?	7
"This a very serious question but I will say what everyone else will: ""I want [NAME] out"""	4
i feel like this isn't being talked about enough.	9
Your funny, thanks	15
That damn FDR who America loved so much they had to write an amendment to the Constitution to keep anyone else from being elected that many times	2
When you dint know Anarchism at all so you think you can be anarchist and capitalist at the same time !	3
Hey bud, I’d honestly try to complain a little less and I promise you’ll slowly become a happier person	5
Now THIS IS shitposting	2
Medley? 🤮	7
I like both.	18
Nope, but I'm sure it was mostly sales, you can lose a lot of clients if they lose the salesperson they have a relationship with.	10
[NAME] 👩👩👩 this Is for real, this makeup 💄 💄💋 makes you glow 🌟✨ no 🚫🚫🚫🚫 filters needed 💯💯💯💯💯	4
Based on that cars wheels it is now very tired.	19
I am sorry for making fun of your username, I sincerely apologize.	24
That would be cool	20
Yeaaahhh... *blushes*	17
I noticed that too. Maybe it pumps them up too.	22
Honestly if I didn't have this many favorite characters not yet in the game, I would probably waste my 7 votes on Merlinus.	18
Ooh, that's interesting info actually (*heads to capfriendly to check how many years until [NAME] is a UFA*)	17
I got $10 on Anzac Day as the guy won money and 2 x $5 tips that’s all.	17
The shipping container are my friends, damnit	2
Oh, goodness!	13
4th generation representing!	13
If you have a bad memory, you have to train yourself to take notes	24
You poor poor fellow	25
The menzingers are sick, good luck out there bud	11
[NAME] has gotta he replaced or that was just terrible writing	14
If you’re going to be a psycho you might as well smile and make it look like you’re a happy one.	17
I wish for world peace!	20
I’m dying from your comment. I actually literally laughed out loud from it.	1
"When it gushed out I caught myself saying ""ooof"" out loud"	26
Its distasteful to complain about male-dominated space like stem? **pearl clutching intensifies**	10
Uh, you can’t see the grille?	6
Oh I know. I will never forget either of those scenes, poor kid.	9
If this is a medical situation the analogy still applies 🙄	4
This is very helpful, I'll dive into these links thanks	15
Too fast for me in the chat room. I'm on my phone and can't type that fast. Here is more relaxed and everyone is hilarious.	1
Right? If I worked 75 hour weeks I'd want more than a damn gift card to a coffee shop	20
Hah. Thanks!	15
Why do the Jets have players at the Pro Bowl and the Pats only have their mascot there?!	7
YOU WRITE LIKE A YOUNGER MAN, WITH NOTHING HELD BACK. ADMIRABLE, YET MISTAKEN.	0
No worries. Glad you like it	17
Exactly. He is doing a diet trend that just happens to be meat-free.	4
That was a great interview	0
"There's too much focus on ""our side Vs their side"" and things just seem to be getting worse"	3
Thank you. I needed to be told that. I knew it but needed affirmation I guess.	15
Man, I would cry tears of joy if my two-year-old cousin could just say my name, let alone say a coherent sentence.	17
what a dumb moment of faux outrage. can't wait to see what contrived outrage someone thinks up next.	13
Nah, share it then down vote it in to oblivion.	10
it looks like she took it in a totally different direction which i’m loving	18
Can't wait to see the corporate oligarchs that are *lucky* enough to *randomly* get picked.	13
Preach. The nuthuggers and happy go lucky blind sheep if the front office are nowhere to be found. So disappointed in this team.	9
So we are a theocracy?	7
There must be some awful things happening right at this second	11
He hates the Falcon because his dad would leave him all the time on it as a kid	2
omg pizza time with junko time	26
I'm honestly surprised you haven't been banned yet.	26
No I know. This group has been mostly helpful. And the rude comments were deleted by the mods.	4
Great point.	0
I love it. Probably my favorite game mode right now. Especially when playing with a buddy.	18
Woah, dude. That's some research! You should totally make video essays and earn some bucks on YouTube.	0
But seriously, you're probably going to feel very sick 	5
Thanks [NAME]!	15
Is this Dragon Age style?	7
Wall St is scared of the 2020 Democratic primary.. Good!	14
*people’s ..this is awkward	12
"""THE SAMPLE SUCKS! THAT TOWN HALL MEETING WASN'T EVEN AS GOOD AS THE TLIC ONE"" "	3
I missed you [NAME] you're pretty cool	0
This moment always reminded me of being a kid and turning on Nickelodeon only to find Nick News with [NAME]. Ultimate disappointment.	9
It was pretty cool seeing him play all the horrible games based off his childhood stardom on AVGN’s YouTube channel. Fucking [NAME].... Bane of my childhood.	0
I guess you were hoping for love from someone who is not well enough to offer love.	20
And you don't take delight in seeing the person you love in pain. Amen my dear!	18
Remember the year “Song 2” was number 2? Good times.	0
I ended up with my kneecap dislocated like that back in the 80’s (it was a tragic hackysack accident). 12/10 would not recommend.	10
You’re not wrong, the red flags are there. You have every right to be concerned.	4
I am more of a dumbass for building a $2500 308 AR-10 for my first rifle... regret it but just not willing to sell it till this day	24
I can definitely see this one	4
This is my favorite wild memory	17
Both directions? They should all be arrested. This will cost the people of Edmonton a lot of time and money. Fuck these pricks.	3
Let's hope you've got the self control to not binge :) I know I didn't	20
Cop is stupid for upholding the law, I think most people here would beg to differ but wtfdik	3
Oh [NAME] lol the cringe is palpable	1
Well, I'm glad you're out of all that now. How awful. The way they act, they make you think healthy boundaries are you being hostile.	15
he did alledge collusion on the part of the owners and GMs against the players. this guy colludes.	10
I just got a $250 Bucca order, lets see what happens	13
Well that’s not what was said he said drugs that kill you sooner than your meant to die.. nicotine fits that description	16
what a shame that online sellers have made malls obsolete	11
Love it.	18
Except he does literally every game, but not everyone can watch them. 	22
Hopefully but I don't think it's going to change anytime soon	20
that was absolutely beautiful	0
Love [NAME]! MAGA and [NAME]! [NAME]! But this is not helping....	18
Thank you. I hope things get better for you, and I believe in you, too.	15
Maybe but their fish tacos are really good.	0
I’m sorry I only have orange ones :(	24
I liked the charlie one more.	18
a partner of mine made it -- it's just about my favorite meme ever	17
You are grieving a hard loss, and might benefit from some grief therapy.	25
I didn’t say you should take my word for it. You’re not discussing this sincerely.	10
Out of curiosity, what is your profile pic/info?	7
and they are indeed made of gold. this seems like reasonable jewelry prices. or at least not out of left field for designer pieces.	4
You’re right to defend your property is more valuable than the person who’s trying to steal it.	4
I'd be happy to make a donation if you've got some left!	5
Yeah, right.	4
Who was the molester in the family cause the way you worded it confused me	6
Is that so bad?	7
I have a boobs but a penis, it’s quite the embarrassment.	12
Hey cool! I'm a cow. I love milk. Drink a litre a day at least. Love me some moo juice.	18
Oh damn, it’s gonna hunt me down. 	2
I love that ammunition. I want to make 200 of them, but I think you may be limited?	18
Need to go middle of the road no [NAME] is going to vote for [NAME].	9
I will pray that she (or whoever may be pressuring her into making this decision) will have a change of heart and spare the baby's life.	8
Thank you! Yeah, she won't take bs.	15
Good layup [NAME] now just try not to get completely lost on defense haha	1
All those statistics are nonsense. There has never been “true” capitalism.	10
I disagree with you, therefore you must be an idiot. K.	10
You’ll just be throwing them up. Ain’t worth it.	10
This is awful and borderline abuse. I can't imagine thinking that's even slightly okay	25
I have no clue what that is, but I hope you have fun	5
i already gave away too much of the secret it's relevant save yourself before its too late	5
Wish the teacher has spelled inventors correctly before testing the students.	8
“hurrrr mumble crap sucks so much u cant understand what they saying wheres all the lyrical spiritual miracle individual biblical rhymes smh”	3
please don’t make me have to bring up fire emblem in trader joe’s again i can never go back	9
Sorry. Bad day.	25
That’s what we keep trying to tell TSCC!!! ;)	4
Crating your dog is also banned in some places, that doesn't make it cruel.	4
"THE IMAGE ASKS ""WOULD YOU VIOLENCE THIS BABY IF BABY WORE HAT"" THE ANSWER IS ""NEH"""	2
Lol, that actually sounds kinda like [NAME]' rallying cry! 	1
When they touch my arm or shoulder while talking. Usually they do it with no sexual intent at all, but it still gives me butterflies. 	13
my 3.5mm jack came with my iphone se and I can literally never lose it as long as I have my phone.	5
Humiliation on top of arrest!!!	12
This is my favorite [NAME] joke I've seen	13
I'm worried that even in the summer we're not going to have the funds necessary to do that.	9
You could have the sweetest peach in the world, and there is always someone who just doesn't like peaches.	3
Except it's the NFL an he can say fuck it an demand more money at anytime and I wouldn't put it past him.	3
The Iowa State Cyclones are my favorite college basketball team.	0
No, honestly. I’ve never had this problem until now and I’m not sure what’s happening 	6
You look like 1 of those ISIS fighters got shot in the head	11
I agree with everything. Yet, society and its stupid outdated, conservative norms see it otherwise.	3
Thank you!!! /s	15
Rain and snow, the whitetail mountains would have looked so nice covered in snow	0
> The only concrete rule change was to limit underage players (usually students) total daily play time. Is that a good thing really?	6
That's the reason I am terrified to wear contacts on duty. I'm afraid it'll get stuck between my contacts and eyes and destroy my pupils.	14
Trust me, I my self wish it happened before this filming	8
Are you saying only corrupt companies make a profit? That doesn't sound right to me.	10
Ok. You’re just being silly now. Good night.	1
Gotta play the identity politics game. She’s black and a lady.	4
oh my [NAME] that first post 🤢🤢	11
I see, thanks for the clarification.	15
The face in the bottom photo is perfect!	0
I'm not in the loop of this storyline as college has consumed whatever free time I have, so can you explain this to me please	7
I'm okay with killing babies in general. I mean, mastification is the cornerstone of my diet.	4
Thank you for these advices can't wait to make them to the test ;)	15
Not sure if /s but he's referring to the Jericho siren on the stuka	6
That’s really cool of you to do man!	0
I thought [NAME] the apostle was *fantastic.* Seeing those early [NAME] suffering like that really drove home what a baby I am.	0
I wanna fight freely in a Da shitposting, but I want the bromance more.	8
That’s what they said when the provincial election for Ontario happened too Then [NAME] begged on tv, that low life. Good luck! 	20
Yeah, it's too expensive to eat out all the time, even if its fast food. 	4
Sorry I thought you called me dumb. Long story. A misunderstanding. Sorry	24
I wonder why you're sitting at -2 for that comment. Very strange.	26
The comment thread is a hot mess and wouldnt be out of place in 2016. How do things not change....	9
Of course not.	10
I hope the guys play 60 minutes tonight! Have a nice day everyone c:	20
5 1/2 years until the presidential next election... Let's hope [NAME] can figure something out in that time.	20
Yea just went yesterday and the woodhaven area didn’t seem too bad. Seems very country for being only 25min from downtown.	4
No, instant transmission is only to places you've been and people you know	10
This sounds like a great idea! Stop STUPIDITY Act	0
This mode is dead. Sorry :/	25
this is a thing? oh no	26
Wasn't hurtful at all. It felt comforting to me reading it. We're all good.	4
WE LIKE SPORTZ AND WE DON’T CARE WHO KNOWS	18
My exam is over and my winter break starts now 🎉🎉💃 I've been waiting for this omg	13
From his username I can tell he lives in a city close to me. I'm sorry everyone, Vermont has better to offer than the likes of him	24
I have a book that outlines why [NAME] reject [NAME] on the grounds of prophesies. Maybe you could work off of those?	6
That isn't the issue. The issue is shilling your channel.	10
Not anymore it seems.	10
OK, I think I can binge and rebinge the entire run 20 or 30 more times before then, PHEW!	20
Erin's is so precious	0
What something is missing? Curious on your thoughts	7
lol eat your own farts Trumpkin	1
Thank you kind internet stranger for listening to me. I feel a little less alone for the moment.	15
How is that relevant? The rules are simple, do not attack character.	7
Thanks now I gotta go listen to golden earring	15
Weather forecast for Minnesota area. Wednesday -15 to -33. Sunday 43 to 29 and rain. What the fuck?	2
Great concept but, there is going to be a Danganrompa 4	0
Too much sympathy in this thread for a creep who didn't get consent first. I'm glad he got humiliated on tv.	3
I can't believe that we've seen this ep before and missed the poster. Wish I could upvote y more than once.	8
now thats a good use for a glue gun	0
this is so unbelievably adorable	0
Wow, this is why I never want to become a parent.	22
So THIS is the Bad Place!	11
I'm impressed that you have little knowledge of the game, would you unsubscribe?	0
haha I'm guessing she doesn't spark joy for you, so you can let her go 	1
I wish my mom was like you. Moms like her make us feel like our whole life has just been an identity crisis.	8
You're not a good person if you make the person that just let you inside their body feel bad and disrespected.	10
Why is the waitress posting here?	7
It wasn't any better 10 years ago if that offers any sense of relief.	22
Lol this pregame about players sucking and getting sent down and then coming back up later and doing better. A giant message to our facebook fans.	1
It’s got to be embarrassing at this point	12
I would love to be woken up by that	18
Damn have they not heard of shelters. Bro go adopt a pupper.	3
Many thanks!	15
Goodness, don't say that. But then, if that half is the one that survives I don't want to	10
Thanks for the lead. Ordered.	15
You can't be worse than [NAME], your hired!	11
He can’t do that! Shoot him, or something!	2
Would your 20s have been better?	7
I am just a guy who went to a normal school and I understood every single word	21
The thought that the armed forces of the US unironically use it is hilarious.	1
Watch your back u/Youareapooptard, [NAME] might hunt you down and burn you alive for that relatively minor insult	2
okay, enjoy living in ignorance and hatred	17
They're so scared	14
Thanks for the support	15
i read your first sentence laughed and stopped reading easily verified basic historical facts are not conjecture genius	1
Do you even TRY TRY TRY???	7
I heard rumors of this. From what I understand the plan is to set off nukes to get the core spinning again. Awesome Movie Reference BTW!	0
we roll tonight to the guitar bite. and for those about to rock, I salute you 	0
Whats wrong with removing illegal immigrants?	7
This is beautiful and accurate	0
Sex with men is hotter Maybe because society says it’s wrong	4
Sounds like you have the situation firmly under control. Keep maintaining boundaries, focusing on the things that matter, and ignoring her need for drama. 	0
If I ever feel like getting shot... I am going to use this line. Thanks!	15
I was thinking about the exact same thing before commenting, thanks for the clarification!	15
You can't simply shut a baby up, lol	1
Now I'm worried that cat will get salmonella :(	19
I hear lobsters are great	0
He's being serious but the man himself is a joke.	1
As someone who is about to be 29 this is the realest thing I’ve ever seen.	0
There's so much missing information that is hard to dissect. Did you initiate the divorce? What was the reason for the divorce?	3
I wish my family was a gov so I could charge random people on the street for my family's mess ups :/	8
I mean, me neither! Who would have thought?! We saved a girl's life. Cheers!	6
I love having a deep bench, and being able to have really solid players step in when we have injuries. [NAME] was solid.	0
Hopefully created a monster. Also, I killed the morning at work.	20
Such pretty kitties!	0
I would have laughed it off and walked away. Last thing I would do is ask the internet if I was right or wrong.	1
Oh man. Hardest lesson for me to learn as a new dm was that even with experienced players, combat with 7 PCs is brutally time consuming 	2
Interesting, no denial about being an unwelcome individual. If my suspensions are public knowledge then prove it. 	7
Agreed but I’ll still take kpins if they’re available	4
I love those moments	18
this guy is such a douchebag	3
Chia is this you?	7
There’s a special place in hell for u	2
Totally!! It was such a relief to see that I wasn't the only one (female HL in a DB).	23
That tiny shoulder pad is freaking adorable.	0
Just spitballing here, but im pretty sure he likes basketball. Really weird, i know.	4
He does look much better	0
I’ve reported her before I think that’s why she stopped pming me and started following my comment history instead.	22
“Start caring about Reddit downvotes” has to be the weirdest life advice I’ve received in years.	3
What a nice moment. Being in nature is super helpful to me for these moments :)	0
McDonalds without sauce is just sad... you take away my garlic mayo and my barbecue sauce and you take away my soul	25
I’m thinking it’s from when she was abused when she was pregnant and lost the baby.	25
That's if you make the smallest payments possible, but if you just need to float a payment, then they will work. 	20
They’re so angry!	2
I can feel that man's feelings and I'm crying	25
I took a picture of a farmer treating his crops with roundup yesterday.. it was horrifying	14
That one pesky drop of water was in it for the long haul.	3
I wish it was only -25. -45 where i am.	8
kill me. lifes meaningless bc of this	25
biological gender isn't real. it's biological sex. do some research	10
Excuse me, I hate to bother you but could you please inform me what you find so aggravating about sea Lions?	7
My experience has been the opposite. Younger guys are sweeter and try harder- without trying to wife me down. We just have fun together	1
Write a reply by all means, but be gentle and respectful.	0
I really felt for this mother. You could tell how frustrated and exasperated she was. Glad she was there to stand up for her kids.	25
The cringe is just beautiful	0
You lost me again, I don't know what sex selective imprinting is. Let's not get off track. Still waiting on definition. 	6
Victimless crime? Fuck you! Sounds like your unrepentant for being a crippling alchoholic.	2
My response would have been, If [NAME] sees me as unworthy, then I do believe that [NAME] would have more use for my tithings.	20
Yea the conversation went as expected and now I'm looking for a new job. Thanks to all for the help	15
It's annoying. You always gotta give the other guy a chance. That's how MMA works	3
Thank you anyway! I’m 30 and I don’t get a lot of these things.	15
Saw that on Scrubs, love that show.	18
Yeah, but the sound of a fork against the stainless would be absolutely unbearable. 	3
There is a huge hormone dump around 48-72 hours after birth. Totally normal. Take care of yourself, eat well, and get some rest.	5
"I saw these in a cart and I was so confused why the tennis balls were so small...then I noticed the word ""gum""."	6
Some people enjoy their music and their fans for the sake of others opinions.	17
Yeah my guess at this point is either a 2 year bridge or 8x8.	6
Jeez. I don't understand how anyone thinks that's an acceptable way to treat another person, especially their spouse or partner. 	6
I love you	18
< video does a good job explaining push/pull.	0
I would give r/momforaminute a visit, the people over there are fantastic and I think they can give you some comfort 	0
Just woke up from one. Glad to know it's not just me. Hope you have a good return!	20
That's really interesting.	0
I forgot it’s Saturday r/trees :) If you read the rules you get this	22
Yes!! Im always horny when I am with my BF, but right around ovulation, I am super horny!	13
Happy New Year everyone! It’s 11:42 in CA 2019’s almost here	13
Don't hold your breath!	10
Wait u went to a hooker? I thought it was a massage person that was attracted to you	6
I don't believe you, but even if that were true it still harms nobody	10
They just shot up a mall. They’re complete fucking idiots.	2
Every time I see this it makes me so happy.	17
... the eagle was chosen as the emblem of US in 1782. How are your timelines this messed up?	6
I hate that myself	2
It was weird indeed, but I liked it too! (Maybe because I’m a musicals geek).	18
Good job, white truck! Don't use the damn shoulder to pass!	0
Konami?! They havent made a relevant or decent game since the 90s.	10
Pretty much lol	1
It may have been funny in 2010, but now it's completely unorginal and boring. 	10
Kinda reminds me of Arctic Monkeys' 'Favourite Worst Nightmare' cover art	22
Oh, sorry	24
Are you being sarcastic for good news? lol	7
Imagine being born in 1987 and not having been invited to a party since your friend's birthday party in 1999 though :(	25
Good lord [NAME], just don’t buy it	0
>I think any progressive would be against laws that force anyone to say anything. You thought wrong.	10
wow great news . happy for him	13
Yay!!! Finally the fix we're all looking for after hours of endless scrolling.	13
This joke is disgusting and offensive. Dictionaries don't contain proper nouns!	11
You all are looking at this guy reading this book, but ARE YOU SEEING HOW HAIRY THIS GUYS ARM IS?!?	7
Nice try FBI.	0
The worst part is that neither party appears to have learned anything from this dumpster fire.	22
Lol what boyfriend	1
You are forgetting driving. Somehow the law is full of examples of this double standard.	3
Because Warlord actually has NO moveset at all and is literally the most boring videogame char to play.	10
If it’s weed I’m going to be disappointed. Can’t we all just go to the store and get it?	9
You were so close.	4
I'm not your buddy, friend. Btw, enjoy the rumble you nice dude. 	17
I hope you're pregnant, I'm not doing this anymore... Gx	20
Oh no, her eyebrows	11
Good luck my friend!	20
I'm more than sure we [NAME] lovers feel the same way, her outfits are awful	11
I want to know them - so I can actually murder them. (With words, that is.)	10
It's a miracle! This is how religions start.	13
Yes, I filed for a protective order. Other than that, there is no happy ending with a narc.	4
Then keep your hands visible and fight the ticket in court. Don’t understand how this is such a complex issue.	10
All that interesting information and you get 3 upvotes , feels bad man 	25
lmao im am using ALL of this money to pay my student loans! and starting with a $100 again, see if ill do it again :)	1
Good luck!	20
I have trouble even remembering what true happiness feels like	25
I hate that you've forced me to deal with a reality I've been blissfully ignoring.	2
Tell that to r/Polygrumps (very *VERY* NSFW) dude. They scare me more than this sub.	14
I just want to know how he got all that ice out of his bin	7
"""I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself."" Thank you [NAME]. "	15
The opposition need to come together, for the meanwhile, and put their differences aside and attack the real enemy, not each other. 	22
I was guessing because you can use the HVAC in a Prius without running the engine. They're good vehicles to live in for that reason	0
Thanks, but I am most certainly broken.	15
That government was not democratically elected. But you knew that already.	3
[NAME] is a terrible writer, a raging narcissist, and not an actual friend to anyone. 	11
also Appendix: i will explode whenever i feel like it to cause you pain	3
I’m that skinny and have so much trouble gaining weight	25
Have you found any of the students with you have common interests?	7
I now know what taking acid would feel like	22
I really like [NAME]. He has such a great personality and has great chemistry with the team.	0
EEEW as a strong manly man why would want any of that ^(^just ^push ^it ^down, ^push ^it ^down)	7
Unfortunately it isn’t available in my location. But thank you for trying to help me ☺️	15
Ok cheers. I’m banned from there	17
If you had to think of a way to survive this how the hell would you. Damn	2
And in the worst fashion possible.	11
I absolutely love how you can't read what's in yellow somehow it perfects this cringe	18
Directly tell me why you felt the need to threaten my life.	3
Wow, time to talk to the [NAME] about a FPTP alternative.	26
It's probably because your posts are extremely dumb and bigoted	3
Ah, as a fanatical supporter of the Alliance I've not done any of the Horde content, thanks for letting me know	15
lol that was just bad, [NAME] 	1
I agree. She's a terrible model. I tried to get on board with her, but all her editorials in Vogue were so flat. 	4
Thanks I needed that.	15
Reading this reminds me of the witch hunt scene in Holy Grail. Thanks Daily Beast!	15
It’s a substitute teacher. She should know to stay in her lane.	3
Awesome me too, can't wait.	0
[NAME] has filled a speech bubble with savage roasts, froze it, and bashed [NAME] over the head with it. [NAME] has fucking died.	3
This explains the recent uptick in bots.	22
[NAME] done fucked up.	2
I liked the slug :(	18
Hahaha, they are so lost	1
Much thanks!	15
You shut your mouth. shut it right now. *sobbing uncontrollably*	2
I’d love that luxury of time.	18
Oh boy this aged poorly	9
Oh my [NAME] that's so satisfying	0
You are right.. There something to be said after banging both your mom and gf while they are on the rages.	4
I’d tell her nothing, that freaking weirdo would just never see my kid. The End. Disgusting.	11
"Thank you for the tip. I've added it to my ""to read"" list."	15
Ugh thank you everyone 😭❤️	15
I love the enthusiasm inherent in the scream. I never saw anything wrong with it. Not to mention the most innocent, innocuous dancing video ever.	18
My girl [NAME]. She deserves the world.	0
Happy cake 🎂 day!	13
Agreed, even better	4
I kiss the shade all dude. His username was trewdat. I miss that guy.	25
Their Cinnamon Chip Bread is also quite good.	0
Always funny how one's income has to pay for others expensive lifestyles ;)	1
Woah, how manly.	0
Try reading up. Not going to play these stupid games with a butt hurt Meltzer fan boy.	2
No! Your the dumbass for leaving the keys in the car! Again DUMBASS!!!!!	10
Love the way his body just folds after the final smack on his head *oof*	18
Downside of city based police. State level policing is where it's at. Problem on the Gold Coast? Send police from Brisbane.	4
"PR is more than just ""optics"". It ain't a new term either. "	10
That might be the prettiest shot I've ever seen [NAME] make.	0
You can't be serious	10
This helped me when I was in my worst mental state. I'm glad	17
OP literally said guys like [NAME] are not unicorns and not hard to find. They never said [NAME] was the ultimate standard lol	1
Not at all! It’s my pleasure	15
Being so gullible is the frightening part. durr da durr he downvote me	14
very psychiatric of you nul points from me but the whole of reddit will be proud!	0
lmao she WHAT	1
Well, [NAME] definitely a better actor but [NAME] seems like a better match for [NAME]	0
What happened when [NAME] shutdown the government?	7
Empire was extremely popular at first. I think it gradually got worse after season 2. Those first two seasons were great though.	0
It's in my top 3 songs, with heard em say, and through the wire. Such great tracks	0
Baby mama was a comedy about this- but with a much happier ending	17
account got suspended lmao	1
[NAME] what an asshole.	2
It's vodka/tonic time for me buddy! I'm off work!!!! Hope all yaw be safe and have a great night!	15
ah fuck. From xbox to zullily? seriously!?	7
Congrats on approaching the situation with logic unlike most everyone else	15
So she goes to her little boy instead of doctor, I hope?...	20
Oh shit right. I forgot about that wonderfully horrible fact haha.	1
Oh interesting. I must have got in a while ago.	4
Even today, many years later that still gives me chills. RIP.	16
Happy cake day bot!!	13
That is an awesome idea and execution. Also a great example of an actual free market system working right.	0
You're not wrong	4
nope. not hers.	10
what's wrong with this guy's nose	7
Those are some nice guns	0
I would be unfulfilled and unhappy. I enjoy meat, thankfully I own my own plot of land and can hunt on it at will.	17
I watched a really bad horror movie she starred in but I think it predated VPR.	14
Ohhhh Thank you! I just found them!	15
Wasnt meant to be rude at all.. more like that everything is going to be alright soon	20
Saw this yesterday and it's way funnier with the whole joke spoiled by the /r/bestof title, for sure. 	1
Religion is absolutely a problem. But to say the left doesn't have its own analogues is ridiculous.	1
Have you ever brought up your concern before? I understand if that is the only issue but if it doesn't change it could fester.	6
No hate TGR I love you	18
Hmmm to click or not to click... well goodbye SFW	6
Just added that information. Thanks	15
Wow I didn't know it changed your face so it doesn't break rule 1 and 2? /s	26
Haha. You are crazy. The world, and reddit world is filled with crazies and weirdos. You are a brave, brave soul. 	1
[NAME] engagement photo shoot This is the best she has ever looked in my opinion. HAWT!	0
Haven't been able to watch tonight and just saw the score. What is happening?!	6
Wow!! very funny	1
im in love with this comment	18
Doesnt the bible have lovely passages about stoning hereticals as well? Moderate [NAME] are probably more common than you think.	7
Cursed image.	3
Well if you're moving to Dallas, it's basically the same thing as Oklahoma and California combined. You're totally safe there!	5
"""Welcome to the hydraulic press channel.."""	15
No, lots of people in that area do that. Hire someone to do your taxes because it'll be a nightmare and so will your commute	10
Is that even a debate anymore?	6
Oooo she has a crush on you that’s embarrassing!	12
Yes [NAME] are authoritarian. That’s why they’re always the ones advocating for bigger government and more government control over everything.	4
Good point. Personhood isn't officially granted until you become property/ a bond of the state.	10
I’m laughing more that I feel I should st this but I just lost my leg so...	1
Oh well, you can thank all the illegals coming into America illegally for that one. 	15
I... uh... oh dear... ummm.... Please tell me you’re indulging 19th century race theory ironically.	7
I love you and your love for your dogs. You matter, and I hope that you're able to access and find treatment to improve your life.	18
That was jarring indeed. But why he wearing a mask?!?!?!	6
For me it’s the complete opposite. Complete dread in the morning and usually more hopeful in the evening.	20
Lol I get it	1
Gotcha. I'll do a little Google-fu and see what comes up. Thanks anyway!	15
genuinely surprised me, 0	26
Wendy’s sauce I hope lol	1
I agree. It seems the recruiter is a poor communicator and I think that is where some of my apprehension is coming from.	4
Is that the one that accuses [NAME] and [NAME] Rector as well?	7
no one loves me	9
We also turned the ball over about a million and 3 times. I'm over it honestly	4
I did not downvote Mate :) In fact I just gave you two upvotes :) Cheers :)	17
You’re absolutely right, I’m 61 and shouldn’t be at all surprised by the arrogance that ignorance can generate.	4
I appreciate you taking the time to at least justify your reasoning but I still very much disagree.	10
I have two and nothing has ever happened to me. The media doesn't want you to show your support because they want supporters to feel isolated.	10
I’m getting visions of bitcoin private all over again. Good luck guys.	20
I think only time will heal this pain that I’m going through. I hope I get over him soon, especially before school starts!!!	20
Definitely not lol You could probably find a better boogyman than that	1
Thank you! Does anyone actually if you'll be able to buy this (outside of Japan)?	15
Truth never changes. Maybe it's questionable to you, but... 	4
Don't ask women for dating advice unless you are a woman. The answers you get will do you no good.	3
Raw, unfiltered athleticism...whoops wrong player *puts down [NAME] player card* A real hard worker...could date the coach's daughter	0
I'm very glad too. She has been with me for twenty years now, so basically all my life.	17
very long very messy i usually have it in a bun to keep it under control lol	1
Oh cannot do anything ... click pass so much fun:) Not yet pass all 3 lanes :)	1
Yes it is child abuse. It’s sexist too.	4
Keep spreading the word fellas. Wishing you all a great 2019, love you guys and the whole community.	17
I'll Google it, thanks again!	15
She probably knows but is ignoring it. Lol	1
U would be right. Oh yeah yeah	4
I watched a video about fake makeup having rat piss in it. No thank you	11
"""Then you leave me no choice but to call the police and have you charged with petty larceny""."	3
No I mean those long winded nonsensical blabbering. Like the one with 300 confirmed kills, gorilla warfare. It is usually just to troll or annoy.	3
It is his welcome, he can do with it as he wishes. Your misunderstanding is forgiven.	5
Oh the irony of the sweater she's wearing.	3
Also it looks like this person might have a mustache. They look like they shaved their upper lip kind of mustache. I'm very confused.	6
Welcome to non union states!	15
Wow. This would suck	1
"I still have no idea what ""died three times"" means..."	6
Why am I gonna do? Stop the ant? I’m scared of him too	14
Oh you're referencing my reply to another comment? I was mad at low effort comments and people who can't comprehend a simple point.	7
I’m so sorry to hear that! 😂😂😂	25
You are saying toxic people try to be the victim by calling you toxic.	2
I'm fairly sure alpro have what you're looking for	4
Your 17. End of conversation. You don’t love him	10
That looks amazing	0
Thank you, brother.	15
There are [NAME] fans on this subreddit. Awesome	0
Imagine that rattle.. all the way back to Michigan. Enough to drive you mad	13
It sure is! Thank you!!	15
Wow guns and ignorance. What else is wrong with her?	3
I perform nostril waxing. It is surprising hardly painful at all. Feels so much better too!	26
Easy, stop men from fucking them. Cant be a slut if no one fucking ya right?	2
[NAME] was a pleasant surprise. It might be something you'll enjoy.	26
My fav time to walk around the city. Everything looks nicer to me.	18
"Agreed. If anyone was ""murdered by words"" it was all the posts, including the top posts that make [NAME] look like an idiot."	4
Sounds good ya I'll have to listen to those. Thanks	15
Ahhhh [NAME], you’ve done it again.	21
Yep. Tough week for [NAME]. Not shooting well, first ejection and fine, ripping out jerseys, first triple double and the DSJ drama. 	9
I don't think pairing [NAME] and [NAME] again is that bad an idea. Also love the [NAME] idea.	18
and everyone else is worried about themselves not paying attention to you	19
I don’t get it. Does r/sardonicast actually believe that BP is highly overrated?	6
He said some facts and you accused him for being 50c. From his tone you can't even tell he's a supporter of CPC.	3
Breaking news, husband borrows wife's car and should lose their job because of this	26
Wow, that was insane	26
That must be it? Or that people buy carbon dioxide as plant food? I'm terrible at science and even I know it's not that simple	7
Doesn't change the fact that they shadowbanned a subreddit. Just because YOU think it's stupid doesn't make that ok.	3
It’s nice to know that no one cares enough to send me either.	9
100%. Do NOT order from there. I have the same story. Don’t post that place on reddit anymore. They’re a scam	3
No worries! But I figure the written recipe should be handy for some folks.	5
“Why are you complaining, every team would’ve signed this guy”	3
My birthday is in March, so that MK11 Beta access is also going to be awesome.	0
I mean... it's horrible and all, but isn't it also a record high every year..?	7
I was scared of my room and even when I fell asleep in my bed I would sleep walk into my mom's room	14
"How about ""Your rich, you should use some of your wealth to seek professional help. I wish you the best of luck."""	20
My bad sorry, what I meant to say is ‘for our winning season’ not ‘in our’.	24
Yes! It's hard to believe that some people like warm toilet seats enough to pay for it as a feature.	4
Now all I’m imaging is [NAME] casted in the American pie movies as [NAME]. Thank you for this memory.	15
You really going to claim our foreign policy is equivalent to that of Iran and Russia?	7
Oh [NAME]. someone finally posted something I can't bring myself to finish reading, it's too much	26
Sexual frustration.	2
So excited for the mauve album	13
I am sure the men here who have Career [NAME] and Supermodel [NAME] fighting over him will appreciate this sage advice.	15
Edit: I realized I dont want my story publicized. Sorry yall. Too personal for me	22
YES FUCK THE LEAFS. MAY THEY CONTINUE TO CHOKE IN THE POST SEASON.	2
I will try to pay better attention. Its definatly not just ambient noise. I think you might be on to something with the packages.	20
I thought I could handle it but I was wrong. Good [NAME] was I wrong.	9
Walmart is a special kind of hell.	3
Your husband sounds both smart and kind. Good for you. (says she with a big smile)	0
At least it's decent pay. Lol.	1
I don’t think it was a freestyle? So not really comparable?	7
Was against Cal but yeah [NAME] had a cannon of a leg but was very inaccurate Also had terrible hair	10
Thanks for the breakdown [NAME].	15
Nailed it! I'm sorry you've had to deal with it. This whole mess sounds awful.	24
omg i cant believe that nifty is still a thing	26
Thanks for this detailed response, it's given me a good understanding of what I am dealing with	15
Fact: violins don't make music. And if you think they do, you're stupid. 	3
You're an odd fellow, [NAME], but you steam a good ham.	4
Yeah, somebody needs to seek counseling immediately. 	4
Yet I still feel lonely doing it...	25
I did too. A shame, because it looks to be a good movie otherwise.	9
Glad you got to see a good one!	17
Underrated joke... haha	1
Please don’t murder me	14
Agreed. 52k isn’t a high paying job, it’s average. He probably is just irresponsible with his money. 	4
This world doesn't deserve baby sloths!	3
I understand why she is an ex now.	22
Oh sweet! I'm a bit farther but go into the city all the time. I'm around 50 min by train.	4
Haha, that’s meeee! 	1
Yeah...itd make people's lives easier if I was dead but didn't work out so here we are	4
I tried doing this for my son but he was afraid of it.	14
oml I’m so sorry OP for all that	24
Imagine making a homophobic joke when your name is /u/Lebronlover23 OOF.	17
At the discretion of NI, which is currently lacking any Assembly or proper representation. Good luck with that.	20
Sort of a joke, but there are many reasons. DW says engineer jokes are not funny.	10
Look at it this way: it's the Millennium Falcon, everyone still loves it. It's part of it's charm.	0
You have great points. !delta	4
“I genuinely don’t want to lose you I love having you there for me” says it all really	18
That is incredibly disheartening.	25
> spending money I think you meant earning. Or they actually spent the money on the way home lol.	1
Seattle has both, and is building a huge extension to the existing light rail system. Traffic is still absolutely fucked.	2
Sorry, didn't realise I had to mollycoddle your feefees. 	24
No she does not, not alone and not during sex(sadly) 	25
[NAME] doesn’t use reddit, but I’ll bring it up with her. She might find some good support there. Cheers! 	5
Cool post. I just wish the game had more enemies besides just the spartan and athens army (like harpies, giant snakes, something like that). 	8
I had so many bad Supercuts haircuts that I cringe when I look at the place and go to a fancy schmancy salon exclusively.	10
I agree with this statement	4
Im glad you took that step. Sometimes its really hard making that decision, but im glad you didnt force yourself to be miserable	17
It's not like UK monetary policy massively diverges from the Euro	10
The last three words any redditor wants to hear lmao	1
Seeing something as beautiful as this just made my day today! Thanks for sharing :)	15
The people you know have silly opinions. Its their best album since black holes.	0
*Bud Light presents...real men of genius. 🎶 Mr Take Your Cat Up Tiger Mountain On Your Shooooulderrrrr* 🎶 	0
> It's upsetting. What can be done? We'll have to take it to the high courts, let them decide!	9
Oh shit, yeah that's definitely shady.	3
I also got this on a different account, but I have no clue why! Does anyone know?	6
"I figured this story would end with her screaming, ""I DON'T CARE WHO YOU ARE... THIS IS A CAR.. TAKE ME HOME!!!"""	2
LOL, I suppose so. All I'm saying is that... you can have a person and make them appealing too.	1
Yeah he does give intense and memorable performances. He didn't get to speak in Mad Max for like half an hour but he was still riveting.	0
No way we would turn down [NAME] for [NAME]. BS	10
Maybe one day but I am very cultured*	8
French fried when he should have pizza'd and had a bad time.	25
I really enjoy my job but I get paid $62k I don't know if that's considered high paying but it's plenty for me.	17
What’s wrong with this	3
They make money to sit and talk to you there's no reason to feel like a burdon cause it's legit their job.	3
Surprised they aren't already doing this kind of stuff for Zion.	26
What do you mean?	7
I love this idea	18
That’d be amazing	0
She's so cute! Give her all the huggles	0
omg [NAME] is so pretty	0
And it keeps rumbling... now we know why no one had gone to jail yet!	22
This is horrific	14
I got to see some fish at a science museum not long ago and it really brightened my day, too.	17
This is why I clean my belly button every day. That’s disgusting	11
> If it was a nationalist reaction to globalism, it was English nationalism, not British. This was and is discussed way too little.	10
If you wanna spend thousands for every piece of furniture then sure but a lot of people don’t have the budget for this.	10
I hope you are getting your levels tested! You can do some damage to yourself if they're too high.	20
I see you've bought into the utter fantasy of UK house price fake news The average semi detached house price is £227,912	22
good start [NAME]. MORE! MORE TRADES! GET WHAT YOU CAN! SELL, SELL, SELL! #BurnItDown #NobodyIsSafe #ShapeUpOrShipOut	0
Yeah I just googled that, I still wouldn't call them my favourite restaurant but its cheap!	10
Same, there was no thanks or consideration that they’d just given her the ‘night off’.	9
That’s really cool! How did you do this?	0
I would make that face too if I just realized I was HC of the New York Jets	22
I hope so too, she deserves it.	4
So many of Pokimane’s fans are creepy 30+ year olds. I feel so bad for her.	25
Eastern European here. Very cool! We’re really all the same.	0
I would love to see an [NAME] cosplay!	18
I love my audio technica AR3BT	18
Kill him the sinner	2
Alas, Windows, so I'll go a-hunting. Thanks for the info, though!	15
Ahaha, a Jersey driver calling other drivers awful... that's adorable.	0
Cafe hopping today! At the third one now. Might be too much coffee for me in one span though.	20
Thank you for this. It sums up exactly what I wish I could send to all my TBM family	15
Yeah I've been finding it so hard to not eat everything in sight since Christmas. I'm still staying under my TDEE, but I feel nasty. 	11
I still don’t understand what did [NAME] do? Lol	1
"I work at a salon and we have a ""no kids unless it's their appointment"" rule. It's amazing."	0
I made a severe and continuous lapse of judgement....	24
"Now you ruined the surprise!"""	3
[NAME] shitting the bed like a 4 year old with diarrhea	14
Omg I’d happily live in Cape Town instead of the US!! It’s literally one of my favorite cities on earth!!	17
I'd assume that the player is on the list as the king sense losing a king is losing the game, right?	7
What is he doing here without [NAME]?!	7
Sad/Sweet for her to put in the effort to fake it!	25
If it's not too late, I'd love to have one of the binders!	18
ALFBRUSHJANSBYSY SUCH A GOOD DOGGO	0
Thanks!	15
Over in r/texas we are coming up with slogans to ecourage people to switch to renewable.	20
I doubt [NAME] could do make up as well as a drag queen. He's not really good at anything.	10
I just don't want to see them shame themselves, and actually show their worth and virtue instead of showing themsleves to be a walking sexual object	12
I stuck a bit of glass up there. It was a pane in the ass.	24
[NAME] has turned into one of the NBA's great actors	0
That is genius.	0
Your not winning their hearts, your just torturing them and they end up hating you.	3
This type of discussion is exactly what I came to r/medicine for. Thanks guys!	15
I like your style.	18
Icing on a cake of sadness.	25
That’s great, thanks for the reply and info.	15
Ok that was a rude way to send him off. Can I have hot doctors again	12
I wouldnt mind seeig a few rushes with that NFL overhead cam.	4
> appreciation and celebrations From the sidebar: > For **anything** about the YouTube gaming channel Game Grumps	0
The Japanese and the British can do it well, but they probably get like 10x the funding per capita.	0
ooh boy that guy went off the deep end and drowned	16
Losing to cruz azul smh	9
Ah that's so cool!!	0
I remember a countdown for when the [NAME] twins turned 18 too. Thought it was pretty gross.	3
Because we didnt have two top 5 players on the team so the bench needed to be great	4
Nice of you to jump in for no reason, very cool.	0
That's cool! That's definitely one way to look at itl	0
That sucks Crescent City, I hope you get the guys.... 	20
When it’s read this way it’s way more badass. The way people normally quote it just sounds stupid.	11
Was your father a member? Or did you save a member? :o (very cool!)	7
Thanks for looking out but we will take our chances with this grave danger.	15
I was hoping this would be a case of r/maliciouscompliance It was close.	20
You're dad's favorite? No fair!	7
He’s better than [NAME].	0
I eagerly await [NAME] rush meta. >=)	13
“Okay [NAME] you’re doing great I love you. Later can I have some pets”	0
Just make a better game looool 4Head You shouldn't worry about valve stop working on artifact, at least for a year	5
Thank you, I've been looking for this forever.	15
Yes. He was. Fuck off with your bullshit double standards.	2
She went on a PR tour in Syria and met with him. I think it’s fair to say she’s pro-Assad.	4
Abstaining is dumb, she should’ve voted no	3
Holy shit.	2
It's the number one reason I refuse to exercise.	10
Lol. I was fan of that show and that line prior to becoming a fan of Arsenal and recently put the 2 together.	1
This meme describes how I feel about 2018 pretty accurately. Cheers to a golden 2019!	17
Ok, I guess I gotta show some commitment, thanks!	15
She got more votes tho... If popular vote determined the winner, you wouldn't say this. You sound like you just hate [NAME] for... reasons?	6
[NAME] is an arrogant schmuk but he’s good at what he does.	0
I mean, those are all true for people that aren't pregnant too aside from the swelling.	4
Oof, that was efficient 	0
They will. The White House gave credit yeste day to Russia and Syria and saod they will finish the fight against ISIL.	4
[NAME] fuckin sucks	11
Gonna be at the game! Let's get this win boys!	20
😂😂 she really is. I can’t stop laughing. She’s a fruit loop!	1
In heaven that's the only thing that's going on. All the angels and human souls sing [NAME] praises forever.	0
[NAME] as if he wouldn't just cut the bullet in half	1
It’s sad that some parents can’t accept some simple mistakes.	25
I am so excited to vote for him! [NAME]	13
That sounds simple and good	0
I'm scared that they would turn out like me, even if I tried really hard to make them nice. 	14
Those women's marches are honestly embarrasing. Most of the people there only seem to claim to be a feminist because it's trendy.	12
You would LOVE this big mutt. He's a doll.	0
> I'm genuinely curious Sure.	7
$100 says your boyfriend is miserable.	25
Your sacrifice will be remembered.	0
Don't do that i think its dangerous	14
Yeah that's what I meant but I wrote it stupidly. Did you start with really low weight? Like really low?	3
this is so sad Alexa play despacito	25
Thank you for being proud of me!	15
How is it racist? I fail to see how.	7
For the love of [NAME] do not ever link that again	18
"""Fake neeeeeews !"""	10
NFL level catch	0
I am annoyed by autoplay they added on hover - and commercials would make me drop the subscription instantly.	3
Good job...	0
oh okay gotcha! i was really baffled at that lol	1
so kids never go into a locker room and see adults nude?? i cant believe everyone is condemning this. this is nothing.	10
Nobody has been banned lol	1
Sir that is a popular opinion. I'm too afraid of what sort of trade will happen to want one.	14
You shifty leafs were too nice. Something had to be up.	0
You need HELP!	5
I’m surprised it was uploaded today, especially since he uploaded a video just a few hours ago	26
-_- GOOD FOR YOU.	4
Reminds me of Ross Lake WA	22
They do it way more often than you do and they give even less of a fuck. It's normal.	3
Damn it.	2
I actually enjoy watching this while eating	17
But the alt right love him! /s	18
I miss SFist's Apartment Sadness column.	25
Most of us think it’s just a conditioning thing right now, but we don’t really know	10
Doing a good job getting Dell involved.	0
a must win game if we have any ambitions for 8th seed, even with [NAME]. any news on him & jsimms?	7
Hopefully never, both the result of truly dreadful storylines.	20
So ya gonna do a pat down or just trust the dude?	7
This. I relate to this. So much. Almost too much.	4
I’m more worried about the dude getting pissed all over my shoes	19
> I hate how much I care. My feelings exactly.	3
😂😂👸👸👏🙌👏🙌❤❤❤💥💥👑👑💎💎💯💯♀️♀️♀️ Now that's emoji game on point.	4
you just use the word weird like that's all there is to it. weird isn't the issue. the issue is garbage	11
Burn it! er uh give it to your priest to burn it!	2
The article was about LEGAL delivery, you big dummy. I too love when people without knowledge of a situation respond like they know what’s what.	3
How dare you disrespect [NAME].	2
Lol they’re in for a big surprise.. does anyone know how TIMs will actually age?	1
ah, ok! i'm afraid i do, i just didn't realise that's what it meant (so old i am going stupid....)	14
Because it was funny and people liked it. They otherwise do a pretty job of preventing memery	1
"Or more aptly ""OHHHHH FUUUUUuuuck"" As you see me run away."	2
This guy's an idiot lol	1
I can't afford what I want. What now?	6
stop hurting my feelings	25
Just watching this happen upsets me ~_~	9
It was his time, even though I'm not complaining about how [NAME] should be avoided. thank you very much!	15
Thanks again.	15
Guys, are you really sure those are men?	6
[NAME] man hope your luck changes soon. I’m sure they’ll patch it up in the future	20
Society has once again falsely made men look cold and emotionless. You're normal.	3
Pretty	0
Hopefully it helps you keep your emotions in check rather than letting others control you, [NAME].	5
Show him how hilarious season 1 and 2 of Family Guy is. Then show him how incredibly stupid the rest of the series is.	3
Theres the link I use you stupid fuck get the fuck off my post you fucking shill	2
thank you! This is what I thought she said as well	15
A man of fine taste!	0
>Not all 70% of the filthy [NAME] money is gonna be taken. ...unfortunately.	10
I know they're probobly not good but I love charged hadoken into vskill combos/mixups. It makes her fireball more interesting than just a zoning tool.	18
For some reason I'm imagining a hauty, French snorting laugh.	1
For the love of [NAME] stop making him relevant. Please.	3
Yeah that’s a bit odd, wouldn’t be surprised to see that change come gametime unless [NAME] is shook or something.	26
[NAME] yer fucked.	3
I don’t think so honestly. He’s said I’m cute before last night. It wasn’t the first time.	10
Lol this match was like 1/3rd the time of what I expected	1
I'm painfully aware of that having bought a FreeSync monitor with my Nvidia graphics card.	25
I actually kinda like this bug because I like to get trippy	18
I hated him too, just keep watching. Every character has their own personal journey which is such an admirable aspect of this show.	2
we have a ghost who constantly knocks the ice bin off the top of the ice machine a few times a day everyday lol	1
please stop pointing your fingers in my face	3
Wow he wants people to donate so he can make a large profit off his atm? Lmao Good gig if you can get it I guess...	1
I’ve never heard of this website! Thanks for letting me know.	15
Oh damn it! I was just on my way to the post box	24
Ahh dammit I knew that was why I was getting the feels	22
Have you tried finding other communities to join? Now I know ex-[RELIGION] communities are not that common but just non-religious communities should be rather commen right?	7
Laughed. Out. Loud	1
My point is that they give him shit for legitimate reasons.	3
Shouldn't it be NAA?	7
can you give us a quick summary (no spoilers)?	7
OH [NAME] I CAN'T TELL ANYMORE!	2
Surprising you choose to believe things that aren’t true 🤔	26
Omw. When my man sends me that I get all warm and excited cuz I know I get to spends the next couple hours or days with him	13
I just don't like OP for not explaining it before using the abbreviation. So even though the TIFU was great I downvoted it.	0
How you ask? Simple answer, by voting.....or not hence the importance of voting	7
[NAME] is a madman and I love it.	18
Is it allowed be recast in other languages (like spanish)?	7
I just picked it back up after getting a pro controller for Christmas.. holy crap it's great!!	0
I played in the WSHL last year and this really isn’t a surprise. It’s crazy how unbalanced the competition is in that league	9
I’m wondering the same; something seems weird about that interpretation of the law	26
Withdrawal, psychic-shattering, and other activist groups, the principle is very sad.	25
Thank you so much!	15
Ugh gross. Don't suggest a PUA book to a kid.	3
I'm terrible sorry, /u/bookluvr83, but I'm afraid I must join up with the giving-you-crap-for-not-liking-brownies bandwagon. ^kidding ^^^kinda	14
What does adderrall do that makes you lose weight? Appetite suppressant?	7
Yeah, I'd definitely say you won this argument. Plenty of people love taking it up the bum and down the throat. Source. Am slut.	4
I’m sorry this happened to you. I’m glad you got out of it.	24
Also technically wrong, it would be last year but not a year ago.	10
I will definitely keep this is mind and thank you for the great comment!	15
Because it has rough areas. Which near enough every city/town in the central belt has.	4
Shouldnt you be attacking immigrants on the trains about now [NAME]?	7
Well good luck if you yourself help with that, i'm out of here, i can't be bothered fighting with USSR stans.	20
What the actual fuck?	3
did she actually drive one of those to school? my doubting-ass would've checked thru the windows to see what she left in.	7
Thanks dude! I do best with the ice, swat and maddox	15
"Some do, others say ""Thanks""..."	15
I explained exactly why they’re authoritarian. Businesses are literal plutocracies.	4
good cause i don’t want it!! haha.	1
Interesting, but I can't imagine it will be there long until someone steals or destroys it.	7
Thank you!	15
Thank you so much.	15
Yeah its too bad that there was someone at a university who wanted to research this and he got shut down.	25
Reality is often disappointing	25
Do you fucken mind	2
Pay couples to have kids. I'm not sure if the incentives apply to single moms.	6
I'm glad to see I'm not the only one who snorted at it!	17
u/-adamsmith perfect troll account name, but at least he united all of r/MLS. Thanks for teaming up, everyone.	15
I wish I could be as cute as that :c	8
wasn't aware of that sub, and wow ... that's one crazy racist cesspool!	22
So glad she died	16
[NAME] endorsed [NAME], for one epic fail in that regard. I prefer to make my own informed judgement call, thank you very much	15
That sounds a little paranoid	14
Ah, thank you :D	15
How so? Genuinely curious, I've yet to make a judgment here, as I'm not informed enough. Edit: typo	7
He was cut yesterday, unfortunately	25
This is amazing to think about and love that [NAME] is there. 10/10	0
Great idea! So he can get arrested or hospitalized or both.	0
Well damn wish I could use venom too.	20
I also love this decline in bch prices. Cheers.	17
I'm still confused about what a ginch is	6
Fascinating, can you please provide some more detail on the pre-KOOP origins of the phrase friend : )?	0
No you basically throwing him under the bus by posting him here.... fake natty suspicion 100%	10
> and [NAME] mentions that he's cold to the touch. you mean after he almost froze to dealth?	7
She has some really good dance moves honestly!	0
that day humanity received a grim reminder	14
Unless you're a conservative trying to protect yourself. In that case, good luck.	20
thats one proud daddy!	0
Missed opportunity to put [NAME]	24
Watch again. It's frosted white in the beginning and black (no window) after	4
happy to help	17
I haven't ever considered my dense moments could be hormonal! That sounds like something I'd do, haha.	1
"""Didn't know you can predict the future"""	26
I always loved fighting [NAME] in Arkham Origins, he was really fun to fight, I’m still mad they did him dirty in Arkham Knight	18
No, so it's not our kingdom	10
Honestly, it's a part of goth style to look unnatural/alien/ethereal. 	4
I dont think it will happen cuz he will probs just stay in GS or go LA with/ against [NAME] but I do think he should look into it.	6
lol a milquetoast anarchist’s take on Marxism	1
God [NAME] is awful	11
But aren't they the only people? Also, that's a damn nice rack and it makes me feel kinda off. Idk why.	7
Gorgeous cats, poor babies	0
Nothing wrong with pasta or bread. Stop buying bleached flour products and get whole grain.	10
Why do people procreate, only to bring to earth a clone of themselves that's not attractive in any way. 	6
Weird flex but okay	4
So can relate. Hot to the point I hated feeling good because it wouldn't last. Might as well enjoy the moment!	17
Nope. Sadly early 30s	25
3h late comment. have fun at school !	17
Do you have cash app?	7
I have a hunch that [NAME] is the mastermind of the whole operation.	0
I can see it, the wig/bodysuit is very kalorie but the makeup is still 100% India	4
Lmao this is hilarious not cringe	1
You’re ignorance would be excusable if you weren’t so douchey about it.	3
Lol it's a bit of both I think.	1
Nah, you’re pretty fucked given the amount of weed you smoke and the fact you’re planning on finishing your 1.5 grams before the test.	2
I hope your gaydar has leveled up enough to filter these out now	20
That’s beautiful	0
What a nice person helping the mentally disabled.	0
True! Remember the geocentric universe? Oh man, they even put [NAME] in jail. What a hoot!	26
This is the best thing I've ever seen on Reddit	0
I know!! That temp swing is going to be crazy. But thank [NAME]!!	15
British would annoy me more. Or being called British Isles	3
It's not his job to train you.	10
me, eating my sandwich, at 12:30 AM last night, after fasting all day.	4
one of them shotting 22lr if I recall? Heck most the worst used a pistol ether exclusively or with a shotty too	11
Thank you. I'm just so shocked that this is in Arizona. This looks like it belongs somewhere completely different.	15
Their album is awesome, too.	0
No, YOU’RE crying!!!!	25
Watch it in German but use English subtitles trust me	4
Wow, I had a cousin named [NAME] who ordered corn. Very nice lady, she died 2 years ago. Miss her xoxo	0
I also thought he was a she at first. Lol	1
Rip time wasted editing, its a shame that not many other people saw this	12
Happy cake day man	17
Leave me alone :(	25
I'd be ok with this former Israeli IDF general.	4
I’m sorry	24
You could weigh even more than 152 at 10% 6 ft tall! But yes, that is the goal physique for many gym rats. 	4
[NAME]! You made me the happiest girl that could eva be!	17
Dont worry guys, its all sanitary. He hit the wrench with some WD40 before he started.	5
Would the OP care to explain what the thought was behind posting this here? A warning for justification for potential upcoming gun-control responses?	7
Is that too bad though?	6
I feel with him...	4
Always down for some Liverpool love	18
This comment is fucking cringey lol why the fuck do you talk like that	2
Nah, I like that they come here and tell on themselves. 	10
He is so boring ....	3
Sweet, [NAME] 1 I assume?	6
"Oh, the ""Thomas the nuclear bomb""? That scarred me."	14
Are you serious?	7
I mean maybe I did too but as you said it was a decade ago or more.	6
[NAME], she really is my least favorite queen I drag race history. Boring, try-hard, and busted makeup.	9
Oh [NAME], tell me more I'm almost there..	7
I hope Thier friends now	20
I'm glad I decided to watch this. Intense, entertaining football with an expert demonstration of how-not-to-use-VAR thrown in for free.	17
Day one of new job official duties on the books. I survived! One day down, 35 years to go... :]	17
My heart is broken for this woman... I really hope she finds the strength to leave him	20
Meh, same branch of religion. Just opposing views on the sequel to the story.	10
What kind of soup? Hopefully he is okay. =D	20
depending on his age there might still be hope. brain development supposedly stops around age 25 so if he gets ample simulation and nutrients perhaps there can be hope	20
"It makes for awkward conversation when I ask ""What's your favorite song?"" And I get ""I just liked the shirt"" in response"	12
More like 11 feet up, but still painful. 	25
I’m sorry, I don’t hear the excuses for harden post season success after he blew two 17 point leads in G6/7. 	10
The forgotten [NAME]? He's pretty good on the Flash as [NAME].	0
I’m already close to 50. It should be getting really interesting about the time I die.	7
I thought this was going to be a fierce, competitive game... how wrong I was.	9
Woah... I'm shortsighted and I can get 2 pairs of glasses for €149. $500 is insane!	25
Love it.	18
doesn’t QCX work with them ?	7
No... that's literally our first rule.	10
Surprised there isn’t more of this lol	26
This was so helpful! Thank you. I really needed to hear something inspiring for once, instead of just hearing that I’m not doing enough.	15
Well, I bought cheese when I went, and was shocked at the great variety and lower prices. That probably skewed my view.	26
I hope thats true.	20
It’s amazing what can happen when they get a good nights sleep	0
Thank you for your time and effort! I'm going to actively focus on enabling my Rein and tracking enemy ults.	15
> [NAME] is a religion, not a race. In the Holocaust, did the NAZI's commit genocide against a religion? or a race of people? 	6
Same. All other map on OG with SSD were fine. [NAME] drops and it's terrible.	11
I once looked for my phone with my phone flash light	12
You’re right :(	4
Oh to find someone who loves you enough to put a blanket over you when you’re sleepy. That’s the dream.	18
That'd be amazing! Heard about Newington's reno not long ago. Need to get over there.	0
You're right :) It's not all about aim though Anyways, [NAME] hard to hit lol D:	1
If [NAME] doesn't drop a [NAME] tribute tonight in his intro I'm going to be hella disappointed.	9
[NAME] supporters don’t see it as offensive.	10
Wish my life was this easy :’) Lets just hope she didn’t kill you	20
Thank you my friend	15
I wish it were. It would be funny to imply that [NAME] won [NAME] shirt!	8
I am. But I presume you are gonna tell me I'm wrong because it doesn't line up with your experiences - whatever.	3
You have social anxiety go see a doctor	5
Whiskey isn't going to help. She should pray to [NAME] that another man comes and brings purpose to her life.	5
I can barely remember when it was even possible to find shit that horrible	2
Hey, I’ve learnt something here today, so thanks! 	15
And once NYC is finally underwater, ALBANY SHALL RISE!!! MORE COAL FOR THE FIRE JETHRO, OUR DESTINY AWAITS!!!	20
You're gullible enough to believe them.	3
I started the Kitty City Meowboys and I do those things. I have a mic but I don't use it because talking exhausts me	10
I love it. I love those melts they do that are croissants inside out and toasted	18
I call bullshit on this anon said they were “walking” ... you know they were in the scooter cart.	3
Me, it's too cute for words.	18
I'm upset that there's no sexual subtext between [NAME] and [NAME] in the new Super Mario game	9
Confused and triggered	6
That's exactly what I would expect [NAME] parents to look like lol	1
So his beef is about Footnote 1?	6
Mate, you're proving my point.	4
They look damn good for being in their late 40's/early 50's.	0
[NAME] has become the best houseguest ever in 24 hours. We aren’t worthy	0
dear [NAME] they're multiplying...	4
I really need to put my foot down. Thanks for the gentle nudge :)	15
Also the reason for last year, playing him as a cb was necessary but proven to be a terrible position to be in.	14
I’ll just take this as an apology and bid you farewell AM x	24
> a central bank that acts as a buffer between monetary policy and implementation. ... what?	6
>[NAME] One of the most horrifying stories I've ever heard of: the mom should be in psychiatric care and the doctor thrown in jail IMO.	14
Sadly this story has died down why is he bringing it back up. Just let it die.	25
I know, I know. I wish Reptile had a better fate. 	8
His name also references UGA.	4
YEAH, YOU MOTHERFUCKER	2
Yeah, neither of them are communists. [NAME] is a left-leaning [NAME] and [NAME] is a [NAME]	4
What the fuck is that horrifying picture	14
[NAME] and [NAME] for [NAME] then sign [NAME] afraid this battle station is fully operational	14
thats cool to hear ... [NAME] really is laughable in this regard	1
Thanks. People need to calm down and give QCX a little time here.	15
This was beautifully written.	0
What's it matter?!?!	7
Stay strong [NAME]	5
"Except for ""fighting liberalism"". Happy cake day."	17
Are you claiming that the entire biology and geology communities have been lying for centuries?	7
...i love [NAME] for what she did/does for her [NAME]. ...also, would like to see some of the work that comes out of the collective	18
Thanks i really appreciate it.	15
Kinda like how he wants to “out” kids?	6
holy shit I got mad at those 4 points you made [NAME], playing [NAME] like that would be literally hell.	1
oddly enough, i really like it	4
Sweet, congrats!	15
Aha! This is my fear, that the gloss over key elements because they want to target a wider audience!	14
Create new holidays. We need a Ralsei day where we celebrate fluffy bois.	8
Thanks so much for the precious advice, that is very helpful!	15
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **5th Cakeday** gum_sticks! ^(hug)	22
The Square. The gross pretentious privilege in this film made me want to puke.	11
C-USA when it had [NAME] was pretty awesome.	0
So true, thank you for posting this.	15
Still curious if they try and trade [NAME]. One thing is for sure I’m not ruling anything out. [NAME] and the FO is getting very creative	7
Thank you. We’re seven months into reconciliation. We definitely had HB for the first couple weeks as well.	15
I've actually been teaching myself R lately for this exact purpose, I'm super excited to check out your book when you're done with it. 	13
I guess when you marry as a virgin, you don't know what you're missing out on.	6
I met up with a woman who was 49. She reminded me of being old. That isn't attractive. Youth makes you feel alive.	3
Yep. Seriously painful to read	25
> Do you think Amazon reviews are don't mean anything? Yes because they are very easy to game.	4
Shithole universe i mean.	2
Very excited for what could come from his presidency, very much not excited for the primaries.	13
[NAME] died for our shins	4
And I'm loving it. It's driving the chuds mad.	18
if we follow this pannel she is non existent and you are just allucinating, im sorry to bring the sad news 	25
I wasn’t considering potatoes in the discussion or else it’s a clear number 1. Are potatoes vegetables?	6
Wow....while I think I knew this already, I can't quite picture it. I'ma have to go rewatch those scenes. 	0
Hope they don't pull another [NAME] on [NAME]. Good to hear [NAME] added muscle and is healthy. Hopefully he and [NAME] can play all 16 this season	20
Hello, Do you need a student ID for anywhere in the process? I have a valid email but can’t find my ID right now. Thanks	15
Me too dude. Nice video for what it was!	0
That's sad. You can be acquaintances with women. Not like you are driving them to the nail salon or something .	25
It's a beautiful video of family and [NAME] finally accepting [NAME] as a brother is one of the highlights of the show	0
Oh tell me about it. I'm INTJ	7
Lmao “9 times out of 10” okay	1
Thanks! But I was only offered one batch today, it was reallly slow.	15
Love it!	18
Happy's not a vehicle!!! He's my friend!!!	18
When mum comes home and I realise it's hug time	22
> Get used to it, the cons are back. I just wish that they were pros instead of cons	20
Yeah you're right. That's the problem. Not guys thinking it's ok to message someone they haven't matched with outside of Tinder.	4
"""Keep blowin'! Love always, [NAME]."""	18
Or maybe just don't have a family and you're financially secured for life.	21
Wow, way to disregard history completely.	13
That the [NAME] is [NAME] actual father?	6
Lmao everyone in this gif was absolutely clueless	1
True, it’s not like she’s the last girl on earth or something haha	1
It’s fine. Baby boomers are always angry	2
my mistake :(	12
Was blown away until I heard everyone speaking Spanish and realised it was Mexico. Not so shocking anymore.	22
Best decision of your life.	0
Oh I missed that part. So the cheeky poster was referring to that crash. ;0	26
You said an untrue thing. Own up to it, asshole.	3
Counter's clean, you're welcome!	15
That poor girl. She wants to run in the rain and her mean ole momma won't let her. LOL	1
Thanks the mental heath team at the hospital were good, I can always check in there, if it’s too much	15
Original with sound. I love the moms commentary	18
And Arsenal fans hated him as he left them for his boyhood club, which made his great performances against them all the sweeter	0
It gives me hope as well!	20
Haha I had to use an analogy that rang with the older generation as well as the connection it has to social media.	1
The parents are “retards” for not watching their kid near water.	3
That's totally my focus for today, just enjoy the day and being there for myself :) it's so liberating.	17
Are you sincerely saying that [NAME] are bad because they were in the minority?	7
Love the view. I would love to drink rum with a view like that. Have fun!	18
Umm, I don’t think empathy means what you think it means...🤷‍♀️	10
I kinda wish people memed him a lot more because he has so much comedy potential. I hope my words inspire to meme him more	20
Say it louder! I'm sick of these leeches, too.	25
we definitely don't need more people on this overcrowded planet.	10
I must go, my people need me	5
The 12 days of Christmas is a bizarre song. Don't use it as a gift giving guide, you crazy idiots.	3
Dude, there is nothing you can do against a team shooting like that, nothing. And out shooting is really good too.	0
> the fact that it is illegal Watch out, we've got a time traveler over here!	4
Hey, I share a birthday with a legend!	13
Ooooof, that’s annoying. I’m sorry.	25
Someone tell me why they are out passing us they taking the game to us when we should be controlling the tempo of the ball to keep the lead.	2
Of course he loves you! You’re his sugar momma. Seriously, ditch the bi*|€. You can and should do better. 	5
No thanks, I would prefer to not get infested with malware. 	10
So, [NAME] and [NAME] are over? Have to wonder why he thought marrying a 19 year old was the best thing to do!	26
Then let's go scythe and HAMMER!!! I've actually wanted scythe and hammer for the longest too	8
So sounds like she was raped, and she seriously needs to press charges, this bartender needs to be raped in prison big time.	3
Never seen stone abbreviated, so was a bit puzzled. 	6
Well I'm glad the whole coffee vs beer exchange was the most accurate part of the episode. When it comes to accents, anyway...	17
Nice try..Hulu exec.	0
Are you replying to something in particular, because what you stated is so obvious I would hope it need not be said on a science thread.	10
People need to stop excusing bad behavior	8
Going to get hard for everyone after brexit	25
[NAME] “Good! It’s such a distraction to the team!”	0
And perfectly perfect.	0
[NAME] damit you got me! Take your upvote sir!	3
He is warped by porn. He's got a problem	25
Yes sir ! Cheers. I miss typed I get #120 20mg.	4
Lol stfu really	1
"he tried to motivate the team in the locker room but i think it was [NAME] who was like ""just sit down festus"""	10
rich people usually tip the worst lol	1
It would be okay if they will turn them into some old non-obtainable premiums. I mean limited edition	4
I would absolutely claim it and yell that my Auntie was looking for it.	3
You bottomed out, worked, and wanted more. Feels great, doesn't it?	0
Old people sure do love their cable news history	18
Looks like a long lost cousin of [NAME]	4
How many wins do you got like 200 lol	1
Nice, thanks man	15
Are ya completely sure that's not from that Thursday last summer?	4
Your username sort of checks out? Lol	1
I wish I could forget about the redesign. Sadly reddit is adamant about reminding me all the time it exists.	8
Israel is only demonized because they DEFEND themselves from their neighbors who OPENLY admit they are dedicated to the destruction of Israel and the [RELIGION] people.	3
One of my favorite porn sites ever. If you're looking for good incest porn, it's the place to go.	18
I hope she makes enough for therapy for her kid.	20
>Take a payday loan, smoke some meth, buy a shitload of guns. Tell me which ideology this is and I'm sold	7
I would love it as long as the art style was mature and well done	18
at least you found it	0
dude, thats grave danger for sure. thats terrifying. he was a predator for young men interested in sports cars. luring in for diabolic purposes!!	14
> 333 Brothers and sisters are here now So much cringe.	14
That looks like before Fox even owned it, I was surprised to see it's almost been 30 years	26
I'm just happy anybody's talking to me. I'll listen again :-)	17
If its affecting your mental health, you know what to do. You have a commitment to yourself first and foremost.	5
Omg I want this dog ❤️❤️❤️	8
Thank you. I have never seen the word typed in that way before.	15
This is why I love people posting pics in the LA sub, because I see perspectives of LA that I would never see otherwise. Love this pic	18
I think they mean the banker is being unethical, but I'm not 100% sure	6
Those women are the worst.	2
Oh yah for sure, I am on that page dude. I thought that’s what you meant.	4
My cat still loves me after I tripped over them in the dark on my way to the bathroom how are animals so amazing	0
That’s a very precious word from [NAME].	15
I would like a link as well, please. :)	4
Or maybe he does, and that’s why he scared of people thinking that; he’s afraid of people finding them out.	14
OH DARN IT, THANKS FOR THE REMINDER MFER!!!	15
Streamgate works fine for me and i'm not even late :3.	4
That's my wife ❤	18
Is that supposed to be outrageous? Assuming he met the requirements and earned them all, good on the guy for planning for his future.	4
i agree that far right are not our friends bur this seems fake af	4
22 points in 41 games with a pretty shitty Utica squad, first full year in NA... yeah I don’t want another Dahlen debacle 	2
Oh thanks, ~~[NAME]~~ Mitt. We all know you won’t provide meaningful opposition to [NAME].	15
"Good lord, do you not remember ""Thanks Obama"" where everyone fake blamed [NAME] for everything bad?"	7
Sorry, wrong comment train. Just gonna sneak right by ya there.	24
Why you mad bro	7
"My daughter loves this! She's taking a bath rn singing ""fiire"""	18
"""We need to be careful about hiring this one"" "	22
This shark is so beautiful i thought it was one of those high quality animations	0
just get the paper that say it is real and see how shit it is.	3
pretty fukkin sure lmao, its over fam, doing another trumpdown would kill the gop so they wont let him do it	1
You just blew my mind. Why haven't I thought of that before. You think someone would have explored that far east.	7
I thought you were making a joke about AI not taking over while asking a bot to remind you ;)	22
The pistons are aggressively mediocre which sucks. [NAME] has been awesome but the rest of the team is horrid	0
My kids (and yes, I as well) love [NAME] metal version.	18
You should make your own listing to showcase exactly this. Should be easy if it's as rampant as you say it is.	5
I love this! And I find myself thinking the exact same things. Soon...	18
Anything on Netflix really	7
There is no way that happened, dialogue is too coherent to be Scottish.	10
Wow spongebob was right!	4
Wah wahooooo!	13
We should definitely ignore it and blame it on California.	10
I died a little inside watching all of that champagne go to waste.	25
Bomb on your chest Do not try this at home	10
Fuck I’m sitting in position 3 right now	3
I’m sorry for your loss bro ❤️	16
Not really. All pretty random injuries.	10
Holy shit I think I see cheekbones.	26
We can work on both. Ignore centrists who want to pretend that we have to choose.	4
A Mass Effect tarot deck would be awesome! That was exactly what I thought when I saw this.	0
Right?! That’s up there with falling and hitting your eye on a doorknob.	22
It took me a second to distinguish between whether it was [NAME] or [NAME]. I have officially been cursed by this subreddit.	22
This is one of my favorite of [NAME] songs although all of them are really good. Either beautiful of funny all of them	18
[NAME] is a comedian. Every monologue he does is based in humor -- extremely intelligent humor. He is also extremely observant.	0
[NAME]: I-I *love* what you’ve done with these poles.. [NAME]: *sniff* *sniff*	7
I wish I could cry...	8
If someone has tithed 10% their entire life, fuck off with requests like this.	2
Maybe one day we will be able to see that process. I wish. I love my pets so much 😍	18
Season 5 is the best IMO.	0
Damn that’s a big F from me :(	2
That's some creepy coincidence, then! Maybe I'll find my Donut twin on here one day! 😮 One can only hope...	20
Bruh, fake music was the fucking best, wish we could go back.	17
FaceTime with wifey!! Happy anniversary!	17
Yeah...it's difficult to have sympathy for someone like yourself	4
Looking at thngs that way can also help with confidence. Realizing that it doesn't matter can be quite freeing.	22
Um yea. You’re being creepy. Stop stalking her	3
Like I said, stunning. But not at all surprising you would reference [NAME]. 	0
[NAME] probably won’t like that lol	1
is there anything scientists not working on?	7
Stick around! Would love your input / POV!	18
I regret looking at his posts.	24
Heaven forbid you do some actual research.	3
He isn't unique to that. Every defensive metric disagrees 🤔	10
Yeah the non guarenteed packs are really the worst. I think I did 2/20 on those.	11
>Congratufuckinglations Good one! You got a good chuckle out of me.	0
Different region of same hellscape. Congrats, good luck!	15
Ah, that's a tryptan, that can have more pronounced effects indeed.	4
I'm confused what you're crying about. The situation has very little to do with us.	6
Ah. Yea, the classic loner looking for compliments. Seems pretty edgy	0
I love PragerU r/pragerurine	18
Aw crap you're right. Sorry I suck at names and shit	24
Currently [NAME], I just finished watching season 1 and I really like her. Bendelacreme is my all time favorite tho	0
Plz add ye and ksg. Thanks, ye	15
That is great insight. Once mom is against you, you’re done. 	0
OH [NAME] THAT'S TERRIFYING SOMEBODY SAVE US ^/s	14
"I find that even when I wear a hat, I ""look [RELIGION]"" and get the same hate."	3
I don't know how accurate that is, pure nicotine is a lot different to nicotine in tobacco so I doubt vaping is that addictive	6
This is a pathetic grasp to hope where there is none, hoping for a top 15 pick isnt going to bring us out of the bottom Look at edmonton	20
[NAME] just has the runs. Don't worry, [NAME] is lacing up to replace him	20
The only thing keeping me warm in this subzero temperature is my fucking hate for [NAME].	2
I'm very sorry for u, they should treat you like royalty not a fleshlight	25
This is fantastic! What an incredible gesture. Given the current fears British [NAME] are currently living under, this is a very welcome bit of news.	0
I like [NAME] better	18
Lol! Nope. Any muscle in your body will shrink if yiu dont use it.	1
I’ve started the journal part! But I unfortunately need to wait until he gets more aggressive for them to act on it.	9
Would love to own a deck like this 😍	18
"That ""Hard work"" usually involved the junkrat pressing Q so I'm not about to shed tears"	25
Not sure what's cringe about this, even if you disagree with the political message	6
[NAME]. Instantly went to moving the goalpost. Looks like my bet was a winner.	1
I haven't listened to new music since 2006.	22
This girl looks STRONG!! I want her to be my goddess and I will please her on command!	0
[NAME] I hate Twitter	2
Any league that creates a system that makes a kicker more valuable than WR/RB/QB is a league I don’t want to play in.	10
You're so fucking original	0
I'm not really interested in collecting them but I do enjoy watching videos of people who restore old hotwheels.	17
Fuck her... don’t live to make your parents happy	2
"He looks great in ""Ideal Home""."	0
Unless wages for food service workers change you better keep tipping.	4
Looks delicious.	0
I've always hated the 610/45 interchange. Everyone slows to a crawl when there is no need to slow down.	2
Please don't ruin our self-deprecating-humor cope.	10
Locking a bunch in a kids in a room with their pedophile priest is fun af? You need help.	5
no, educate yourself like an anarchist. 	10
Okay perfect! I'll definitely have that conversation with him then. Thanks for the help! :)	15
You two seem nice.	0
I’m a HR professional and deal with this all the time. You’d be surprised how ignorant most people are about their paychecks.	4
Too bad he endorses seiko, this wouldve been a great ad	10
That IS crazy!	3
She's doing so good!!! I'm rooting for her hardcore!! I like her.	0
Wow those fruit turnovers look delicious id defo pay 3$ to have one	0
5 months until parole	22
You conveniently ignored my response to this naivety when you said it before.	3
The best terror	0
Hear eagles fans are sending dude money. He'll need it. I'm hoping I hear of his unemployment momentarily.	20
Yup. I’m assuming cause it’s live crawfish and early in the season? Idk. I love crawfish cafe but not for that price.	18
Fuck your husband	2
> They are working on something new... TLWGAS. I'm not ashamed to admit that I'm too dumb to figure out what that stands for	3
Dude that looks like some sh*t out of a James Bond movie!	9
I’m genuinely curious as to how much Netflix is paying people to make memes about Bird Box.	7
Can these be made so in the future it could be made even higher? Like adding an additional 15 feet or so? Would be cool...	8
Considering I’m majoring in politics, that’s the plan!!! Thank you! 	15
Yankees, Nets, and Giants, all the best!	15
That's a classic. You have good taste.	0
heyyy that’s my birthday as well!	13
Nope. I like looking at people.	10
True to the first, I hope to the second.	20
Feminists body-shaming and objectifying men	12
"Huh. Similar things happen to me. Just my big brother believe that I got the wrong diagnoses and Dad think I am ""cured""."	22
It's harder to find a decent picture of him	25
That would be really rough. However she is so incompetent I wouldn’t be surprised if she self immolates	25
Pretty cool.	0
definitly whining my dude	4
Reminds me of my favorite [NAME] post	4
Yep. The problem is definitely regulation and not wealth hoarding supported by corporate money controlling politics. Temporarily embarrassed millionaires unite!	12
Daaaaang I bet he had a headache after that	20
To be fair that would be a hella stiff drink.	3
43% on a one bedroom apartment (with a nice large balcony) in Potts Point. Sucks to be single.	9
Yeah. I heard that in my head aswell doing the last argument, and found myself back here posting. 	22
Actually whoosh doesn't apply here because the criteria for whooshing is different.	10
Knife Fight used to be an awesome cooking comp show	0
I remember the Lions under [NAME]. Just no.	22
...What is that?	7
You have my support.	5
Thank you for your comment, I didn't know Phoenix had a subreddit so now I'm subbed.	15
I appreciate that. :)	0
[NAME] just ripped his jersey. He’s frustrated as hell right now	2
I will never understand why streaming is entertaining.	6
And how often do you hear about feminists fighting for these women’s rights? Never. Feminists are cowards.	3
Gratzy-Gratzy. You have a brought a great joy to this old Italian stereotype.	17
Haha hopefully, that'd be good for his morale. I just wanna beat the Knicks tonight honestly. 	20
Desperation is unattractive, stop being so desperate. Love yourself before you can love someone else.	18
Exactly, or they thought he was saying it jokingly. The delusion these men live with continues to amaze me	26
I can’t translate /s to Texan speak well and forgot so my apologies y’all :)	25
Who is afraid of who here? The shower or you?	6
LOL, once in a lifetime. Sheesh, this sub is obsessed	1
I wasn't aware of that subreddit before. Thanks for reading and for the recommendation!	15
Thank you!	15
> I just don't see how this movie wouldn't get dull after about a half hour. then cut it at 90 min.	10
Occupation badges are dumb and I’m sad they made the transition to OCP.	25
Ha ha manu plays shit football amirite guys	1
I'm really proud of you for standing up yourself like that!	0
unrealistic, the little fuck didn't taunt post-kill	2
one of my all time favorite episodes i even love the closing animation of them crossing the bridge out of the	18
I’LL SEE YOU AGAIN NEXT TIME	13
Is there an all time favorite moment you can point to in your career?	7
It would be pretty epic if [NAME], the artist that did the San Bernadino '17 poster, did the cover art for the new album... 	0
I wish you with all my heart to find a woman that will love you so much that will get you a bj bell.	18
It's weird. You might be right to worry.	14
I literally, like, hate people like that.	2
Don't judge our love	2
Is this season 7? I don't remember it.	6
This dude live near me. All my highschool classmates are big fans of his and look up to him.	0
You gonn give me one of dem?	6
Explaines Why I’m on the lookout for cats when I’m anxious! Thanks	15
Yes,on top of that feel like vomitting,can't breathe and thinking I will faint.	14
“So which one is she” “Uhhhhhhh.....”	13
shouldve just given him the sum you usually pay and transfer the burden of awkwardness onto him	5
For those who are wondering, that would leave you with about $1,000,000	7
Agreed. To add, we also need to see how coaching changes shake out when it's all done.	4
That's the point tho, they had lots of talent already, and just a couple of changes at the key spots changed everything 	4
i prefer this	4
Hugs to you It will get better	5
Cool! Tell me more about yourself---PM me if you're more comfortable.	0
Crosspost from same community?	7
I wanna see [NAME] too at the ASG too!! He gotta show that [NAME] Magic with [NAME] as teammate	13
Umm... educated people who think that killing a fetus after viability is abhorrent?	7
Is this funny but sad? This just seems like a normal meme to me	6
You win one internet!	0
Not only does the overbooking hurt the customers financials and time, but violations like this one put lives in danger.	25
I'm seeing the error using Chrome both on MacOs Desktop and Android. I'm glad it seems to just be me though. Apologies for the snarkiness.	24
[NAME] !!!	0
Good loss for the tank. [NAME] and [NAME] played really well.	0
My childhood horse died due to twisted intestines. Very traumatizing, since he crawled over and put his head in my lap at the end.	25
I have the same question I had before- you didn't attempt to explain why US healthcare prices ought be higher than Canadian.	7
Wasn’t there a video of the exact same dude kicking down a fucking tree????	2
Dedicated agents will work without pay to see him hauled away in cuffs to visit his pal [NAME].	20
Yeah im sure the chinaman who made this in his tiny noodle house for one millionth of a yuan is super stoked about this.	0
Alright, thanks again	15
[NAME] you like picking and choosing. not how life works. not how fact works.	3
Anything to do with Iceland and Scandinavia has to be rad!	13
Grøh. Fast great moves and becomes insane during soul charge	0
This is amazing. You look like a video game character whose hair texture hasn't loaded in properly.	0
Wooow! [NAME] hitting [NAME] with that question! Can’t wait to see that!	13
It's amazing that things like this still exist, considering how much English-language education there is. 	0
I'm glad you liked it :D	17
Now the 'fun' really starts. :(	1
Oy vey, [NAME] 🗑 is gonna be *pissed*!!!	3
So I'm not ugly I'm hideous	4
It's great, though kind of painful if you ever had dreams of writting/drawing/making a comic/game/novel it hurts a lot.	9
"This is not surprising at all. She's a fake trendy ""feminist"" with no perspective whatsoever."	10
Dear lord this woman is awful	11
Sorry, might have been the wrong command. Just checked my uplay for it. It's /nodinputpad	24
Wow that's so lit🔥🔥🔥😂😂💦💦💦 im so proud of your autistic son for making it LOL OUT LOUD 👏👏👏💦💦💦👏💦👏💦👏💦👏💦👏💦👏💦👏😘😘	0
Ok thank you!	15
[NAME] damn fruit booters.	3
Thanks for the recommendation! This goes straight to the top of my audible queue.	15
Hey, fbi guy... If you arent too busy. Its kinda cold outside and im out of bread. Would you mind?	7
Me and friends just got Vermintide 2, and it isn't an MMO but it solves a lot of MMO problems we had. Quite fun so far.	17
Shucks, that's 11am for me. I might drop in one day when I don't have work. Thanks!	15
"Saying ""don't come into this subreddit just to start arguments about politics"" isn't intolerance."	3
Arrow already did break this trend by having a mostly excellent S5, definitely much better than S3 and S4.	0
Posting Onion Boy here is basically cheating.	10
Have you told him you aren't 100% ok with it? It sounds like you're regretting this decision.	24
I refuse to accept that	10
Neither of them looked good in the grimes beef lol	1
Living his best life.	0
This is cursed	2
would give gold if I had it haha	1
And this is actually one of the nicer flats you can get in Boness too!	0
What?! What women power!?? Please elaborate. What part of her rambling constitutes as women power”?	7
Sad but true	25
Thanks for the tip, just got some FYH Caesar on sale, can’t wait to try it!	15
Definitely don’t rush. That’s how unfortunate decisions happen, and then you’re linked to that person for the rest of your life.	5
I'm scared for her. The Saudi government has proven to be very brazen in its disrespect for international law.	14
Oh that’s so sad that she thinks anyone cares about her opinion	25
A lot of things men do *isn't* sexual harassment no matter how you feel about it.	10
I just open mouth laughed so loud my kids came out of their bedrooms, phone in hand, but still...they came out!	1
[NAME] hoping he's [NAME] mum	20
I don’t really mind pickles, it’s just that they’re warm and soggy and there’s 1000 of them.	3
That has nothing whatsoever to do with what I was talking about.	10
Stranger than fiction. Can't even begin to comprehend what that poor [NAME] was going through.	6
Oops, forgot to translate from UK lingo 	12
I laugh every god damn time.	1
Oops! The bottle was so oily it slipped outta my hand and into the trash!	25
That's why everyone loves you, you're a joke club. 	18
That's the best catch I've ever seen	0
oh my [NAME] the hands... so small... but so powerful...	0
"Can you imagine if management was like ""Hey [NAME], we need you to fire the custodian. Thanks."""	15
good guy win	0
Yes the achilles gave out and so did my hopes. I miss brandon :(	9
Thanks. Some of the things just require a little tweaking so really I don’t think it’ll be too hard.	15
No! My furniture is floating!	10
I'm shocked, shocked, to find that redditors don't read sources and stay with the info they get from the misleading titles. 	26
Yeah the question makes no sense without more context.	3
I am very thankful for that. And thankful I wasn’t totally brainwashed	15
Thanks! Sometimes you need an article in order to shake some sense into someone.	15
You just made me so happy.	17
Love the idea for the [NAME] skin but I think it might be too hard :/	18
I wonder the same thing. Where could I go where no one would ever find me. I usually come around to dropping myself in the millworks.	7
Don't tell yourself those lies. They only serve to keep that weight in place. We're all lucky to have you. You're a gem	0
My favorite thing about this is that OP doesn’t clarify which item he’s so excited about.	18
You have much to learn	5
That's crazy I just watched two of his movies last night. Unbreakable and split. Very interesting movies.	0
Any food shortages will be caused by these idiots each buying 38 tins of beans a few days before we leave.	3
My two favorite channels are Inner Integration and From Surviving to Thriving. Both have many videos, and they really get it.	18
You’re no welcome then. Get aff reddit.	10
[NAME] rolls with his kitties and is hard as fuck.	9
that would be so cool!!!!	0
I'm at 133 wins. I'll probably try to get 17 more since I'm so close and they eextendedthe season, but it seems kinda meh	20
You're willing to lie about anything to shill for [NAME].	10
The level of denial the top boys reached was astonishing.	26
I agree she’s not fat, but that is Photoshopped and posed into oblivion.	4
Hard to expect much when he has not been involved in the offense for most of the season.	10
its great that she takes care of you, but remember to let her know that she can lean on you	0
Anybody else feel super weird when you see your dad get hurt? It’s a weird thing to see	3
This is a good change. I've heard too many sad stories on Tinder about this sort of thing, looking for a way out. 	4
I'm still a little surprised at how god awful that defense was. The Bengals definitely have some talent to work with.	26
Wow. AP should find that video and flag whoever did that...deep, scary issues at play	14
I felt a great disturbance in the Force, as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced.	14
I like [NAME]. Sue me.	18
Okay I can see why that is one glorious beard	4
It's hard to try to evaluate yourself, but I appreciate you trying.	0
Damn didn’t see it sorry	24
I like how she calls him racist, when he didn’t actually say anything racist.	18
I picked up some sea pods the other day for like $8 us online and I love them, zero leaks and great flavour!	18
You look like a failed attempt to gene splice [NAME] and [NAME] DNA	25
Buddy... Are you ok? Is there a teacher at your school that's strange? Kidding. Nice post as always.	4
I really wanted this to be a real sub.	8
It makes me super fucking nervous edit: was able to buy temple at +1 fuck it lets ride	19
Okogie looks like a freaking beast compared to the rest, maybe not Ayton. His shoulders are bigger than his head haha.	1
My thoughts EXACTLY [NAME] looks dead.	16
thank god your not on the dev team	23
Probably right, I could have mixed up the years or just misremembering	6
Good to know my paranoia has paid off haha, and same, sooo many snacks.	1
thank you it’s just odd it randomly showed up and hasn’t always been there	15
Agree she doesn't deserve happiness since she has taken it from you!!	4
That would be hilariously vicariously through the subterranean passages to the bottom of this post.	1
Stay strong.	5
Love it.	18
Awesome. Never get sick of hearing stories like that	0
They might trade for [NAME] or give France a chance. Still scratching my head at letting CV go.	6
“Enjoy your dinner”	17
OMG are you serious? Do you know what episode? That's horrendous! I'm really disappointed in [NAME] on that one.	9
And it’s super awkward with someone you barely know.	12
But it looks so cute	0
If my mom were still alive, she'd be so pissed at [NAME] being in this cast.	22
I really liked this but holy shit I miss my AR shots compared to like 1440 or even 1600	9
And then you got a little vacation from work too! :D	17
Aaahhh u got a spanking. Lol	1
Sorry, my phrasing was terrible. Not across the board, but eggs are definitely an example where OP was right.	24
Honestly, back then, seeing her squirm would have been perfect. I'm mildly curious to see if she's still scared of me, though.	7
Wow City all of a sudden not so invincible anymore, have as many defeats as us now...	26
Thank you, lightwaves. Very cool.	15
Grow up.	3
Yup. Lol	1
19??? Yikes slow down, enjoy yourselves and figure yourselves out. Not an age to make big decisions like that, I say at 24...	10
Doesn’t frustrate me at all. He’s not worth the asking price. Plain and simple.	3
Happy for you!	17
Because your very wise mother KNEW who the real wankers were and she couldn't be bothered... Smart lady.	0
"""Muscles? You mean blood balloons?"""	7
This is just too cute.	0
Happy cake day	13
I love how the dog is just happy the cat is giving him attention.	17
I tend to agree with you. They all have innocent blood on their hands.	4
ah i was also confused but i think they mean friends around the same age	6
That's beautiful.	0
"You did not say you thought you did you said ""they both blocked me"" and then went back and edited your comment. LOL."	1
I was waiting for the delayed explosion and holy cow! That was insane!	8
Nah, my comment stands. Poor effort. 	10
Stop whatever you think is pushing you away. You are the one in control not [NAME].	5
I love that your drinking that out a tumbler	18
It does infuriate me.	2
You're right, it's not as bad as the crippling retardation you currently suffer from. I'm sorry dude	4
What happened that she was so pissed and did this live?	7
If they want the situation to escalate, they may just keep nagging me and wait for things to tip over.	3
DELETE THAT SCREEN SHOT! NOW!!!	2
Absolutely nothing! LOL	1
OMG I looked at this they're coming I can hear the boots.	26
I ASSURE YOU WE'RE OPEN	4
Until you realize immortal Trout is better...	22
I agree, not to say he would be a favourite but [NAME] is very hittable, one good headkick is all it takes	4
Thanks for the information!	15
if I told 11 year old me that brussell sprouts are a top 5 vegetables, he'd have laughed in my face	1
Oh, you play on Skelth too. Actually, my laptop almost died during that one))) But somehow I managed through that haha	1
"""These people didn't go to my church therefore they are demonic"""	10
Thanks for this 😂	15
check out victim of ritual he's one of the best [NAME] players around and he uses a pad. It's nothing you can't get used to	0
Thank you for those words. Your message made me feel better!	15
Socially it's completely unacceptable to pee your pants.	10
Wow. As much as I like pizza I would get sick of it if I were to eat it every single day.	26
Hate Hate Hate, feels so good.	1
The street drugs here are laced with fentanyl, i think I’ll do something else	6
6 months is not long term in my opinion. 2 years and up.	10
Safe to say we’re out of adjectives for him now	4
I can’t imagine choosing McD’s over Banh Mi, that’s just a complete lack of respect for your taste buds.	10
I am. He's the easy pick. Would be perfect for this franchise. I'm worried that he won't make it to us.	19
5’8ish my guess. The one thing that blew me away I went to a COD event was how short majority of pro’s are	9
[NAME] is bad & anyone who still supports him should feel bad for it.	10
How dare the russian government expose the DNC and its corrupt behavior!!!!!	2
This is the most perfect thing I've ever seen. So many layers	0
So...... SOOOOOOOOOO glad Atlanta came back and beat the Bucs. Because of it, my beloved [NAME] are coming to Tampa.	0
I think making fun of him will just piss him off.	3
Thanks alot [NAME] i will try to use these tips	15
*The Daily Wire.* Lol.	17
Many of them do love LEGAL ones.	18
"""Yeah look"" like a toddler being surprised by his own genitals"	26
I mean, she actually is a genius, so I really dont have a problem with her identifying herself as one	0
I feel bad for these guys. I'd like to be able to help ex-mos in trouble.	25
I'm so glad not to have Publix in my region when I see this bullshit...even though *I* miss their subs too... Lol	1
This is not a legal issue. Take it up with your school if you don't agree with it.	3
I dont get the joke	6
Thank you mate.	15
Weird flex but ok	11
She looks so FIERCE. I love it.	18
We have the problem and just started a group for couples without kids to make friends on Facebook this past weekend.	4
Great program, the wife and i have been able to pay down 10k in debt in 3 months since moving our daughter into the program	0
And ate it. No wonder he died.	22
Having long good chats with brother about stuff, got clear boundaries set, thanks all	15
I don’t know the whole story here, but would getting your tubes tied be an option?	7
So dumb it's genius.	0
Pretty convenient my drool hit the upvote!	4
This is the most fucking sensible comment I have seen in the this subbredit. Have the exact same opinion.	4
Beautiful stranger i don’t have to talk to them after	0
Congratulations!! Colorado is an amazing place! I just moved away a year ago and miss it terribly :) Best of luck to you!	0
I literally point out the same thing (along with everyone in the YouTube comments) and get downvoted to oblivion. Love it.	18
If I wasn't destitute I would give you gold. I humbly offer my upvote.	4
Not gonna lie, I LOVE pneumatic tubes. This is now my next vacation plan.	18
When people who know nothing about MLK besides their middle school education talk about MLK	3
That's an adorable horsie	0
Bless you.	5
What a unit	0
That actually looks super, super cool.	0
I’ve got bad news for you about NFL locker rooms if you’re offended by homophobic slurs....	9
You’re a women hating racist. That’s what you are. Stop talking shite and trying to pretend otherwise	2
Considering the century is only a touch over 19 years. Is this really news worthy?	7
[NAME] is a terrible defender, and as much as I like [NAME], I think it would be more beneficial to move his contract and sign another piece	0
They look so good together *praying for Disney ending*	0
so fucking beautiful. so subtle, but so necessary.	0
I love everything I have ever made in mine, but recently it's mostly used to hard boil eggs.	18
sending my thoughts and prayers LOL to your family!!! 😂 😂 😂	1
I'm surprised [NAME] hasn't had a chance to be called up	26
It’s deeply bizarre.	9
Boston Children’s Hospital has these!!! Love it!	18
Unreal. [NAME]- Expert level	0
i discourage a protest that tried to infringe upon free speech	10
Ah ok I thought by terrific you mean terrific at reducing speeding since (I think) that is the policy objective. Cheers!	13
That is absurd, man. I'm sorry you don't believe in the spirit realm. 	24
It’s one of my worst nightmares to have skin like that...I hope that person gets actual help	25
Unsure if OP is serious or just being sarcastic. I can't decide?	6
You make soap? That's awesome.	0
I would tend to agree, but it’s also the crypto market. You never really know what it’s going to do lol	1
Hey guys. Just made some dinner. Came to see the game and check ohhhhh my god.	26
NOO HES SO ANGRY	2
Even on steroids of all kinds in high doses there is no way that this is done in 16 weeks	10
"A ""kicky switch""? I'm not sure where to use that, but I'll find a way."	6
out of curiosity, What are you watching?	7
"Wow....thank you...you just ""woke"" me up :) "	15
Riding your bicycle down Powell is *a stupid fucking idea*.	10
Damn straight! My folks only knew when I told them about it!	4
A surprise, but a welcome one	26
damn. Thanks!	15
I guess I'm just too nice to people and I gotta learn to start sayin no.	22
Congrats to you!! My husband went from being like your husband... to processing cannabis oil. There is hope.	15
No, there’s a ton of people like you in this thread who don’t seem to understand that head glitching does not equal taking cover.	10
New Title Idea : Man gets assaulted for voicing his (albeit awful and disgusting) opinion.	11
Did you get to try the bipod? I can't wait till I get home.	7
I’d love for [NAME] to turn into prime [NAME]	18
No, no. I love the ones where patients succeed. It’s not that. It just seemed like everyone phoned it in this time. 	18
Poor fish :(	25
All good brother	17
I appreciate your optimism in saying just a few more years	0
I think you're pretty neat, but I respect your distance	0
They added it back for a short time but removed it shortly after.	9
You can slice it anyway. If it has sugar or heavy sugar than tax it or go for specific categories like soda and candy etc.	4
Just remember I love you	18
You're telling me you don't get excited when you see a big hit or players drop the gloves?	7
I don’t remember [NAME] saying that tbh	10
Just for recreational use? Glad you are having a change of mind though	17
I pirated this movie last night and can confirm: it's truly awful. Not just lacking in good, but *aggressively* bad.	11
username definitely checks out	4
Congrats! Vegan baking is still daunting to me but I will conquer it one day!	15
Which makes it even weirder that he hasn't played [NAME] yet. He seems born for that role.	0
Exactly! How dare we give those people shade!	4
Spurs gonna get two in a row over us. Embarrassing	12
"Can you clarify what you mean by ""transcendent moral order?"	7
Hulu is awful for this. The volume on their commercials is deafening.	11
Ngl the entire first order feels like a joke...	17
Why would we put a center at SF	7
Thank you!	15
I wasn't trying to counter your whole argument by objecting to a particular bit I found particularly silly	10
Wow. You basically found my dream woman and gave her up.	26
it’s starting to get weird	12
You know I’m sad the [NAME] hype is over because I actually think he’s been really good for us overall. I still trust him.	25
When the gov shut down under [NAME] many were calling for his resignation. This is similar, but people already hate [NAME] so obviously people are more angry.	2
He's back! I missed him. He is the most entertaining thing on this sub.	13
That is so creepy and scary. Imagine if he really was a Dr, and the only one available in your hmo.	14
Wow you could like hand out anarchist flyers while selling these balloons. Would probably attract a lot of people	20
You gotta love the process.	18
I love him!	18
I like how this story's problem is literally the opposite of the next oldest post on this subreddit	18
I unironically approve of this message. It is time for the French Revolution to end.	4
I’d be afraid to get high after that yo	14
Damn democrats, if they think they're caring for the children, why don't they just change the weather then, never thought about that one. 	3
This is a person who has clearly danced a lot, I wonder what happened 	26
My bad. Was half asleep while typing and couldn’t remember how to spell😂 I just let autocorrect take over, thanks! Lol	15
50 becoz I’ve used before and it’s A really intense high but after a bit of research I’m extremely hesitant to use it again	9
Where's the love button	7
>How do you know I didn't Because you posted this dumbass post. And only someone who didn't would say that	2
This made me laugh way harder than it should have	1
wrong place thats hilarious	1
love that yawn	18
That’s pretty damn good	0
yeah but like I’m highkey anxious about getting shocked and screw Apple for getting rid of the rainbow logo, it was so cool	13
ooh man I miss OutKast. brings me back to my childhood	25
Did the burglar win? It's fine and all that he tried sueing, if it actually worked is the important part. 	4
Oh he'd be far too attractive lol He's southern anyway, would still need to put on an accent 	1
> While less than 1% of DV accusations end up being unsubstantiated I find that incredible.	0
The rhyme scheme is amazing	0
[NAME] and [NAME], are hands down my favourite AC characters.	18
THANK YOU ROY! i was just about to say, how are they just discovering [NAME] being british.	15
Good luck to you! Also good job for standing up for yourself	15
He sounds like a stand up guy. I want his attitude in the clubhouse for sure	8
I was assaulted by my father once too. Please don’t hate yourself, it was not your fault. It was his doing. 	25
>Federal minimum wage should be closer to $5 That's a horrifying thought.	10
A crime more sinister cannot be imagined!	10
SS: Collapse of the west, and re-birth, all in a beautiful video.	0
Getting jealous over exes is hard to overcome but they are EXES, he/she doesn’t want them, they want you.	22
My empathy to you.	5
For real my wife was like what the hell are you laughing so hard at... I couldnt even explain i just kept laughing.	1
Thank you very much my good sir! If no one else has sent me a picture by then I'll make sure to inform you. Thanks again!	15
The problem is that people cannot differentiate between a necessary and a sufficient condition.	3
Interesting, thanks for clarifying.	15
What if the meal didn’t consent to being cannibalised?	7
wtf i hate [NAME] now	2
[NAME]. And I’m not even trolling. I seriously love him.	18
Ah, that sounds frustrating! Thanks for sharing. I think I might steer clear of the teeth thing. 	15
yes it does.	4
Interesting take there	4
Yup. If they're brazen enough to not give a damn about the law, they're brazen enough to not care about public opinion on them.	3
> super model strange Oh man	26
u/Mickster19 these are incredible! We gotta have this [NAME].	0
Only issue I have is that tiramisu is a beautifully layered cake and all of that is hidden by the container	2
You can't talk morality to psychopaths.	10
The fact that you put [NAME] above [NAME] is proof that you’re a troll or mentally handicapped.	3
Interesting!!	13
That’s my favorite insult ever	9
its disgusting where our society is. free tube sites need to be banned	11
Gotcha. Given how contentious even the top-tiers are, I wanted to play it safe.	8
I'm not lol I haven't touched ranked yet Edit: I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or what but I'm not	6
[NAME] was not aware that I had managed to diss the entire New Labour legacy in so few words but you read what you want to... hun?	1
I can take the Karma loss, I couldn't help but troll that other post a bit. Some will get it (like yourself).	20
I’m 27 and I’m still finding high schoolers who look older then me at times still. I feel your pain	5
You / he must be doing an excellent job, then. I've never encountered one. 	0
Injury history alone makes him super unattractive.	10
They are dumb 43 / 37 year olds.	3
Thank you! Much appreciated, as promised.	15
I haven’t scrolled it down yet. I thought it was a woman then I saw the name.	6
This is so sweet 🖤	4
Dude, I'll be your friend any time. Especially if you got Steam/discord. I will link u to our friend group's server.	5
I actually do have a really good one who specializes in emp law. He serves multiple areas. Will pM	0
We need more people like you. We need a batman who specifically harasses fat people.	8
this made my day/night. thank you	15
[NAME] has played really well though. Arguably better than [NAME]	0
That does make sense. Thanks.	15
says the insecure idiot who just had to dig through my comment history to try to get back at me. lol creep	1
I like how they roll	17
You cant.Its the idiot civilian drivers fault for probably just staying behind him like a zombie. Unless they come out with heated trailers soon.	2
this is the perfect example of something that is a terrible combination without being outright disgusting.	11
This is as cool as it was burgers and fries and started the Omnibus to collect the first few pages were just so much to unpack there...	0
I like your honesty	0
that was an awful open shot....	11
Ah ha!	26
That was a joke? And a joke you've been waiting to use for 10+ years?	7
That's why the other half of people call me an asshole	3
This subs favorite game.	18
That is either very bad or very good.	6
damn it, you beat me to it.	3
All the centrist liberals in the comments are furious...	2
That's not true! Some of them are probably into watersports.	10
Welcome to CTH where everyone pretends that socialism will work, next time.	13
Great shot, from experience very difficult. 	0
Taking a float plane is such a amazing experience - highly recommend!	13
Right... so true. I’m sorry you’re going through this too.	25
But realistically if you’re expecting fine dining at any airport you’re probably kidding yourself. Sustenance without food poisoning is about the best you can hope for.	10
I'm sorry but this sounds very much purposeful. How exactly is headbutting someone an accident?	24
yes the one place i can reinvent myself over and over without killing the bank account. i think the things there carry a certain personality with them too	4
Haha, this is awesome, this sub is usually full of terrible stories, it's great to hear a nice one once in a while.	0
I agree with the last part. Stop getting stopgaps and sign [NAME]...	4
I mean that’s a stupid rule that creates an echo chamber, but I don’t see how that belongs here.	10
ah, thanks!	15
[NAME] looks great	0
And that wig is awful	11
Such a shame. Her butt was pert, cute and perfect in her Vogue days. Yes, I am showing my age.	11
So if she tones down the intensity and controlling nature, would that change how you feel?	7
Only the fools would call Saigon the Pear of the Orient, haha. Stop sleeping on the past too much. And stop betraying your country	1
Like [NAME]?	7
hahahahahahahahaha that post history oh [NAME] mods please dont delete this its too good	1
This is awesome. nice!	0
[NAME] is going to love her!	18
Im always worried that League Pass won't be the Orlando Feed. Thank god today is [NAME] and [NAME]	15
You are right	4
Fuck no i wanna kill the living shit out of [NAME]	2
I have been saying this for a long time, he is way overpaid and the forward position is our main weakness since [NAME] left. 	3
2013 was Dunk City, right? Because that was incredible 	0
I see some text on dark background is mesmerising.	0
Im so glad that you have peace today :)	15
That glass woulda broken the truck ha	7
This is the most beautiful story I've ever heard.	0
Sorry guys, I went a little far... You can read my apology post here.	24
Sick comeback. Not really a dirty combo other than the unblockable.	10
Poor lady, she was the mother of a friend of my wife, and she went to school with my father in law :(	25
“…Don’t try it, [NAME]. I have the (moral) high ground!” 	5
Wow your sister is in abusive relationship, cool. 	11
I so remember that!	22
[NAME]. I just want you to have a great stat day.	8
Cool Thanks very much !	15
Damn man that’s a lot of progress. You willing to put forth another 2 and a half months getting your new character back up there?	0
This is just so beautiful, man! 	0
Seems like you care way too much	5
Which sucks, because it's a *bitch* to find replacements for those.	2
I love him even though the newest season of t@gged kinda sucked.	18
It's not healthy though. It's processed. Lol, I see what you did there. Pun intended?	1
Omg. I hope she is ok! Poor [NAME].	5
He was trying to move the gun away so that it wouldn't hurt anyone!!!!.	5
Good. Can't wait for the lulz.	13
Careful, they scare away easily, but they will be back and in greater numbers.	0
I'm sorry that happened. Was her hospice nurse aware that she was suffering?	25
Your market sucks	3
Oh I see!	22
I cant stand [NAME]	10
No, this is not polyamory. It's assholery.	2
To be honest I miss the deep bomb on 3rd and 2. Watching the Browns game reminded me how I always love when it worked.	18
I couldn't agree more.	4
Man I really need to get back into this show	8
Yes, yes he did	4
old ladies are so wholesome	0
whachu mean? I dont understand what being turkish does to ones character	6
That was his scripted job. Fake.	10
His team is chasing away any hope at a playoff berth	20
**<3 I Love You <3** Welcome Home !!	18
Infatuation and love and really different and I've found our the hard way, wait a couple weeks before using the big L word Nice tho :)	3
I always walked in the grass, man. Am I weird?	7
None that I know of. Any mental health issue needs to be cared for like any other health issue. Doctors and medications can help.	5
[NAME] lmao	1
Shut up, don’t block the sanctimony train.	2
Where did the second biker come from?!?! Did be climb out of the truck bed?	7
yeah same issue with hockey short of places like [NAME]. 82 game schedule.	4
We gotta keep our hopes up sometime.	20
I'll miss the podcast	9
Lol idk how he messed them up but they were like eating rubber or gummy candies almost	1
Im so interested in learning more about the Garrison EU.	13
That's an interesting way to do it. I might come off as a little crazy, but this would definitely be an interesting experiment. 	0
Ain't that the truth, lol	1
i was in that thread, but i can at least admit it ;)	4
I haven’t seen this format before. And I don’t even know if it’s original. But I like it.	18
I’m sorry. Your city blows.	25
Should be best right now. Speculating on what might happen in the future is pretty pointless.	15
- me when I’m definitely not fine but too embarrassed to admit it	12
Wow two shitty reactions out of order, judging by the way [NAME] looks at you the sweetest.	22
Especially since he did well last season outside of Yankee stadium.	15
but what about my insecurities.	7
Its whatever you make of it. No one can tell you what it feels like except you, this is a journey you’ll have to take alone	4
That’s awesome man!	17
It's right up there with sites trying sell you gold for the coming apocalypse	4
No problemo bro an another thing idk if this will affect you but you can't get your gun license if you get ur card	6
Extol is the band that introduced me to progressive metal in the first place, still my favorite genre.	4
This moment ALWAYS makes me think of the “hzuh” Walmart rat vine	22
Meh, the liga that we all knew and loved went away when [NAME] fled to Italy	25
And Meteor Man Edit: Hancock was a superhero movie too even though it was terrible.	11
I had a guy who just kept jumping off the bridge in Eichenwald to his death over and over.. in a placement match.. WHY!	7
Who the hell has reddit in anything other than dark mode ??	2
Glad you learned from it m8 and hopefully you are doing okay now	20
> my cat needs new braces, Thank you. This made me laugh.	15
I don’t think you understand the meaning of cute	6
People who WANT a border wall: idiots, racists.	2
that's horrifying	14
Thanks man!	15
My dad said, [NAME] was a pin Up girl from WWII. Not sure if that is true. 	6
Okay then. It sounds like you have it all figured out. Good luck.	5
No means no? What does that mean between she and I though? When she's doing someone else	7
Seriously. A lot of small businesses especially rely on federal work. I hope this gets solved soon.	20
Poor wee thing is probably terrified somewhere.	14
I think you may be missing some of the public information posted by QCX employees over the past year but I think your posted information is mostly correct.	4
My vanity point for my love for SS is that it has a lance lord.	4
This offseason has been so upsetting	9
Thank you, too. It's nice knowing we're not alone. I hope you stay afloat.	15
I think the mushroom photos are a joke about his penis.......	1
My problem with history in school is we learned about American history every year, which meant we learned a lot of the same stuff over and over.	3
Same, nights are by far the hardest. My STBX and I are living together until June and it nights suck. 	3
You're just lonely, dude. Don't mix that feeling with love.	25
I wanted Dallas to win today so they could lose next week. I don’t want LA anywhere near the Super Bowl.	8
I can’t tell who’s wooshing who but I’m afraid to ask by this point	14
"He gets criticized for being too ""showy"" in his dialogue because people dont actually talk like he writes. But I love it"	0
I can’t figure out how to PM you but I have a question about something on another post. Mom of 2 here. 😂	6
Actually pretty surprised that they made it fit as well as this.	26
Truth Yeah keep living in your reality lol Delusional idiot	1
For sure. Thank you.	15
Too hungry for that money.	22
I actually like the progression of the [NAME] story. I think he has a chance to have a fantastic arc between FC5 and New Dawn.	0
Ok but it's pretty cute too	18
I'm not sure if this is /r/titlegore or /r/nextfuckinglevel But I approve.	4
Former HUD secretary? I'll bet he'd make a hell of a brain surgeon.	7
Great point.	0
I am pleased to report that my 5 win streak was broken.	25
Still seems to exist. I'll check it out. Thanks!	15
Seeing [NAME] score on them was unbelievable. How embarrassing!	12
Man I love that flair.	18
That’s so cool! I can’t wait to see when it’s finished!	0
Or you have msdn	7
[NAME] is a moron. Why take the ball away from your best player and give arguably the best RB in the nation the chance to run it out.	2
I see. Thanks again for taking the time. I'm very isolated from the world so It's good to finally talk to someone about those things.	15
Me too. I have so much shit and I can’t imagine taking any of it into my car and piling it that high. Wtf?	2
Please kind sir may I have some more	8
the screw i need is different than what they sell. we tried.	22
it’s what i would have wanted if i was a parent so yeah i’m glad i did something	17
Then there you have it. From everything I have seen thus far, this game is doomed. I hate saying that.	11
This guy - you win.	4
Psychiatrists are MDs. Psychologists can’t prescribe. Not sure what you’re talking about here....	6
Sew up that cockholster son, no one gives a fuck.	3
I thought sex would be a great stress reliever.	4
Good luck! Also, your story cracked me up. I've been going through some interviews myself lately but fortunately they were over the phone 😅	20
But then you regret it because you realize you secretly liked the attention. Just bottom things.	25
Not a nice thing to call your lady friend.	10
Happy cake day brother!	17
I am serious, and don't call me [NAME].	2
"The true perk is ""knowing all the good local spots"""	4
Maybe you just don't like women that much...	10
I was considering making a post with the same sort of thing. Good luck with the hunt!	20
It’s simpler to prove that something exists than to prove that something has always existed, Occam is on my side lol	1
Iunno, I laughed.	1
I've started downvoting people for mentioning meat or animal products in their comments.	10
Imagine thinking you can learn what you need to about parenting from a paper lol	1
I’m just afraid of the reaction. But I know you’re right.	4
Where is the best place for me to sell belt buckles, expensive watches, rings etc	7
I think it’s a bit more complicated than that, it also would appear I may have been misunderstood.	6
Probably clipped wings too, judging by the way it went down. Idiots.	3
Break up? Lol you lost me right there. I thought you were a rational dude until the mourning your “break up”. Decent troll 6/10	1
Gotta cheat on taxes somehow LOL	1
He had better get 1st ballot. He's a legend.	0
Both me and my bf pee in the shower together hahahaha	1
Ah ok. Thank you!	15
Don't let your high expectations of government disappoint you.	9
i used to do this a lot when i was younger lmao glad to see my vision wasnt just mine	17
Wanting to feel sexy isn’t really a thing that applies to me tbh	10
Shit he gets too close to a girl and she's liable to hit him with roach spray.	2
It’s been 2 hours, OP died for a noble cause.	16
There's really no need to test for congenital defects with a mixed breed.	10
Your comment reminds me of that one satirical GTA V radio ad where the advertiser tries to encourage people to beat their kids. It's kinda funny.	1
Of course I have. It’s nothing, absolutely nothing like this. Its just a few much bigger pieces that break apart now.	10
Yes I’m in a 2 bedroom now with a lot more space and yes they live in Virginia but they live in the Hampton roads area	4
I apologize for my error. I'm not currently up to date on my regional flip flop styles.	24
How did [NAME] shave her hair with just scissors	7
awkward edit - aww are you a rangers fan, damnit	12
Boston sports doesn’t deserve anymore titles, fuck the pats	2
He’s just tired and needs to rest.	5
You will also be removed from a jury if you utter anything about it.	2
Call ambulance or police for a wellness check but make HER pay the ambulance fees/ callout fees, not OP. it should teach her real fast.	3
Thank you! Do you know what agency would be interested in this information?	15
"You are like 2 years away from being Mr [NAME].... ""eeeeexcellent"""	0
Could you explain please? I understand each word, but not the sentence.	6
Now I feel like an idiot calling it a beamer for the 15 years I played baseball.	12
Did we see the same scene? [NAME] takes it like a champ. You *gain* points for turning her down.	4
I mean my statement applied to more than just weed but sure...	4
My withdrawal was marked as complete. Likely doesn't matter now though with the servers being completely offline.	4
Had me worried for a bit. As a [NAME], I’ve always been impressed with [NAME] love of their country ( great anthem too).	0
Please, just open your heart with us and tell us your thoughts.	5
Oh go fuck yourself with your BS generalization.	2
You mean the festival up in the domain?	7
Most likely shock that had him so comatose.	26
Hmmm.. this is kind of interesting that our name was even thrown into this mix.	13
I mean some of that is probably true. What a weird situation.	4
Strong and handsome*	0
I love that	18
Wow, they charge you to sign in the delivery too? They don’t make us do that in PA.	7
Also thank you for the advice.	15
I repent. I repent. Oh [NAME] [NAME], I do repent.	24
They’re usually not great actually. I’m shocked at this post. Must have gotten pointers from the Bills social guy cause he’s great	0
Ha! Thanks for this.	15
I'm a danger to myself	25
She doesn’t want me to pay. She also doesn’t want me to have any input.	3
Awesome; two steps back then one forward; so many big devs these days.	0
QB Coach too? Shit..	3
Finally figured out who these two remind me of	22
I’ll miss you, [NAME] Today is a sad day for our high sock loving brethren [NAME]	25
> I miss frequent, monogamous sex enough that I miss a relationship very much. This is really the core of why I want a relationship.	8
Yessir. And I live in Dallas. Stop being salty freefreebradshaw.	3
It's sad, but yes, zero. 	25
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **5th Cakeday** [NAME]! ^(hug)	17
Nice dude, aimheros just what I've used.never heard of kovaaks. Thanks for the tip, I'll give it a try tonight.	15
In reality the kid said: “fuck off noob, Genji grandmaster main here boiii”	2
Oh man, good luck man. Stay strong!	5
If we draft another late round QB this year I’ll probably have an aneurysm	20
Your hamstering is beyond entertaining. There are tons of posts, but you can't find any?	1
But [NAME] is fine	4
Wow 40 years at 18 wow how unfortunate.	26
That's my favorite! It smells so good without being overpowering.	0
Yeah that's funny. Girl who didn't like that is probably some [NAME] wannabe thot.	1
I realised that baby [NAME] looked like young [NAME] and it really upset me. So you all have to deal with that now too.	22
I am curious how much he will get	7
Burkina Faso is 1,000 miles of the Sahara away from Libya. Also, congratulations on embracing the sunk cost fallacy so completely.	15
Yeah that makes a lot of sense and I'm glad you looked passed all the negativity	15
It's funny to consider DMC2 had characterization	1
It won't matter how you explain it. He's cruel and insensitive and doesn't care about how you feel.	3
"""Do we need a GoFundMe for automated doors"" hahahah!"	1
Just wait until you're 36 and in a solid career so you can marry a used-up foid who only wants you for your betabux, bro.	20
I lived for your comment. I'm a goofy goober, yeah. 	4
You’re right, 5 minutes won’t be enough, earlier could be 10 minutes. Weird how that works.	7
Can you blame us after the article?	7
I like the energy [NAME], [NAME], DFS put out.	18
Revolver is pretty beast tho, 2 shot close range	0
Oh ok! Thanks for the info.And oh [NAME] I can’t imagine what that would feel like	15
It's also cruel how noone is informed about the execution at all. Relatives are left completely in the dark and likely never find out about their execution.	11
no it is not the same. At the level of 3k in income then it may seem the same or trivial to bother with though.	10
Every Saturday for the foreseeable future will be spent studying for the LSAT. Fuck	3
Do you mean they will win 3 championships in 58 years? Otherwise I don’t understand your comment.	6
There’s a weird [NAME] version of this where the person falls and finds [NAME]	11
Good! We need him to serve bops so pop can win some more	0
You must be really slow. Life must be hard for you. You have my pity.	4
Oh nice, VB using him as their own populist tool to grab the attention of the overtly racist and scared of brown people.	0
The fact that 34 thousand people upvoted that painting truly blows my mind	0
"Knew [NAME] would go for it. Again, love that fake-worry shade he throws. Just add ""biting nails"" and he could star in movies!"	18
That's true, and I love pitbulls, but a poorly-trained Chihuahua isn't going to rip your face off, nor are they naturally disposed to aggression. 	18
Her parents are all for it, I made a good first impression and they're just happy that she is. Thanks :)	15
Thank you alot, I'll link to it in the post	15
Thank you, LimbRetrieval-Bot! 	15
1) I think my least favorite thing our kid has done would be spit up in my mouth. 2) Vomit is worse than spit up	11
bahaha! Love it! These additions are pretty *sweet*! Glucose Guardian has the best ring to it though! 💲💸	18
yes, i know that people think of me as some strange freak because i never talk to anyone and act so awkward in social situations	4
/r/nbastreams is now posting home/away on their feeds, super easy to use.	13
>For those of us who stay, there may be more unhappiness than happiness. Probably the saddest thing I ever heard. 	25
Is it you, Mr. [NAME]? 	7
Absolutely adore this	0
I don't care for [NAME] but I still love this. Like it or not, he represents us.	18
Yes, I had to drive about 2 miles to the restaurant but I only waited 5 minutes. 	4
Thank you.	15
Damn, that was dirty.	11
I still want to know what happened with his ex. One minute they were talking babies and the next, [NAME] was engaged to [NAME]...? 	6
We need more vowelled insults so you can spell an Acronym with them	8
I have, Just i cant talk with them now, ill try to as fast as possible, thank you for your advice! 	15
I think we still have a decent shot at the playoffs because the hornets are also really bad but I would rather miss it and tank tbh	4
I feel personally attacked on this one. We're good people... : (	0
Which is exactly what ASIRT does...	4
How about breaking into tears whenever one of your friends tells you they trust you because you never understood what trust meant	25
"""We should be happy that we moved from 4th to 5th"""	17
This is his worst season since his rookie year	11
Ahahahahahaha!!	1
I wish I had been born there :(	8
Yeah....each state gets two senators regardless of population. None are favored. Population is represented in the House.	10
There are some amazingly cringey compilations of terrible dialogue from this show on yt	13
Quit talking about politics.	3
I’ve been banned twice there so I unsubscribed and joined this sub. This sub IS SO MUCH BETTER!	4
I don’t think anyone would be offended by calling a group guys. But idk	10
It really is. I didn't know a thing about the feud and it caught me off guard how brutal it was. Enjoyed it a lot though.	17
Look at all the REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE! Lol	1
[NAME]. When my ex and I discussed baby names, I feel in love with this combo	18
I really liked his answer to the QB success question. The Tebow part was also unintentionally hilarious.	1
True, the commonly affiliated ones are mostly just sheer ignorance or things like that.	4
And caressing your hair.. I’m not even a woman and that makes me shudder thinking about that	13
I'd love to hear the theme in the style of [NAME] or the Rolling Stones	18
That's great!	0
Shameless karma whoring.	11
I’ve literally done this when drunk before, I doubt it was you but my apologies nonetheless haha 	1
Imagine wanting a crock-pot that cooks enough for one person. What's the point?	6
No. I wishm Why did I stop? Kids work and money. Not a minute to myself	26
Ew her text is touching her photo, what a slut	11
> Imagine the ~~nightmare of regulation~~ flood of unregulated money these guys are up for- congrats.	0
You’re not winning this one. Move along.	10
I'm fully erect tho and I still don't like them	10
Yes. Some things are simply not allowed.	10
*Super Dark Times* was awesome. Those kids were great actors. They really tuned in on the bleakness of the situation.	0
This is yummy. I hope mods dont remove it	20
From where I was it looked like the plane banked right past the 505 on its second pass through downtown. Crazy.	13
That’s a lazy argument. Racism can be defeated with good education and proper parenting but most people are too lazy to fight for it.	10
Yeah, all the stun cannonballs are horrible. 	11
About as far as I got too, what a rude condescending wanker he is. 	3
That was glorious.	0
you're welcome!	15
This, be yourself she likes you for who you are.	18
Thanks, that's what I was looking for! 	15
Okay, thanks. Dont wanna get banned want my rewards from commendation thing.	15
No wonder I can not use my Visa card in China. [NAME] is doing the right things. China must stop its unfair business practices.	4
I hope it sticks for a while. I don’t have super even skin but I can’t stand wearing foundation.	20
I suppose you would take on somebody else's terminal illness if you could. That makes you the opposite of a coward.	0
[NAME] and [NAME] would be amazing, maybe [NAME] too.. The Rolling Stones, [NAME] and [NAME].	0
Do you want to see a picture of my diploma	7
Welcome to the new normal.	20
When you stop making garbage takes, I'll stop correcting them	20
Lmao y'all are in for a real rude awakening with [NAME] if y'all thought *those* were soft.	1
Very scary.	14
congratulations :o)	15
Optimism and emotions got us into this mess in the first place ffs. At least clarify why you are optimistic.	20
You’re the one who is stupid	3
Last time we played this well on January, we had an allstar center 👀	4
I’m a baptist and I laughed at this statement, have a nice day funny boi.	1
Could also be an overwhelming guilt in the heat of the moment. Probably hard to stay rational when you realize you've killed your own friend on accident.	25
Good luck. Netflix restricts known VPN IP ranges. Your best bet is a buddy with Open VPN server stateside and open vpn client app on your device.	15
If I remember correctly, you can't edit a title. I'm not on the official reddit app though.	10
People on reddit love trying to change the definition of words to suit their points	4
Would love it if [NAME] showed up as church lady and played a solo on it.	18
That edge just got fire polished.	4
They should fight to have Vans remove the [RELIGION] star from the back of their shoe.	3
Yeah thanks.	15
I'm so sorry but just do everything you can for you and daughter and of course mom.	24
> Men are. Women are. People are. > > Soon. I love you	18
Because I felt like it, just as you felt like announcing you basic grooming while trying to be insulting. 🙄😏🤷‍♀️	3
Thanks Mate. [NAME] is awesome	0
Wait there are more psychopaths in this world than are diagnosed? Color me shocked	26
fashion now wont age any better.. thats just the cycle of those things.	22
Trash pick up vehicle driver. Uh.. a garbage man?	6
You really think the Senate and then [NAME] will sign this lmao?	1
It's kinda sad knowing that ibises are only scavenging our bins & rubbish due to their natural habitats drying out.	25
The left has hurt itself in its confusion!	6
Bhahaha! I’m sorry, that sounds awful.	24
I prefer console and most of my friends play cod. I still enjoy gbs every year	17
I'm so happy that this worked for you! Go forth, and have unashamed sex in my honour.	17
He posted about white racists on a post that has nothing to do about racism. Pretty sure he is just racist.	3
Im turning 30 this year. We just cant get rowdy like we used to man, i mean we *can* but damn all these responsibilities	3
Keep going... 😏😏😏😏	20
"""Time heals all wounds. Give time time."" Best of luck to you."	15
I imagined as much, but I wasn’t sure, thanks for the clarification.	15
“I love food! Or “I’m a foodie!”	18
Today on someone flamed me in chat	2
Many great years in these jerseys, would love to see them come back as our 3rds with the 1970s originals for the 50th Anniversary season	18
Congrats! You have succeeded in your pathetic life.	0
I’m just waiting for the right director to actualize this subversion of our expectations.	20
fucking melb transport. I knew it would go to shit today because of the heat wave, and it did. the only bad thing about this city.	2
I wish. I got to revisit all the cringy things I liked in middle school. There were almost 1000 pictures and literally 700 of them were memes	8
It's a photograph with one of our greatest ever defender and captain. What's your problem?	2
Haha didn’t even notice. It’s staying.	1
It would be exciting I guess.	13
He’s my #1 pick for HC. Love this guy!	18
I'm pretty relaxed thanks for the concern though	15
That face is awesome!	0
Oh thank god, the TV is safe.	23
Omg I am so grateful for attending your TED Talk. (Not being sarcastic, btw. This is great)	0
It’s my favorite part of the whole week	0
[NAME]? He's an absolute fool. If we need a coach to destroy our organization from top to bottom, he's the man.	2
I really hope web design follows in fashion’s footsteps and starts emulating 90’s-00’s webpages. Such a nostalgic feeling seeing that site.	20
Maybe I’m out of touch, but I see 22-14-6 and think that is typically a playoff caliber record.	0
“Your” people are mentally ill and need help. Go get it ASAP!	5
i wish it was 2 hours :(	8
I wanted to bring to others' awareness here to the site and its absurd name. I've removed the link now above.	3
Lol, same! Except that I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder	1
Worst father ever award?	7
Stop it. You're giving me that warm fuzzies now.	17
This was last year. Didn't go, definitely should have. I'm fine though 	4
Dirty secret. They retired the decks until they got a doozy.	11
I used to get messages from neck fetishists a lot because I have a long neck lmao I didn't even realize that was a thing	1
Yeah you're right, I mistyped it. Should have said after 1st and after the 2nd. There's none after the 3rd.	4
Absolutely. It's exhausting.	25
So is that like your opinion or a viewpoint you can back up with solid reasoning?	7
yup today hit me extra hard since im unemployed. i feel like im not meant to work, or meant to do anything really!	9
I'd understand if it was because of his conduct, but because of money? We're the Yankees, what the fuck man	2
Im so glad I grew up killing infants at hospitals instead of being on my nokia	17
I'd say British humor isn't for everyone. I think he was on point most of the time.	4
It is a great line though!	0
I wondered what'd happen if I was away for too long from camp. So cool this happens	26
Crisis centers are not only for battered women they are for abused women as well. From the looks of it, they are all abusing you. 	10
It's hard to start over. I wish you happiness.	8
Wonder if her steel balls make the same sound, clanging together, when they're frozen?	26
We love our murder queen	18
Can't say that I do, no.	10
I like it. But I'm not the most fashionable fella out here.	18
At this point, LSC only exists to give socialists a bad name.	3
Is it wrong that I've been really disappointed that I haven't gotten to try out my new snowblower? :-/	9
Haha I've got a mild case of UC, maybe I should be more dramatic about it and use it!	1
It's like an instinct for idiots to downvote without even reading a comment first if they sense the word vegan in it haha	3
I've been a huge fan of them since the early days was wondering about this for so long! Glad they explained it/are alright now!	15
Your husband is a lucky man.	0
And sock puppets. Wow. Nothing out of you is in good faith.	17
Best email ever	0
[NAME] is in no way comparable to [NAME]. [NAME] is an imbecile.	3
Don’t forget sports gambling. THEN we’ll be happy.	17
I like it! It kinda feels like new territory, almost more real than old reality shows. It’s funnier and lighter too	4
Was that before or after the Sulphuric Sphincter show?	6
It's a hit headline from coin desk that has nothing to do with the article--which is glowingly positive for Ethereum and the Ethereum space.	4
Damn bro thats wack. But life has a way to with things she'll reap what she sows. Feel better	5
Omg yes lol	1
*All I want is to be left alone* *In my average home* *But why do I always feel* *Like I'm in the Twilight Zone?*	25
Ex-Marines are the best.	0
An online poll that the Berners didn't manage to swarm? Color me shocked.	26
Ya uh that's gen Z sorry	24
That’s awesome. Feed the gators while getting rid of Pits. Kill two birds with one stone.	0
Ah that makes sense, thanks for the quick reply. I'm new to the world of working so I have no idea what's what. 	15
You don't have a Mrs do you?	6
[NAME] fast asleep is adorable. I love how the two blonde girls are asleep and with drool.	18
That's true.	4
They will most likely be branded as PKK symphatizers by Turkish media. Which sucks because next time something like this happens some of them might get shot	10
I imagine it would be helpful for little kids who cant reach the faucet.	20
Say thos: mom, dad, she's busted. Respect my wishes!	2
Did this a lot when I was a kid but never did it as bad as this	10
I actually want to die rn. I don't want to watch the SB but I know I'm going to.	25
No? Lol	1
I can try. That sounds interesting. Its hard for me to not be interrupted at my house too. But ill definitely try.	4
I love conspiracy theories with no shred of proof	18
Congrats on the mild success of your stolen story	0
Wait... so you do or don't have Cole Madison news? I heard he became a [NAME] and he's living in Thailand.	6
He’s legally blind... medical marijuana is a thing bro... got any on ya?	7
It's not hypocritical to find annoying behaviour annoying. The two situations aren't mutually exclusive.	4
Just wondering how they did it visually with all the fireworks going on	13
I was hoping - thank you.	15
That seems like an issue with you not him	10
[NAME] is [NAME].	0
Being the most hated team of the refs is fun huh guys?	1
The part where he carries her to the car had me howling! Poor guy was stumbling with the weight he obviously couldn’t handle	25
Lmaoooo alright sure you did hardo.	1
Breaking News: Man Write Op-Ed About What’s Bad For Women	26
No they aren't.	10
What do you mean if it's controlled?	6
Looks amazing! You've reminded me that I need to organise a good hill walk or two this summer.	0
Yeah, I don't think [NAME] supporters should use intelligence as a reason to talk down to people. I have watched [NAME] speak. Yikes.	4
Dont worry, they are the best surgeons in the hospital and they will remove the tumor in no time	5
I have seen this gif like once a week for a year, and I still cringe every time. 	14
That was such a bad yellow, he had the height and positional advantage such a bad challenge	11
Yeah, not having a system that treats a kid that can't read as an emergency is a problem. 	10
I hear the ruler's control is remote and is viewed with great reception.	0
Thank you! Not to yuck any yums, but this bloody grease stain looks like something a haunted doll would leave behind. 	15
Now defeat your dragons and clean your room.	4
"Nevertheless, it amuses me that they mis-spelled ""literally"", and *only* ""literally""."	1
of course everyones for sure ML isles lose in the S/O lol	1
I love to watch [NAME] play tbh	18
Good luck to you all. You don't owe your dad anything, don't let anyone guilt you into seeing him.	15
Submit yourself to science to investigate this intriguing event.	4
Wow. You don't have any self control?	26
Thanks man I will check into it.	15
"I'm wondering how many players have ""PhD In Punishment"" -comment unironically."	26
I read this is the voice of [NAME]. Great job with the narration!	0
Ah, our primary investigator picks another hole with his salt mining tools. Well done.	0
I've learned everyone in this video is an idiot	3
Lol ratheists suck fedoras!	1
unbridled bigotry that started as a meme but ended... well, it hasn't yet but its not looking good	10
So [NAME] guided the process of canonization but then left?	7
Excellent, this is exactly what I was looking for. Thank you !!!	15
This is why we love Football!!!	18
Who is bored? I happily entertain myself.	17
Don’t laugh the way this game went I actually expected he will lay it in... then reality and [NAME] hit... thanks goodness	15
Were these the platforms they ran on.	7
The old driving range?	7
What then is a good outcome vs a bad? Never mind I get it I’m dumb....	7
Then you're saying its about looks, not the misogyny.	10
Not really the point I'm making, but thanks.	15
Lore wise, this makes sense and I hate/love it with the same energy 	6
I feel personally attacked.	14
Pokemon Go has kind of helped me with depression, tbh. 	4
I'm so proud to be british	21
He must really hate changing dies.	2
That’s...not even close to being an accurate comparison. What point are you offering by doing this?	7
this kid is really good	0
It's all so beautiful, right? 	0
Does anyone have the video of [NAME] drawing the charge I didn't get to see it.	9
Why is this here?	7
The mosquito is my favorite plane, quite curious on how it can be set up.	7
How's the pp looking?	7
So cute! This lady thinks you're hot!	0
Thats not what i said but okay schlomo	10
YOU STOLE MY GODDAMN COMMENT! <3	3
Why is he wearing his little sisters jeans? Bc she stole his juice. That's why	6
So now it’s a habit to live in a country without a running government I guess!	4
Okay thats cool I was asking because I didn’t know y’all better stop downvoting me	3
It's a disturbing read. Have a good time 😂	4
I'll admit. I wanted to be upset because I don't identify as a feminist, but also that dress is super cute omg you are very talented	0
Not sure who to side with now	6
Wow, I wouldn’t doubt that at all. What a crazy situation! Poor woman!! 	13
That's hilarious.	1
I can see why! I would totally be offended too!	3
My hero!	0
Oh nice I have that one	0
Oh god. The pages are still Packers though, right?!	7
You're welcome!	15
"But still, crying ""castrate all pedophiles"" because they could be potential rapists is like crying ""kill all men, they are all potential rapists."" "	25
Sex dolls/robots are gonna replace them any away. Funny that. 10 years ago nobody would have thought that sex workers would be replaced by robots.	1
No, I'm saying they are equally critical.	10
>an absolute cuck Only a cuck would use that unironically so yeah probably	4
Good advice right here and good things to think about.	4
Oh man. I had to do it last year. Hopefully my leaders think more highly of me this year.	20
I had this one! he was a precious little angel and I loved him.	18
There is no such thing as 'incel worldview'. Youve been indoctrinated by other subs, most likely [NAME]. Admit that you're wrong and move on.	22
Gave ya an upvote but sadly, by reading this thread its not going to help	25
[NAME] has weird ideas about everything.	3
I mean I still attend regular school, this is just a Saturday school. I'm just frustrated that I have to waste Saturday on this	2
Thats the second quickest way I know of to burn through $1,000...The first being: R/WallStreetBets 🤣	4
I reccomend the lego movie!	4
Dude wtf that was definitely off Brooklyn	2
I want [NAME] to bite me	8
Fry a egg with that bad boy. And you got yourself a nice breakfast.	3
Isnt this a sociopathic tendency? A total disregard to your danger	7
I really hate this family. Nothing but snake-oil salesmen who's negative influence will reverberate for a new generation of young women who deserve better role models.	2
Ever seen a lion limber up before it takes down a gazelle?	7
I did marry [NAME]	4
We all got our thing hun. Embrace it.	22
Oh no! He’s right!	0
Great, good to hear he was positive, so to speak, about it.	0
I did not even realize he was injured...	25
just looked at her instagram and in a video from 3 days ago she does look pretty skinny. skinnier than me and I'm bmi 18.9.	0
I love your writing style!	18
Search results are indeed based on personal search history. The first result I get searching Canadian Soldiers is [NAME], haha	1
That's absurd, people commit crimes blacked out on drugs/alcohol all the time. Also, they could just claim they don't remember it either way. 	2
I'm still insisting he is not her dad...	10
Same, hopefully it’s there in 15 years so people have the opportunity to look at it and pick a different brand.	20
Yeah whether or not an animal is cute is pretty subjective, I was just in a bad mood when I wrote the post honestly.	0
How about ditching palm oil, too?	7
Watch your language, thanks bud	15
I cringed so much just reading that tweet, I didn't even make it to the comments. That's my fucking President. :(	2
yes. to the above number i provided :) hope it’s helpful!	20
Anyone else not like optics logo this year. The 2 greens look awful	11
WILL YOU TWO SHUT UP? PEOPLE ARE TRYING TO SLEEP	2
Oh thanks! The bot didn't link it so I didn't know	15
I Play on ps4 so thats a Little uncomfortable but thanks	15
I really like this play on words.	17
Sometimes i think i am cringe, but then i see these people and feel a little better	20
Nobody actually likes tiktok adverts	10
They should wear the Burger King too	4
could you link the course?	7
Ah, see that makes ALOT more sense to me, and how I believed prayer works. Thanks for that	15
Why the social anxiety? You are going on an adventure with friends and are excited not anxious	7
Don't you fucken do it	2
I've found multiple people who fulfill a specific need of mine, and I love them all!	18
You’re absolutely correct	4
It’s selfish to not want to march with people who believe you’re termites and [NAME] killers?	6
"Yes, absolutely. ""But woe to the one who betrays me. It would have been better for that man, if he had never been born."""	4
Absolutely this is the kind of absolute hypocrisy that made me leave the church!	3
Oof, somebody doesn’t like anyone to make jokes or enjoy anything. It least we’re not complete pricks, douche.	3
Oh my gooooooooood	26
Somebody reverse this please I would be so happy.	17
No. It’s not. This is disgusting behavior and anyone who supports it is a fool.	11
Ah the good old Russian Right Hook.	0
Such an ignorant comment, his reasoning is public information and is right	4
i think people who get up in a dizzy over an add that shames bullying and sexual harassment are probably special snowflakes.	3
Definitely not Mom’s favorite.	10
What song is playing? It's so familiar but I can't place my finger on it	7
Welcome back you two lol	1
Sweet. I can get by on beer. Cant sit through a comedy show without an adult beverage of some kind.	4
That kid has the face of a douchebag	9
A pencil skirt is tight around the hips with a slit in the back, not swishy. Does that make sense?	3
It’s not really a surprise that sick people consume more healthcare resources than people who aren’t sick, is it?	7
Holy fuck this thread is not worth it	3
"I read that as ""tarantula Mounting"" and was pleasantly surprised"	26
Geez. The guy had a bad day over a year ago. Let it go.	3
Not all atheists do this, but some do and it's a genuinely strange phenomenon.	0
They should have burned that shit to the ground and used the insurance money to buy another used one.	5
Yeah I think I'll just push her away, thank you.	15
I'd love to see a repo/recovery subreddit.	18
This is so amazing 😍	0
Not sure who they went to, but free in my state (Ohio).	6
The white thing high up in the yellow square is my uncle [NAME] glass eye. Wonder how it got there.	26
As someone who could totally eat three donuts in a row if I let myself, the amount of sugar this woman consumed still struck terror into my heart	3
Yeah buh idk. I’d have to be really horny too and I’m really shy and anxious around him.	13
i want the little polly pocket heart purse so bad but i ain't paying hot topic $40 for it	3
I wish the theme was still larger than life but their outfit prompt was fetish/bdsm wear and that they all posed next to giant sex toys	8
I didn't know [NAME] was a [NAME] Lord.	22
If anyone is interested, I did a play by play of my thoughts here!	7
Come back here and fight me m8	2
Oh I went balls to the wall and got SUPER SPECIFIC!!!	13
If you're smearing shit between your cheeks merely from standing might I suggest you take a wider stance when popping and maybe get some more fibre in your diet	5
they should just stop broadcasting road games	2
What a disgusting pair of human beings, if you can even call them that	11
Additionally, over the years I developed ED and PE... and it sucks. Just thought I would put that out there.	22
ye but that is fucking [NAME]... there is a diffrence between [NAME] and [NAME]. [NAME] is good but he is no [NAME] ;)	0
I don't see any shoes on his feet after he lands. Kid is fucking dead.	16
*[when your pet is still barking at you]* I'm done trying to convince you.	3
Honestly thought they were the same thing, thanks for the correction and the expansion of my terrible vocabulary.	15
I like [NAME]	18
effective java! It's a classic.	0
That is a valid question, I hope it can change, but admittedly that hope is pretty small.	20
Nice little train journey. Come on everyone, shower up before the tour	0
[NAME] black?	7
You're not kidding about the savage energy part. Just look at this man.	3
Apparently not successfully.	9
what’s your favorite music video?	7
Good luck!	20
What a garbage post	11
That's a succinct explanation thanks!	15
Ugh, this is so beautiful. The richness in those colors. It makes me wanna cry. 	0
Here's my [NAME]. and [NAME] in front of our tree :)	17
I appreciate that there's correct number of YES in there. It's so rare.	0
[NAME] also slept with his dads mistress, [NAME] is weird	11
That's true, you'd imagine it'd have come up beforehand. 	4
This is not helpful to OP who is going through some unbelievable trauma.	10
Same. You run a progressive or I will not vote	10
I think it's safe to say I've peaked. 16/25 on the second half wouldn't all that surprising but I probably whiffed on [NAME]	26
Careful, he's a hero	5
That was the chillest Sharks GDT against an Eastern Conference team in a while.	22
Oh, sorry bud. Didnt mean to be rude	25
ooh thems would be nice	0
At first I thought this was talking about physical piracy (like stealing cargo ships) but now I understand.	22
After awhile I didn’t see anything, just emptiness. Is this article online somewhere? Would very much like to give it a read.	7
Good luck! Hockey season still has a few months to go. Might wanna invest in a punching bag. Two birds with one stone	15
"Makeup existed in 2009 too. Whoever made this is stupid. I hate the whole ""milinials dumb"" shit."	2
I really can't imagine someone saying that if the gender was reversed.	26
[NAME] gets punched in the head and gets a penalty.	9
QP is either extremely depressing or absolutely amazing. There is no inbetween.	10
Nope...this master criminal knewe!	10
That was great, especially as your first video.	0
[NAME] has been a lot better since he stopped doing Xanax with [NAME]	0
Yes, definitely classy. <rolls eyes>	4
"Seriously. ""Haha british people pronounce something funny"" ""Yeah well your children are murdered in violent attacks and your healthcare system puts millions in crippling debt"" "	1
thanks, religious conservatism, for making lack of education chic.	15
I always suggest Laser Quest downtown, it's a blast!	4
No idea man. Go check that one “study” done thirty years ago where you got that 40% from.	6
What tickles me is how much you seem to dislike [NAME], despite being exactly like him lol	1
Well shit, then it's just like [NAME] wouldn't let me complete a maths degree just because I'm ideologically opposed to this 'algebra' thing!	4
I hope for his sake his name isn't on it. It would be much simpler legally if it isn't.	20
I think they're doing it so they can ignore the fact that [NAME] served [NAME] to champions at the White House lol	1
Thank you for your service in the military and your attempted service in the patrol. [NAME] bless you.	15
I can't believe you would call me that and act like nothing happened. Honestly, what's wrong with you	3
wow octane is pure garbage lmao	1
Thank you, next	15
I’d love a new Governor to do it. [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] are all talented orators.	0
Yeah, I don’t trust them either. 	10
Totally and sorry for that	24
Nah, just gotta aim better.	0
You don't go to college to learn. You go to college to have sex with college girls.	2
Suck Fat Women.	3
It’s my birthday too! I’ve always love it!	18
not sure you understand what this sub is for	6
Yes, I did, not once...here is my full story: Story of my dead bedroom	4
[NAME] is a good basketball player	0
At least they didn’t destroy the shoes	23
As a non-immunocompromised person I like their stance.	0
Oh, I don’t know, maybe... Vaccinate?	6
I'd love for someone to pay a little attention to me	18
If loving the Falcons along side my Vikings is wrong, *than I don’t want to be right.*	10
All I'm saying is there is no way I would let one solo drop my whole team with a quad 0% chance	10
31/M/I don’t know, I’m blind.	10
That's amazing, wow! People can be so good.	0
That was awesome!	0
Wow, the menacing head shake...(shivers) 	26
You’re an awful troll...	11
I just hope [NAME] isn't pulling the wagon. Would hate for her to throw up.	20
I enjoy cycling too much lol	1
Yes I prefer smaller boobs	4
Did you even read the article? It's 1 anecdote and she wants to return because she misses her family.	7
Y'all taking this way too seriously...the point is they're both fierce.	2
Thanks, never heard that one.	15
Mine too!! Always thought it was dyed from wearing mascara, but I haven't worn any in a while	6
Props to this guy, that was an amazing comment. 	0
Any broncos fans out there that care to weigh in on this? Interested to hear your thoughts	7
This team + 2 lottery picks and another offseason for our young players will definitely be a playoff team next year.	20
If it's used as an excuse to fuck the onchain throughput, it is.	2
Hell's Kitchen. I bet that man could make [NAME] cry.	1
Where did you get that? Highest I’ve found is Donagal at 23%.	7
Ya shitty. But people cheat. I dont know what to tell you 🙃 the world sucks. Just live your life	3
Because a thought can qualify as racist without intention of effect in the same way that a thought can be transphobic without intention or effect.	22
From one eating disorder to another. That's not recovery that's just sad.	25
Lucky bastard the cool change came 5 minutes into the wedding	17
I love how he misses that last punch when he goes down lol. Like, thats when the liver shot really sunk in	18
Guys have been asking this throughout history. Trying to get laid without commitment is not okay. Marriage is important and so is the paperwork.	4
Yes! And the one who embarrasses you by dancing and singing in the car while she's driving you and your friends home.	12
It was a good sub before the porn took over	0
Ya know... a helmet never hurt anyone	4
I'm curious where this girl ended up today. She'd be around 33	7
Oooooffff. That's real awkward, but I mean that somehow still ended better than I expected so.. Kudos ig??	12
Thank you. Give her and your other doggie extra kisses for me. ❤️	15
I still miss the north hills bottom dollar :(	25
I care too much about what others think. Constantly trying to cater to their feelings or worrying about their opinions.	5
I mean if my wife looks like that when I get married then I’ll be quite happy.	17
I had a friend who got cussed out hardcore because his last name was [NAME] “koons”...and that was his exact response lol	1
I really wish my husband could get his sleeping disorder under control.	8
I stopped worrying about showing vulnerability years ago but there's still nobody there.	25
Holy crap! A stunning play by mentally ill newcomer u/justforyouthlogic	0
Omg [NAME] he’s there because you don’t listen. You ass!	2
Sorry, should have searched for the artist's name. Karma Decay is a lot less reliable than I thought it was.	24
Doesn't suck nearly as bad as Metropolitan Grill. I'm surprised that place is still open.	26
Yes! Love me rotties!	18
Skin starvation is a real thing. People can actually go crazy without social physical contact. Take care of yourself OP. *hugs*	5
I dont even try to land it, half the time if I am flying low a building or the ground will suck me up and destroy the plane	10
Thanks! I’ll take that into account in the future!	15
What the fuck is this doing in a cryptocurrency sub	2
This video was close to being the most famous video in history	0
literally everyone until there is not a single potential enemy left on this earth that's how fascism works, buddy.	4
Yens are worthless. That's like, wait £10? For pants? Jfc you have a point.	4
You’re better off going to University	5
Sorry, there was a little bitterness in my voice from how my father treated me. Not directed at OP. I am in the wrong. 	24
I love the jab berto. It’s literally in thin air.	18
This is how I know I'll have a good time!	0
They mean staged. This video is portrayed as a real occurrence. It might be, might not be. Don't really care.	6
I'm all for not getting too crazy because we've had a rough stretch, but [NAME] scoring twice hurt. A lot.	9
Love that car	18
That’s cute wth	0
The finest example of an egotistical, ignorant and racist piece of trash. Humans like this disgust me.	11
Better to spend the weekend in jail than get convicted of something you didn't do.	3
You have just been r/woooshed	1
Take some time to ponder why you fancy yourself intelligent when you revel in pedantry and can't even understand such a simple point.	3
Hence what I said, it is just as illegal yesterday as it is today ... literally nothing changed 	10
It took me 14 years to secure my AA 🐢	22
So it may be occasionally a little more time, I heard their juice is A+ quality at a great price.	0
Trolls are okay in this sub but let's be more serious here	4
As someone who just drunkenly told his boss what everyone else said about him behind his back, I can agree. 	4
Yeah I was super surprised by how good Trench was, probably my top album from last year	26
Fortunately, those defibs only require being able to read to operate, so that means a good 5% of most corporate drones could run one.	20
Oh sorry, I forgot there isn’t any paperwork involved in getting a gun.	24
Turns out you can polish a turd. The trouble is, it's still just shit.	3
Therapists hate this trick!	10
I’d love some actual lore relating to OW as a whole not just slapping names on single characters once every 6 months	18
Thanks. I was leaning towards the 11:05 tourney at MGM since it's deeper stack and slightly longer blind levels.	15
Just don't stop with the damn good cooking though please lol.	1
It's fucking incredible how many people would like you if you would just make eye contact and smile at them. Fucking incredible	0
Why did you get it in the first place?	6
You’re not going to win, so you have nothing to worry about. 	9
Where did they film it?! Is it at real Pine Gap? Love the show, binged first season one eve😍	7
Jokes on you I have one of those fancy electric toothbrush stands!	1
I started out by being sick.. and the realization that no one is going to help me... Not even my family not friends.	22
Can someone explain to me what's stopping [NAME] from pardoning everything [NAME] even gazes at?	7
So does he want to go back to being hunters and gatherers? How can humanity improve with no governments.	6
"Really love the ""Midtown Yards"" greenspace in the Mikyoung Kim design and also the Agence Ter design. "	18
Lol love that [NAME] and [NAME] are both [NAME]. And [NAME] as [NAME] is best choice. Should have brought puddy in though. Hah	1
That didn't go the way I thought it would	9
Not cameo, reference sorry	24
If you've got a problem with [NAME], then you've got a problem with me and I suggest you let that one marinate	5
You would be better off to do some makeup tutorials. Save yourself the headache of dealing with hormones that you don't actually need.	5
First and foremost you have to Love YOURSELF!!	18
No, thankfully. 	15
Don’t worry, he’s more afraid of you than you are of him. Just act tough, it’ll work...maybe...	14
Full schedules have been The end for us before but This time I have hope	20
I hope not, i was just sharing what happened to my bud. GL man, hope you get it figured out	20
He looks pretty fresh in most everything. Yes homo.	0
[NAME] I love you but there is a top 15 game on	18
>[NAME] Why? I'm curious what you're thinking.	7
They usually do hoss, hence the steak and beer hard to be sad with good food. 	25
So happy for you two !! ❤️	18
i definitely remember the times i embarassed myself or regrettable actions i made from years ago	12
Gotcha, thanks. Sounds like it's just my ignorance of the game.	15
no clip as an example to backup your claims?	6
Thank you, you're awesome	15
The suspension bridges are awesome on sunny days	0
Maybe because [NAME] didn't actually made a joke, he just pretended to be stupid	3
All I ask is to not embarrass us on National TV like they did against Philly.	12
I usually just refer to it as concealed carry. Cuts down on some of the tla overload	22
Hope you enjoy it! Try not to leave it too long though, it's been taken down before. 	17
Huh that guy seems cool, they'd probably lop his head off. 	0
Lord, he is extra sensitive. And I thought my ex was bad lol. 	22
Love Mac n Gold	18
"My dyslexia read that as ""McFucking brilliant"" and I was wondering if we could make it a thing."	26
Didn’t see anything about exercise or nutrition in there. Shits important	4
Welcome <3	15
I’m not listening to a fucking plant.	3
I wish i could upvote more than once	8
Oh shut up. Quit being dramatic. Another option is... THEY COULD HAVE A CONVERSATION ABOUT IT.	3
I hope he loses just the end so it looks like a trimmed cigar	20
These are completely unrelated. Please review	10
I see BOTW and now I'm waiting for a group of grown men to watch shitty old movies.	3
Seriously doubt it will be Knights of Ren, but that would certainly be a great way to get people excited and build hype.	0
Funny I’m on my second play through and this happens...	17
Let's be fair to them and say not forever. But at least until I die.	4
I don't see how it can get to -1.20?	7
Maybe I have inaccurate memories re: Carolina and Boston is a better third	6
How dare you disparage a 3D printed JV riding a goddamn raptor	2
I think this is a normal human emotion that a lot of people can relate to.	4
Thank you for the vote of confidence, but this experience has really effected me	15
I'm not counting on them getting elected. I'm counting on them putting enough pressure on the Conservatives to actually become at least a little conservative.	20
This sub is very very bad at irony	10
Yes, I remember when I said that. Thanks for the reminder! 	15
I cried reading your last posts. I’m so sorry about what happened. I hope you are able to make a change in their system.	20
The numbers are literally in front of you and not interested and zero categories have different votes. I’m genuinely starting to question what’s real anymore	6
As I understand if our Libel laws had been as shitty as the ones in the UK he could.	3
It's nice to see someone regognize my username :)	13
Thank you for doing your service. The world is now a better place because of you	15
I'm sorry to hear that things went down like that. Good luck with everything.	15
"This used to be the biggest circle jerk for dayz ""guys its alpha!"" Oh' how the mighty have fallen."	13
Nice ;)	0
The Netflix version is being produced by the marketing team for the festival. It’s gonna be great to see the different slants	0
Better than selling our souls for a fucking trophy	2
Glad to hear it has kept going strong. And employed your dad for that long.	5
Amazing. Roasted sweet potatoes as well are dynamite	0
They ate not hot, they are just annoyingly humid.	3
I think Limmy's Show is really hit and miss. Some sketches are funny, others are just poor.	1
Grado SR80e is what I have, $100 and the best headphones I’ve ever put on 	13
At some point in the season the whole bench is about to do it lol	1
You can’t	10
I swear no ranked team can go without losing to an unranked team for very long.... that’s why I love college basketball	18
She looks like a [NAME].	0
im glad that's not what the game is about then	17
Um, I was agreeing the context was indeed *very* different. Not sure what you're getting at. 	4
Nope. Just running from people wielding axes like a normal person. Instead of acting like a tough guy on the internet like you.	10
For cart pushers, I can’t recommend getting good winter/rain gear highly enough. Good socks and waterproof/resistent shoes will make a world of difference.	4
“The weird thing is she’s got a tattoo of our company on her back...” lmfao	10
honestly, individually he's been awful so far.	10
For those behind stupid WaPo	3
That's...kinda...why...i...used...the....phrase.	4
It's like 20,000 words about a teenager. Fucking insanity.	2
Replacing pillows often is also important. Buy more less expensive pillows. I love pillows from Ikea.	18
No. Arizona would be more useless than Italy. Let them win their own battles first before they help us fight ours.	10
Fair enough. You know him better than any of us do.	4
She haven't tried contacting me in 2 years, i guess she lied. Congrats to me, I won the 'miss you more' game. ):	25
[NAME] is scary	14
Don’t ever apologize for calling it that. The Beach is a [NAME] movie, not a Toronto neighbourhood. 	10
This made me chuckle. I hope it is raptors v warriors in the finals. That’s gonna be a fun series to watch.	20
Yeah, clear off. And tell your mates you had a horrible time too. 	3
every time you see the snake edge and still get hit even though you *swear* you were holding downback	12
In the right photo, he looks like my friend's husband.	22
Oh so now we’re not letting plays finish before calling offside cool..	4
That was an old-fashioned Good old hockey brawl! What a fight! [NAME] definitely got the best of him though!	0
Dont worry about the other people. Driving is filled with way too many other anxieties to have worries about dropping a deuce in a truckstop bathroom.	5
Sex is not a right! Porn is not a right! Viewing naked female bodies is not a god damn civil liberty!	10
It is a long panel but very insightful - skip the intro pleasantries if you want, but you will have seen enough by the 30 minute mark 	4
Why does every comment here have at least one reply that is like an essay long	7
Fuck it; just marry everyone	2
I’ve been on team [NAME] since he won the axe toss competition after the draft, lol	1
READ A BOOK YOU FUCKING CROOK.	2
I’m tired from working hard and I want someone to snuggle me to sleep	19
When has the Alt-Right ever been working class? Its always the richest white guys who are horribly socially inept.	14
Purdue's worst loss is Notre Dame (93 Kenpom) New Mexico is 187 in Kenpom. Good try tho	0
That unconvincing bottom right though hahaha	1
Let people enjoy things	17
It kind of blew my mind to see that after reading some of the most generic advices in that post. Who the f* upvote these posts?	2
How dare you hate [NAME]	2
The “targets” so far has been guilty.	24
I find the joke chill and reasoned	1
He actually looks pretty crackin'	0
You got down voted.. but you're absolutely right. I am now looking into one. Sweet.	0
Then it was effectively them pissing on your territory. Same with the bed. They don’t get to pass the threshold again!	3
Wtf did I just read? That was painful	25
i love all harper news because i love the shit storm that ensues on here.	17
Fuck that, he can go to Cleveland with [NAME] on that bullshit.	3
This is brilliant.	0
ohh. thank you for explaining!	15
I hope that the talk goes ok. Though with these justno's it may not. I'm glad that you are prepared if it goes south.	17
Let's all go to Dragon Laaaaaand!	13
Was stabbed by a pencil when I was younger, can confirm gave me all the knowledge of the universe.	4
Not everyone is as Europhilic as you, and that’s okay.	4
I actually watched this entire debate just now. Holy shit. [NAME] is a legend. [NAME] would be proud.	0
Yeah but people are dumb and mesh everything together because thinking about specific situations is clearly too hard	25
That makes sense. Thanks.!	15
Because the first part of the day was pretty lame, amirite?	7
FFS. I find very few things more upsetting than reading their vile, twisted thought processes. 	9
Well you got me. Interested in seeing what other E rides people got	4
As funny as a sinking school bus.	1
Exactly, i've never heard of dutch lessons on school anywhere in the world !?	4
ain't that just a beatiful thought	0
[NAME] you are a freak.	1
It’s shame that despite the years of dedication, persistence, and hard work. His efforts are reduced because of his height.	12
80 minutes too late	3
I'm more annoyed at the Labour MPs that didn't vote for it - I expect more from them	3
weird how they feel the need to announce themselves	11
Nah. It's their job. Just tip well	10
I'm sorry *what*	25
Funny that you name her when shes one of the only judges that uses her brain and ethics to make decisions.	1
That fellow sure is one hell of a sweet talker!	0
No, she tried and failed lmao	1
Have a good one!	15
BP can bulwark counter A good number of deflects and even drop attacks We have more than that to worry about	14
TIL [RELIGION] are the second biggest religious group in Arizona...I'm starting to see why it's been red for so long.	7
That’s a sweet hoodie	0
>It happens plenty. Good to know. I would have expected to see it on the wiki, especially if many atheists *do* believe in objective morality.	0
"I love his reaction. ""That was amazing"""	0
I would eat the everloving bejeesus out of that pickle.	18
Yet... here you are, a nodoby whining about others accomplishments on the internet. 13 year old you was probably smarter than you are now.	0
Keep your head straight, stay on your path, and stick to your guns. 	5
It's definitely not that simple mate! It would be nice if it were. Where's the part about inflating your way out of trouble for example?	7
I'm glad the republican won cause I want the best high I have had 5 back surgeries and need another.	17
Well that’s horrific	14
I’m glad I’m not the only one who thought that.	17
I peed off my deck at -30 yesterday, very disappointed when it didn’t freeze before impact.	9
That’s sick!	3
Its amazing how fast evolution can take place.	0
No worries! Sometimes wires get crossed, I missed the mark as well.	5
I find it funny the same people obsessed with “owning the libs” call others “intellectually bankrupt”	1
I don't know who [NAME] is but you're killin it in that sweater!	6
That's ma'am!	13
Sounds like you might need some time out in the re-education camp. You are getting frighteningly close to realizing that our system is designed to keep you imprisoned.	4
I sould have assissted in the stabbing, even ceasar would have been surprised by the amount of stab wounds on that little shit	26
Tyl has got to be the most cringey, condescending thing I've seen on Reddit in a while.	3
Thanks for that, I just turned 35 and considering nursing and starting over too	15
Absolutely you are doing the right thing. She will not take this decision lightly. So be prepared for the fallout now.	4
Can't blame him. As an [NAME], everything I know about American Football came from Eyeshield 21.	4
Fun game. Good expansion too	0
You're welcome	15
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA Oh my god.	1
You’ve really added to the conversation, thank you. Stop reposting news articles for karma it makes you look fucking pathetic.	15
Ha ha ha. That was a good one	17
> like beer, is a waste of time Sir you forget yourself!	9
me. i’m the problem. i don’t think anyone can help me anymore.	9
Don't post this on Yelp. She'll hate you for life!	10
Cant wait to start working my placement around that area!	13
Nobody traveled from Ahch-To to Cantonica or vice versa iirc, so this doesn't make a lot of sense...?	6
Nice try my guy.	0
Yeah take a read	4
This is gold!!!!! Im impressed. Very accurate.	0
Thank goodness I’m safe. Don’t sound so disappointed.	23
hmm... we don't need [NAME] now, we need ball retention	10
Get out of my head.	2
Good to know! We didn't get any when we went Friday evening, but we can try again.	23
I'm glad I'm not the only one that allocates points for road kills.	17
I don’t like [NAME] very much either, but she’s not a mess here. 	10
I like to think they put that joke in because of the meme	1
Guys, even worse: He *paid* someone to set it up. Wow. 	2
thanks i won't click	15
It’s not so much the heat, it’s the humidity that’ll kill you.	3
This might be the worst FO in Orlando magic history	11
What the fuck is The Baffler? I can't even go there at work.	2
Still a statistical minority by a great deal.	4
So do I. But you can't just blame it all on the dude.	10
Same here. I appreciate the truckers in this sub and how they emphasize safety.	0
Correct, there is no such law that obligates a woman to make her body available to gestate a fetus for someone else's convenience or amusement.	4
Cognitive dissonance. I don't support diagnosis via internet but she needs medical help NOT a medical license.	10
The entire generations thing needs to die. What are they useful for? Feeding the ego of some dumbass on the internet?	6
I feel like [NAME] isn't a legend.	10
I’m glad you do feel genuine, unconditional love for your own child :,)	17
That's awful. also i think I just realized why I have so much trouble finishing the last bite of food. I get all anxious about it.	22
Yeah, I see you’re point. Thank you	15
So... no nerd here to say the stomach doesn't really do that? Is this Reddit or what?	3
I see. Do you think my best bet is to buckle down and earn some OTR experience?	6
I think they honestly don't realize they're self-contradictory. It's not your ordinary, everyday doublethink...	22
Why is everyone smoking out of straws and shit?!	3
Thank you very much that was quite swell of u sire	15
I was rather curious to see the True North Church receiving $1m from the lotteries commission.	7
You sound jealous as fuck. Work hard and you too can drive a nice car.	20
No faith! Shame!	12
[NAME]: B [NAME]: B The real reason to vote these 2 to these tiers is because having [NAME] be the only A tier performer is a goodmeme.	0
Thanks, that's an important point I should have mentioned. 	15
You're a brave man for trying claw, I tried it for a week and eventually got pissed and bought an elite controller. Paddles for days!	0
The light socket doesn’t provide any light, so it’s useless.	10
Yeah I guess, still going to try to keep a log of my feelings as a way of venting them and getting them out of my head.	4
Thank you, I will def look that up. 	15
We sincerely hope not.	20
Finally some appreciation	15
Mf perioded on my new sofa	3
It says I love to make myself laugh	1
Finding that common attraction or chemistry is extremely hard for me. I can totally relate to this.	4
Weird that a movie star is dating a hot young model?... like what’s weird about that	6
Guy or girl?	7
lol since when do you have to go to a orientation?	7
Thanks. I'm contacting them now.	15
Oh you'd like that, wouldn't you?	6
I now understand why everybody gets pissed off at these weak ass pump fake fouls.	2
i truly believe compulsive, chronic cheaters are sociopaths. no empathy, compassion, and they're impulsive and manipulative	10
This is too cute :)	0
So happy for you both!	17
I like the high ground suggestion. Thanks	15
yes, very sexist	0
> extreme poverty is re emerging in the west. lol	1
Every time I see telomeres yknow who I think of?	6
This was driving me NUTS!	13
But i like being the trickiest of traps 😣	18
Its the same AS to go to a bank and to say My kid loves money give him all of it	18
This is the worst advice I've ever read. You should be ashamed for posting it.	11
Oceania is my favorite Smashing Pumpkins album	0
She knew the magic words. Luckily it doesn't seem like anyone else was harmed.	23
I love how all these suspects greet [NAME] like an old friend.	17
So true, their track record isn't great. Feels like you can only play her in limited ways or die though.	4
Right? I'd launch myself at him. Beautiful looking guy. <3	0
That creepy realization that everything [NAME] says is projection...	22
No seriously, why do you have the Daily Mail app on your phone?	7
This whole thing is ridiculous, I love reddit sometimes. ... and I'm sure reddit really loves this ridiculousness too!	4
Wish me luck fellas need Houston +8.5 to win $1700ish currently 113-114 Come on gambling gods	20
This chick is a lunatic now	3
He forgot the most important law : Everyone can be stupid, and everyone will be at some point. Although he does illustrate it very well with his article.	22
You goatta be kidding me!	1
Look, I knew the end of that last sentence in my mind. It's not my fault you can't keep up.	10
Holy shit!!	26
Came here to say that. I'm genuinely astounded that it's as much as 12%.	4
I love how she has no idea what to do. Like stop drop and roll 🤦‍♂️	18
I can’t wait for socialist Norway to collapse.	13
Woah Dude!!! I would be freaking out	26
My father has been dead for two years and it's still been difficult to not talk about him as if he's still alive.	16
You are absolutely stunning and you’re a triple threat. Black is beautiful! And you’re intelligent and very pretty.	0
Yeah I guess in perspective it really isn't a big number at all.	4
PARENTS: VACCINATE YOUR FUCKING KIDS OR THE NEXT NAP THEY TAKE WILL BE IN A COFFIN OMFG	2
We’re honestly not doing that bad besides [NAME]. Clear pen, unlucky. Let’s hope for the best in the second half	20
OMG thank you. Just thank you all	15
I am so glad that your grandfather learned better and was able to share his story of growth. That takes humility in learning a better way.	0
No. There's a fair amount of nudity, violence and foul language. 	10
Sneaky ass ESPN changing their app so I almost accidentally purchase ESPN+ for the low price of 4.99 a month.	22
Just shut up dude	2
Just because you lack critical thinking and reading skills doesnt mean i am a moron, it means you need to learn how to think for yourself.	2
There shouldn't be a rule against it. That just makes the target even softer.	10
[NAME] damn it, dude. Are you trying to ensure every gun owner in PA votes red? Because that's how you do that. 	7
do your own homework	5
I mastered the smelling weed in public. Just ignore them.	3
That arena announcer is irritating.	3
Lmao the revolution is here haha	1
Even though it was fake, the Olive Garden commercial was pretty good.	0
People will go mental hoarding food, so you should be hoarding food, not like those idiots that panic. I'm confused.	6
You guys are a problem.	3
lmao so many dumb fouls from lsu	3
Do i just need to watch just 'some' or all of them, oh and what about his books? I gotta buy them too right?	6
That goddamn wink slayed me. Swoon so hard...	2
That face in 0:18. That's the face of happiness	17
That's amazing...I have to admit, Google making me do this while on VPN has moved me to Bing. 	0
I also love that her correction was wrong. But all the bustling millinery on The Island can do that to a person.	18
Sweet thank you!	15
Being adorable mostly	18
what's a friend	7
That's how Catholicism works.	4
Sadly, that’s not the interpretation that many elders in your church have made. See: the Australian Royal Commission into Institutional Abuse. :(	9
I liked TB 18, too bad it tanked. 	9
I love this	18
I hope you bundle up too, Mr. President. 	20
Good grief... cushion those talons with some toilet paper or Kleenex next time. It’ll give you better traction, too. 	20
What a joke	1
Well done, OP. Thanks.	15
Crazy stuff! Gets 80% to shatter before taking any damage. That positioning is on point!	4
>Some ~~drugs~~ people are just... Scary... Some drugs tend to bring out what's bubbling under the surface, so in that way, yeah. 	14
Looks like wood. Could be wrong.	22
Here for [NAME], love this.	18
Love their channel, with tracks like these I'm expecting them to become a full band	18
Condiments suck. Mostly because I love them so much. Why cant they just be free calories?!?!	18
I love how people ITT are deploying x/2+7 like it's from [NAME], LOL.	1
Sounds like you may be demisexual? I know I am. Just wouldn't be able to be casually intimate with someone personally	7
This just made me feel so much better about myself :)	21
Damn it, why can’t I give this multiple upvotes?! Sending love for this from the US.	18
Why is she the absolute worst	11
Uh no. He hates [NAME]. Not in A kayfabe way. He doesn't like [NAME] at all.	10
And pizza. Don't forget pizza. The roof of my mouth feels like a battlefield after I have eaten a hot pizza.	17
*me trying to get it* OH!!!!!!!!!!	3
Omg its hannibal cooper	26
He could run for President of the US and WIN!	4
*aggressively tells friend I love them*	2
Dude you need some help...	5
sweet home alabama	0
It's like...I knew where this was going and I still laughed.	1
This was the one post that truly frightened me about the insane left. They are a cult, and not on our side.	14
Seek help.	5
This is the only thing I care about from this entire season so far.	5
I'm feeling hope for the first time in a long time.	20
They do a great job until one pops free and smacks you in your junk.	0
That's the kind of person who'd fuck up making you a plain hamburger. That sack o' shit needs to be sent through a wood chipper.	3
What a neat gesture!🤗	0
Man, this analogy is frighteningly spot on. Makes me sad for the province.	25
Oh, the horror! We must defend the honor of Lord [NAME] against the scum of r/NFL!!	14
“It’s different because I deserve it.” These same assholes in rural areas.	2
Hell yeah. I'm really just thinking about the irony and double standard of the Left. It's amazing that these people are that cognitive dissonant.	13
plus what if something went missing? even if they didn't steal anything it would be an awkward moment.	7
Yeah no, I don't support people being questioned by police for any opinion actually, a sentiment I expect many people on here share.	3
This is the single most wholesome thing I've seen on reddit. Proud.	21
My one regret is not making an account sooner. I lurked for a long time because I felt like I didn't have anything worth saying.	24
Nah, you're nice peoples who eats pickles.	0
Cali is getting rain this weekend so going to miss that	9
so she's no one..?	7
Nope. But if this also occurs in Dallas, that’s quite disheartening. :(	9
I'm pretty sure [NAME] is the single most reported character in the game.	4
Yeah, I’d definitely wanna be baked for that	4
Another picture of [NAME] please thanks	15
"Lmao ""guys I was *coerced* into sending her a picture of my junk"". That just sounds dumb as hell "	11
We have youth and depth on our side. I feel good about what we have. If the Cubs have 2 injuries to their rotation they are toast.	0
I've tried this and I chipped my tooth on the tiny fork cause I'm used to plastic lol!!! I'm a mess	1
Reading this made me clutch my nipples in pain	25
[NAME] did a photo shoot with the first presidency. Hilarious	1
That's not the plan. If it were, the backstop wouldn't be controversial. The plan is divergence.	10
Yeah i didn’t say i had the answers. I’m just hoping for the best	20
yes, also most donut shops like those are cambodian just fyi.	4
No that was my cyst that got removed today lol	1
I’d love the current battle system blended with the old system of sneak/blending and a modern day story that Ubisoft actually care about.	4
Congrats dude! I hope my shitstuation turns around as greatly as yours did.	15
I'm so glad you weren't physically hurt	17
Obviously. If we were able to make such logical risk/reward assessments it wouldn't be a problem.	4
Incels dont get laid regardless of age limits. Sorry dude	24
"[NAME]: ""WTF, it's just a prank bro!"""	2
How are you 100% positive that you're pregnant if you haven't taken a test yet?	7
Weed has never killed anyone. Until now.	4
Ya did good, kid. 	4
Oh I haven’t even found those! That’s hilarious though.	1
Haha sorry, I make hip hop music 😂	1
hm so overall was this video a + or a -? I'm trying to figure out whether or not to publish it lol	7
Thanks. Sounds like a bummer about 3, but maybe I should go back to 1 and check that out again.	15
Wait, australia is like this? I remember carrying a 4 inch sheathed knife as a kid. Nobody batted an eyelid.	7
Go for it. I could use the excitement.	13
You can humanize and normalize everything.	4
Enjoying oneself automatically makes an action harmless?	7
dude stop your gonna make me cry. This is horrible please don't do this STOP right now. Dont it's just not worth it	14
I think it's the pass rush and that nobody can stay healthy and, but it could be [NAME]. He's not the greatest	10
Seems like it was supposed to be funny.	1
Are you feeling any better? :)	6
We've had so many stories about [NAME], that we do NOT need any about Florida lady. LOL	22
I can't stand when a team member has no shoes, the sound drowns out other sounds for me and its just incredibly annoying to listen to all game	3
I upvoted this comment because I'm a dumbass snarkball who doesn't know how anything works.	4
Thank you! That's the explanation I was looking for.	15
My wife with BPD hasn't even kissed me in over a year. Get used to it if you're sticking around.	25
No. Going to a competitive high school was harder and more stressful than all my adult endeavors combined.	25
I’m sorry should I have brought my make-up wipes and washed my face during my MRI? Or my ultrasound? Find some peace, man. 	24
I remember writing on them was horrible. Slight delay which threw me off combined with the letters ending up looking like crap. Whiteboard was so much easier.	14
good point I’ll keep that in mind	0
Anyone here know what kind of rifle he's carrying? Looks like an Israeli Galil but I'm not sure.	6
Also the world is round.	4
I'm a university student and even though I have a job, I'm going to find out about this at school. Thanks for the tip!!	15
Loved dropping in from the crack in the ceiling and going out in a blaze of glory.	18
I fucking hate [NAME]	2
The first comment wasn't but when you not wanted you should just fuck off	2
Good, don't want speeders in my neighborhood and keeps taxes lower.	4
I've edited my comment. Still a shitty game.	3
im driving and i cant stop screaming i need to talk to someone in sorry	24
I think this is the first time I’ve ever seen this joke.	26
What a pretty young lady	0
Watching it deteriorate into a horrific dystopia. Healthcare costs. Dental. Low wages.	14
Lol, how much XP you get for that?	1
THIS. Thank you for this.	15
[NAME] I wish we had a free pass to say that 😹 Would make my days so much easier	8
I believe that people with the disease give it a chance to mutate when around people who are vaccinated	22
Thank you XD	15
">I keep wondering when I'll ""slow down"". Hopefully never? Knowledge is worth pursuing for its own sake. Never stop being curious. "	7
Thank you. This sub is the one place I feel understood	15
Don't worry, he's getting Karma.	5
She said on the VR Aftershow that she had hooked up with girls and had a relationship with a girl before.	4
Either they don’t understand the meta context of it, or aren’t fans of such a meta ending.	6
[NAME] I didn't know this reddit, the comments are wonderful.	0
Ahhhh That's rich.	13
The worst part is that if you had done the exchange, you probably still would have gotten in trouble. Gotta love retail.	4
Gl hf team we can do this! :[NAME]: Whole team leaves	20
It’s been a pleasure, as I’m sure it always is with you.	4
Yeah I had android and was having difficulties but I was able to get it easily when using my gf's mac. Thanks!	15
Hah, serves him right.	4
praise be to the dark mother!	0
Only when they have dirt underneath them, now that’s disgusting.	11
No man. Door wins!	10
And those poor kids are still paying for it. And we have actual grown adults that are bullying them even today.	25
I don't remember if I've entered	6
"Not only that, the ""improved controls"" aren't a thing at all. I'm not re-buying Blood Money for nicer graphics. "	10
[NAME] type awkwardness that some thots go nuts for.	12
The one fucking thing my home town has contributed besides alcoholics and [NAME] and its a fucking backwards feminist horseshit theory.	3
One million points for Slytherin!	17
I CAN DOWNLOAD ADS BUT NOT THE THING ITSELF FFS	2
"""We lost good people on both sides"""	25
You must be fun at parties	1
Huh.. Well that ruins it :/ At least the cats fine	9
Someone please make a gif of [NAME] smile after that 3	8
Where do you plan to go?	7
[NAME] has really given his all in the second half. He must be exhausted	5
You are totally right!!! Complete waste of time	3
unrelated, but i love your flair	18
You clearly don't understand alimony.	10
WHAT THAT EXISTS AS AN LP???? I want it so badly ;___;	7
I have so many questions...	6
He literally laid in pain on the ground after the fight longer than the loser did	25
Excited for season 3 too. Winter is getting too cold	13
Is your brother incel? Is your dad upset you came out ugly?	7
Mob mentality makes it worse. Four man SWF groups are generally, by far, the most toxic people in the game. 	10
Knowing the only evidence they had was your confession: priceless.	4
They have problems for sure.But they don't have YOUR problems.	4
I actually like my vagina... I suspect it’s actually my husband that is the problem	3
What really got [NAME] bigger that much?	7
"Sounds like another data point for ""fear homo Sapiens"", haha. "	1
Because deep down you know that you really don’t know what you’re talking about. Be grateful someone told you.	15
Don't worry--reminders like this are exactly where grizzled old guys can help out most.	5
You are correct. But sometimes you might have a plan or you have to improvise. I’m glad it worked.	4
Weird, never had a problem	20
Because nothing he says was remotely sexist? Sure it could have escalated but what he said was pretty tame.	4
Thanks!!!	15
Solid as a rock!	0
I accidentally swiped. I don't have time right now I swiped for ego and got it so I don't actually want to talk to anyone.	2
ITS TO THE POINT WHERE I LOVE AND I HATE YOU	2
Done, sorry about missing that before.	24
really hope that is the case. Gotta keep the optimism up	20
That was truly disgusting	11
It’s legal in TX but with restrictions. Traffic has to be moving slower than 15mph and the rider cannot exceed 30mph	4
The person next to you has a high chance of having candy or something cool packed in there so it would be nice to have variety	13
Stick to your arts degree, the men will keep building this province, regardless of having to fix garbage the TFWs built.	4
Honestly, it's a great sample of the world as a whole. One articulate person can steer an entire crowd of idiots to do anything.	0
Some bioshock shit right here.	11
I'm the same. I prefer sad depressed dudes and idk why. I know I like taking care of people though..	5
Yeah your right thats why I dobt rush things, Ive accepted things take time	4
Some of us can't do syrup any more. :(	9
Thanks for that..	15
Piracy is going to have a massive increase in the coming years.	20
It was totally worth it.	0
Can you imagine the amount of backlash she’d get if it was ANOTHER [NAME] collab? Omg.	26
Yeah agreed, it’s great to see!	4
You’re gorgeous girl! 🔥😊	0
"""it doesn't count if you're drunk""? Wow.. Imagine that being used as an excuse in other situations."	13
My mom wrote a paper for me once in 5th grade. I got a B-. Needless to say, I learned my lesson.	22
[NAME] damn that apron bump looked like it sucked	3
And those kids made fun of the people doing it just as much as everyone else. Source: i am a high school teacher.	1
I’ve seen him on the facebook page! Thank you!	15
Definitely was a nonononoyes for me there lol, I'm a horrible person	1
Dayyuuummm!!! If you ever get another one, you know what to do. (Record it)	4
I was rooting for the saints. There’s no way in hell the rams will beat the patriots	20
Sucks that [NAME] won't get to play [NAME]	2
When I see [NAME] venerate icons it makes you wonder if they have OCD. /s The joke is that [NAME] cross themselves more than others in my experience.	1
Oooh I see! Oh god yes, [NAME] is one of the best things about England. I also quite like [NAME], for my sins!	0
It's the same couple of people. The only thing I really dislike about this subreddit is that it swings to the left too hard sometimes.	10
You need to talk to her openly about this... without shaming her. She’s being open and honest with you. Your turn.	5
Like I said please have a great day !	5
They're absolutely relaxing in this 3rd quarter, 7 points in 5 minutes so far...	23
Yes my man	17
Every team is beatable just maybe not by us	20
The nfl has been the outcome of ref interpretation and flag throwing for years. Why are we surprised this continues?	26
[NAME] is a guest speaker in one of my classes this semester. Can’t wait.	13
[NAME] punches here are so desperate and have absolutely zero power in them. He was outclassed so badly twice in a row after such a dominant run.	9
Wonder if the balls are deflated... that worked well against the colts last time.	26
Stop crying.	3
[NAME] there are so,many. But my favorite are: Hold you in my arms ~ [NAME] Dont forget me ~ Way out west [NAME] ~ [NAME] 	18
The latter is correct.	4
Some fragile egos seem very upset at the ad. womp, womp.	25
No worries, good luck!	20
I know you're annoyed, but can this sub not be a place to post screenshots of poor opinions from the other sub? It's getting overwhelming.	3
Yup! Lol	1
This made me smile. I watched it on YouTube.	17
Omg just drink some water then bro lol	1
I agree with everything you said!	4
He has never had success	9
Def not nypd lmao, but u hear you 	10
Agreed. Reverse the story so that a girl makes her boyfriend shit his pants before going out and suddenly it's funny.	4
I opened reddit to masturbate then I saw this. It's hard but... it's the right thing to do Thanks! Take it easy :)	15
I know I am very worried	19
remember when he scored 4 tries in a game? that was cool	0
Its hard to look at. Its just gross.	11
All this theft should be reported to the school so it can go on his spermanent record	4
Thanks dude.	15
Sounds like a fun game. Our home game around here is .05/.10. Its fun but not very exciting.	13
It wasn't a good idea then... it's been 10 years, why do you still think this was funny?	3
That was straight up reckless	3
I know many bf who would be excited for that	13
>Missing skillset >Guy I mean, I don't want to say it's *free*, but it's pretty damn likely.	20
I think that's what I'm going with. Thanks guys! u/krazyM	15
"""I'm a libertarian. I get attacked by both sides lol"" ""I voted [NAME] last election"" Uhhhh what"	1
Have a nice day	5
Why aren’t we putting guys in for garbage time?	6
[NAME] dude I’m sorry. That’s their problem now. Bump some [NAME] and keep moving forward.	25
I wouldn't get your hopes up until you've been dating a while.	5
thank u, thank u	15
Mr. [NAME]! Nooooo!	10
Thanks! I'll work on this next time!	15
"I can't stand [NAME]. Especially since her ""tatooing my own face"" video. "	10
39/43, turns out I need to follow the academy team a little more...	20
I'm happy that you got the [NAME] back, some people just don't have respect for others and think that they and their kids deserve everything	17
Ha me too. I’m afraid we’ve been called out	14
HYS is the worst Internet comments section. It makes Youtube comments look like Gardeners Question Time.	11
like 2lbs worth of potato and toppings at her grandmas every damn day. I love that show as well	18
Not my sub not my problem	10
while it's debatable how big government should be, I'm glad someone isn't advocating for private fire departments again. that was such a disaster	9
Just try the free trial. I got bored of it in 4 hours, so no buy for me. 	9
I wonder how Florida will like him hahah	1
BURN IT DOWN	2
Wear you're ear pro kids. Styro plugs are cheap, and don't ruin the concert experience.... but it will save your ears.	5
YES! Here's to us HAPAs!	13
Great protest! Not being discouraged by the weather or paternalistic criticism, good on them!	0
I need this in my veins now.	8
Good to know 😊	4
What a legend.	0
In my few years playing I never knew this ... I feel so lost now	25
I saw your missing post and hoped you found your baby! I'm sorry for your heartache	25
Fuck me daddy	2
You're clearly upset tho, you're not doing a good job proving your lack of caring	9
Don’t let them get you down man. Nothing wrong with a cozy night at home by yourself.	5
Heat is one of my top movies. The whole thing is fucking amazing.	0
Tf what it this for a motivational speech?? Tf is fb doing to these kids	7
YUP. I’ve been healthier since the new year FINALLY smh	17
Steven universe is a kid’s show that is also aimed at adults. A very intense 1 hot episode aired last night and people are excited.	13
I’m sorry to hear this. Live a hell of a life for your mate	25
I'd love to see something following her younger days. Also something STRQ related would be awesome.	18
I want to get rough with him. Choking, tying me up, light BDSM.	8
Maybe. The only other time both sites of players should be fully baked is just before a world cup but that's not a good time either.	6
Ah, this may explain all the untimely heart attack deaths we hear about for those who opposed the state or whatnot 	16
Conservatives now hate dancing... anybody surprised?	26
"Wallah Lmao It's ""voila"""	1
I just want to die. I don't want to keep trying.	25
That was fun.	17
the idea is bad dude. that's the problem.	10
Didn't even know it was my cake day lol. Only lasted 5 to 10 minites, wasn't too bad 	1
You dropped a ‘want’ in that last sentence my dude	4
I thought Detroit or Oakland . . . and both have fantastic areas despite what pop culture might lead you to believe.	0
Love this twitter account.	18
thank you maybe its just best if i forget it.	15
It is hard [NAME] damn work, making something this pretty look like a chump!	0
I've seen some unfunny comment sections on r/jokes but this one takes the cake.	4
Also that college is overrated because they are or know a welder or plumber that's makes 200k .	15
Lmaooo I’m sooo gonna use “As asap as possible.”	1
Feeling better now?	5
r/puns might appreciate this. I know I did!	0
Clear disregard for the Turf Protection Act:	10
This is why you should only ever do incremental payments based in the work done.	5
i say no or in da club if they come to damce with me i walk away	10
I would pay good coin to read that love story.	13
Nothing but net. He got a few phone numbers then ghosted lol.	1
Yeah exactly man haha. Not just that core is bad but hc is always more fun imo	1
How much money did you find exactly? If it was a lot then you probably took their cash and the bones were left as a warning.	7
This was wild, laughed the entire post	1
I dream of a world where that won't even be an option.	8
"Was the song ""New Light""? I'd love to see the vid you're talking about if you come across it"	18
Hmmmmm that is interesting. I wonder why you were told different. I think I'm going to email support and ask.	0
It wasn't fair on the rest of the list, nothing is good as Tim Hortons.	10
I hope that stays on all their programs from now on. Would really add a new element to Corrie.	20
Omg I used to do something similar?! Yeah I’ve worn so many hats and then just kicked them to the curb.	12
unblockables and cc moves do not affect him while in bulwark stance or at least he can also counter them (not sure how the stance works)	6
From my point of view the freefolk are evil	2
It's not you, Taco Bell is grade D racoon meat and isn't fit for human consumption.	10
Your Beauty shines out of you, than you for this lovely post.	0
Take my up vote...you owe me a punchline you bastard.	3
It started to compute for me when I was “right” all the time but never ended up getting what I wanted.	9
Don’t get your hopes up for new armour	10
I love me some RFM. My wife said he talks like a robot.	18
You're gross	11
You were disappointed in 2014?	7
Perfect. Thanks!	15
I still can't believe those guys got nominated.	26
Man I remember playing street hockey at desert breeze growing up, good times	17
I can't believe you're giving these trolls the time of day but good on ya bud. Epic post.	10
Thanks for sharing.	15
Spoken like a true man. My science teacher supposedly has ramblings about “not touching people.”	6
No. Well...maybe. Good point.	6
Wow, whereabouts in Croydon are you it wasn't this bad where I am! 	26
Dear OP: Proper punctuation please/thank you.	15
wtf i love basketball again.	18
Have to agree. The government welfare and biased divorce courts which are enforced by the state are to blame.	4
Damn that sucks dude! Personally I’d fill the soil with barbed wire so when they stick their hands in they’d get nice and cut up	3
I think those red hats increase their IQ by -1	4
I’m curious, do any other coaches do this?	7
I graduated in 2002 and had history books that ended with [NAME] 2nd term. I had great teachers but terrible materials.	14
Happy Birthday [NAME]!	13
I'd be happy with a Goff win too. And you can't hate Brees. Rams vs. Chargers would be perfect. final score 72-70.	17
That's still crazy to me as it's the same price online and in store here. We just have a flat rate.	13
I wonder how many managers you've pissed off	7
I don't find it awkward, it's relaxing and I want to enjoy having some else wash and cut my hair.	17
love that the block against AZ is in this. what a year for Kittle.	0
The reason I play quickmatch. I wont feel the shame..	4
Glad to see people actively calling out yet another asshole on here pretending to want to help people. Good show!	15
Ok thanks bro for the opinion. I’m trying to settle a argument.	15
Hang on so Im not allowed to stroke your dog? Thats sad.	25
Man. Really bad last possession there. Bummer.	10
Hah haha ha hah ha I am going to use this one now.	1
We are. EU regulations, laws created by the European Parliament. Don't say something that is blatantly untrue	3
I guess I'm confused why beliefs are not voluntary. The link talks about conclusions based on that but doesn't seem to address the premise.	6
That kid is beautiful	0
It's not like the picture looks bad. Wait, no, I take that back immediately. I can't unsee it now too.	25
I guess electronic was not in the top 20. The legendary [NAME] with his 2 excellent performances got the #5	0
Until they find out oh she went underground 🙄	9
The way that ladder is attached to the building is pretty terrible.	9
I mean, it is, slowly but surely. It sucks. 	3
Thank you for telling me !	15
thank you for the suggestion. i'm not on fb though and would prefer not to be, as far as that goes.	15
Those scars look fairly recent. Just remember no matter what there are people who love you and will support you unconditionally!	18
Interesting, I’m going to have to pay closer attention. Thanks.	15
Doesn’t sound like it’s going to work out, sorry dude	10
Haha I was just thinking that. You've become a very diverse club. The Hobart Darwin Tigers. Training facility in Wagga.	1
Best comment ever.	0
yeah I can see myself in that too. I lost all feeling for responsibilty. except for going to work.	22
Everyone's job is tough so why not treat everyone with respect?	22
I really hope not. I want a more feel good intermission, I’m done with being yelled at by angry old conservatives. 	20
Nothing more attractive than someone who's compatible with me and has a great personality.	0
he knows there are tribute bands, right?...	6
Good thing he realized this was pointless before he resigned from his state senate seat. ^/s	22
You guys are horrible. I love it.	18
How to reveal you’re not sexually experienced	6
Insensitive tweets don't help, though.	4
3:32 excuse me what the fuck.	2
"""I refuse to argue with anyone born before 1980: They don't even know how to rotate PDFs"" That is exactly how this stupid argument sounds"	3
Love anytime we can work [NAME] into a conversation.	18
Don't they already have a decent backup in T. Hill or whatever that guy's name is?	6
Oh look another stupid comment, original but not unexpected.	3
Probably. Wouldn't be surprised if our current generation essentially lives forever...or well until something like climate change puts a stop to it.	26
Bahahaha this is gold.	1
Imagining doing something this drastic all alone is just... I can't fathom the anxiety. Man.	19
> Consult /r/ssbbw (NSFW) for a better answer. Thanks. But no thanks. I'll take your word for it.	15
All good man haha	1
Why is this not 5x5? It hurts my eyes...	25
Thanks, not sure how I missed that. Fixed it!	15
Buff *Nurse*??? Lol, this has to be some god-tier shitpost or something	1
gotta love my s-tier talking to people anxiety haha wait no i don't 😎	18
Like the Whitehouse is getting stale the fuck on now.	3
[NAME] looks hot in her 70’s outfit.	0
So I've never seen [NAME] before and decided to Google it out of curiosity... Cheers for that	7
> I refuse to believe facts	10
Please don’t do that. You can do better	5
I will mate. No worries.	23
It's a shame that so many experimental psychology studies are still using such dubious statistical practices.	11
Skyrim kinda aged poorly but I still keep coming back to it. Might start another playthrough soon.	20
yeah. thanks for your reply	15
I have pledged myself to truth, I don't remember signing a pledge.	22
Reminds me of [NAME]	22
Definitely valid in my case. But let's remember our friends who have had or are currently having a rough time when it comes to family life, as well.	5
I'll continue to be dumb for supporting a company I like. Thanks for your input poor.	15
Not available in my country. Can't believe this has to be a thing in the modern age.	26
I agree. I could tell she was really upset.	4
Well, that was dumb.	3
yes, because I like her already anyway	18
Stop all the bullshit. Keep AB. Pick one.	2
[NAME] is such a wholesome woman. The world needs more people like her.	0
Im sorry, my autocorret happened. But i think you can read between the lines? Or maybe just go full r*** :)	24
Great. Literally nothing is sacred anymore.	0
Partial reopening within the next two weeks for services to the [NAME], but unfortunately for some a lot of the government is never coming back from this.	9
first alien is hotter tbh	0
Also known as the song ice cream trucks play. I was wondering why it sounded so familiar!	26
"I dated a girl from Broomfield Colorado. She'd end sentences with ""yo"". I ended us."	4
Yessss thats it ...thanks	15
Funny how it do	17
It is a fictional llama...how much PC do we actually need?	7
Who are you again?	6
I'm surprised they play the national anthem at derby bouts there, been to many bouts in Minnesota and haven't once heard the national anthem performed.	26
"ITT: People saying ""I'm doing to get downvoted for this"" and then not getting downvoted."	3
You are disgusting.	11
Dutch bros made this a legit drink. It’s their cold brew steamed I believe. Edit: spelling	4
>Just be glad he didn’t kiss [NAME] mum. that'd make a good storyline tho tbh	23
Congratulations! It's an amazing feeling isn't it! 😍	13
Tell him congrats. And that he srsly needs to work on his bunting; it's just painful to watch.	25
His estate still have property in places like ireland. To this he has grounds rent paid to him	4
Wow, a Walmart Truck Stop. I think that would be outstanding! They should do that everywhere, I mean they already have the land.	13
"I'm curious who those four are? You can't count [NAME], because he never ""endorsed"" him."	7
Right!? I'm glad someone else noticed. I was horrified when she trespassed into a stranger's home. So violating!	14
thanks for the quick reply I am very bored. what anime do you like?	15
I love lions. Wouldn't want one in my house though. Might scare the dog. Same thing with children for me!	18
OMG my [NAME] hates it too but she does it to me all the time	3
Sorry but this is too rad to be cringe for me. This is like if [NAME] was a general.	25
visit your school's career center and speak to a career counselor. he/she can help you with referrals. good luck!	20
Tbh I couldn't tell if he was serious or shitposting	6
[NAME] thats real? I'm so glad i unsubbed from pics	17
Nope, you weren't in the wrong at all.	4
But what did he druer? Sorry. (Im not sorry)	24
Happy birthday 🎂!!	13
I resent being lumped in with the group you are referencing, but thanks for sharing.	15
This has the makings of a great painting.	0
Lmao I have like 12 days played cop farming who even does that anymore oh my [NAME] you’re pathetic for even bringing up ages	3
Suck really hard and hope it ends soon? And don't swallow!!! Bleck - sex is so much better with a woman.	2
And yet, it’s bad to manipulate people. Which is what the in laws are doing. 	11
Calling a 40k salary a humblebrag is still pretty funny in a self-deprecating way.	1
It's rape after they've both consented? You're what's wrong with society today, try to be less of a dipshit going forward.	2
It's a shame cause I spent countless hours squading up on BF1, then played the BF5 beta with high expectations only to be very let down.	12
Can [NAME] just shut up and appreciate her dog?	2
Wow I’ve never seen that one and I love it! Could you share the picture?	18
Maybe check the song title one more time chief. Love the song tho. Also today’s a Scared of the Dark kind of day for me	14
What would you consider to be oppression of women?	7
Oh lol. I always just typed them out manually. :hamsad:	1
DON'T TELL ME HOW TO LIVE MY LIFE.	2
And always say I love you. My SO is an officer and we ALWAYS say I love you before we leave each other.	18
***Y'our*** so funny.	1
Great idea! :) I'd be happy to give her a good reference!	15
No need to apologize. It definitely put things in perspective. I’m just glad your DD ended up ok.	17
Beautiful shots. Makes me want to finally take the jump into photography.	0
Does he report it to the police? I didn't see that part. I believe him. Stranger things have happened.	4
Not unexpected this election was gonna be a brawl between him and [NAME] from the start.	26
Was hilarious. RIP Roman	1
Same. Glad it's not just out store.	17
I agree. This is the real reason why I hate wearing pretty clothes and makeup. It's like putting lipstick on a pig.	4
Everyone else's obsession sounds useful... I get obsessed with certain actors.	4
Woof thank goddddd I changed my flair	23
"If she is sorry at all. Could be more along the lines of ""I am pretending to be sorry so I don't get fired."""	24
True, haha. Anywho, have a great day.	0
Ohhhhh that couple!	26
I feel like they're blaming the school for them doing exactly the right thing.	11
Everytime i see a T-Wolves game and i see [NAME] running around with the number 67 jersey on i just laugh	1
Im glad to hear it !!!	17
Quit being a panzy and just have a laugh	1
The only way this is OK is if their kid made it for them. But then you feel bad for the kid. Lose lose..	4
Yeah I didn't like getting clawed from that far away. IF it has that big of a hitbox, it shouldn't be that far reaching	10
It's good	0
I honestly can't tell if he really doesn't care or if he's just soft af... or maybe both lol	1
I miss him so much during the NCAA tournament.	25
This sounds like the kind of comment my weird uncle would leave on my Facebook post.	11
I love [NAME], but we have better characters to trade for him. Leave [NAME] alone. 	18
One of the better shutdown memes I've seen. Have an upvote.	0
The best music for the best voice....epic & timeless 🎶❣️	0
no the first part about UK becoming a failed state. Why do you think a lot of [NAME] would not want this to happen?	9
I GET BY WITH A LITTLE HELP FROM MY FRIENDS	20
Have a good one, mate. I wish you all the loves. Here, a potcoin for you.	8
OP inserted the F into “of” to make “off” and now it’s truly upsetting.	9
"Really didn't like. I thought it was nasty and mean-spirited. ""[NAME]"" on ice it isn't."	11
[NAME] alright dude	1
Mugging is just how we show love around here. Respect our culture.	0
Unbelievable! Here. Have your iPad back. Not interested in being treated like a criminal. I’ll write home with pen and paper	26
That's true, but I was surprised to find absolutely ZERO information about a person who , presumably, has quite a bit of power and influence.	26
Well i gave you my reasoning, if you're not interested in responding why waste you're time being annoying. 	3
I would agree. It's unfortunate and brutal in its content and in the responses in the thread	11
Sigh, that was beautiful 😢	0
Orange man bad is a much less funny meme than the actual image here.	22
I'm going to Rome for a second date. The joys of Bumbling while back home for Christmas and meeting another emigrant.	13
I just guffawed at work. I hope your lawyer takes him to the cleaners.	20
"What is the point of this app? Not much is given on their page on the app store other than ""fun"""	7
Yes.	4
Ha, ha your mad!	1
I think it's a r/fuckyoukaren joke	1
The [NAME] make beers? That's news to me	7
Lovely. This is a good deed and he should be lauded for it despite whatever else is going on around him.	18
[NAME] seems to be really honest in the meaning of lore. She supports [NAME] from the very beginning.	5
Agree completely with this statement	4
Funny that dinner sized is larger than lunch sized wherever you are. Seems like a very specific cultural thing.	1
I'm glad it helps, best of luck on your journey. You've gone 7 days clean, keep doing what makes you clean for 84 more!	15
If they are [NAME] supporters who are now reaping what they sowed, the laughing is appropriate.	1
[NAME]? Yeah, that one hurts.	25
Welcome to Texas though! Go explore it!	15
Is his face always derp or is he just uncomfortable? Because I rarely see a pic of him where he doesn't have some kind of derpy facial expression	7
You look like [NAME] from firefly :)	4
Always felt like this match would go 5. Come on [NAME]!	4
I'm literally in tears right now. Everything you said is true oh my godddddddddddddd.	25
[NAME], buy me dinner before you go to poundtown on us.	8
That sounds plausible. Lets hope that you are wrong for both countries' sake.	20
I you use a /s .... Don’t know what to say to you m8...	6
What the hell	2
Don’t really hear him except for the offseason and his accent isnt really overpowering and annoying.	3
"Running theory is ""Schnee Dust Corporation"" but I don't think its been confirmed."	6
It's not unheard of but there are certainly candidates ([NAME]?) who aren't quite to her level on guns.	10
Even more so. It would only make our prison (this world) even more diabolical.	14
Rusty you the bomb! I'm okish now but just knowing you are out there makes me smile! Cheers! xoxo	17
That would be **[NAME]** Who is also awesome.	0
I’m jealous.	2
Anything is a dildo of you're brave enough	1
This is just sad. So, so sad.	25
Woah woah woah... people have different taste? Stop trying to give me some perspective!	3
Different agencies, I guess. My agency would have the whole squad felony stopping these clowns.	20
So unsurprised by this, one of the most hated people in the music world. 	9
This post is inappropriate for this subreddit.	10
Thank you for charging your fucking phone!	15
For real I thought that shit was on loop lol	1
its like waze but for people in debt	4
No no forms or anything. I was pleading with them not to go and it seemed surreal that I was being forced to go	9
"If she is hot and has nice shoes...""I like your shoes."" "	0
What's there to disagree on..... it's pretty apparent	3
I first liked [NAME], but disliked her after [NAME].	10
Upvote for you, and shared the cleverness with my wife!	4
Damn I didn't realize we just locked up the season series against the jets. That's good to see.	17
True but he prob loves football more and def enjoys playing football over baseball	18
I WILL NOT OBEY THAT ORDER, GENERAL! 	2
This truly is the best a man can get.	0
Ok, fair enough... This one works	4
take my arrow. so fucking true	4
Ohhhh now I get it Omg I'm so stupid	22
 anyone who hasn't seen this, it's unbelievably bad.	10
Cider, its an acceptable drink to get drunk when you don't like the taste of beer and too much of a man to drink moscato	4
I've never heard of him. Do you have a link? Curious to see if he has any videos on accents I'm familiar with.	7
personally ive noticed some of our sars are coming out darker than normal so idk loo extra strong i guess	22
That moment when you can't even get mad when you realise it's another sad boring troll with nothing better to do than creating alt accounts .	3
Nah I'll be right thanks [NAME]	15
Personally my number one ST love is [NAME], [NAME] is a close second tho.	18
scared for sure... scared of how much money we're gonna have to pay him it's gonna be all the moneys	14
Omg, there is a wallet made out of a dead squirrel on that sub! *SUBSCRIBED*	26
1200? I thought it was 12000! Ohhhhhhh. Dr. Now’s not going to be too happy with my weigh-in dis munt.	9
I can be convinced to like any trade right now but it all comes down to the return.	18
I completely agree, I just think there is more of a chance of Clowney getting tagged than [NAME] getting tagged a second time.	4
Danm you can hear that little bastard squeaking.	3
Happy New year!	17
my [NAME] this is just *yes*	13
Your mother is an idiot. If she somehow proved that you were an unfit parent to your children your stbx husband would get them not her.	3
Happy Cake day.	17
I wish you to experience exactly the same feelings that I'm experiencing	8
Oh we're doing this again huh	3
Oh. It really is [RELIGION]. I was wondering if that was a bad gag.	6
Most of my friends are [NAME], and I respect them. I don't think they'd be offended. Sincerely. 	0
This reminds me of suits. (Currently about to start season four.)	22
Still can’t blame him.... we’ve all been there	10
I feel ya.	4
i hate that it's over an interstate bridge so people traveling from the west from other states have to look at it edit* because it's fucking corny	2
Many people are saying this is true. Great story.	0
5 hours late!!!!!!!!! omg.	26
Might relax you a little bit but definitely don't expect some amazing buzz from just 1 15mg pill. 15mg might feel like 5-7.5mg diazepam.	23
Yeah, but nobody takes McD's hamburgers seriously. 	9
this is def an ad to buy doritos, but ill be goddamned if its not a pretty cool recipe	4
Wow i didn't really expect both the explosion and him to live	26
Bleak but may be accurate. I wonder - are there examples of other franchises that went down the toilet, but that then actually make a comeback?	7
Wish you good luck	5
My class size until 5th grade was 6 students...wish I had more classmates back then.	20
Make this a weekly PSA, please!! Lmao 	1
Python2 end of life will be nice, though.	0
Can this guy just land himself in jail already so we don't have to hear about him anymore	3
I’m hoping so. I either make peace with it or I decide to move on	20
That's awesome! Thanks for sharing the event!	15
I will dude. Have a good one	8
By far the coolest thing I've seen on this thread yet	17
I don't know who that is so it wasn't intentional	10
Oh man you sure showed me, good job champ	0
well there's a pretty damning set of pictures there, ace.	0
Being the best [NAME] in SC2 was like being the best [NAME] in basketball.	4
Hmm. Never saw a COMMENT downvoted!	10
Everyone knows that the rich have a secret cure for cancer! /s	4
And that’s it? Then they’re a [NAME]?	6
I wish they would put dfs in for [NAME] right now	8
Man.. I really loved that team.	18
oh Ye crazy again for 2019 huh	13
He did tell me we would play catch when he returned so I am excited about that	13
Marketing! That’s a great word to describe what they do.	0
Love the song! First one I’ve bought in a long time	18
At least the crazy lady didn't hunt ya down mate!	23
that's hysterical. two legitimate babes.	1
I don't know why he'd take it like that, he was gone for so long so someone was going to do a show like that.	10
I completely understand why some people would want to report this, I just said that I wouldn’t. You do what you think is right.	10
This team isn’t winning the 2019 cup. I’m focused on 2022 and beyond	10
I agree with this coked-up fiend.	4
Gaaahhh. That one would hurt.	25
I think I just view her even more as a friend instead of as a psychiatrist. I can’t help but worry about her wellbeing listening to me	5
San Diego is fucking awesome! This is coming from someone who lives in arguably the best place to live in Canada	0
Well I don't think it works the other way around. As someone who is incredibly insecure, I am also definitely not a narcissist.	10
come on, Redwings won, Knights need to win. give me another 2-fer, baby!	17
I, too, am a lot of fun at parties. We can stand together in the corner! 	17
This guy should go to HELL	2
Poor attempt for karma I think	9
Glad you answered your own question.	3
I sorry didn’t want to disrespect peep but as i said i needs to be dark and about something i like	24
This is such a good game so far from literally all of BIG. THIS IS THE FUTURE BOYS!	0
Yeah I’d love a before and after!	18
Practice your speech before hand. In your head and in the physical world. Then keep doing it until it no longer scares you.	5
YES. I have been reporting this incel bottom feeding buttcoin troll for two days now.	4
As an NHL tv subscriber I prefer that home broadcast, but I see your point. GO KNIGHTS GO from Oklahoma!!!	4
This is great in contrast to the [NAME] and [NAME] drama	0
Stumbling out of a closet in full [NAME] outfit... I'm afraid it's not	14
I am so mad I haven’t thought of doing this. Just brilliant	0
That’s a statement I can actually get behind. Not because of anything he’s really done, but that Scientology stuff is... weird.	3
Thanks for not running our prospects in the Pre-Season anymore!	15
A TECHNICAL Lmao.	1
I think he’s likely to be a platoon player with Mad Max this year.	20
And even though it’s only half carbonated at this point it still gives her those weird wet talking burps.	3
Ty going through a lot right now and this made me smile.	15
"Even [NAME] has said ""I'm happy *for you*"" to pregnant women he's known."	0
Yes, that is correct. I knew what you meant though:)	4
Glad to help!	5
It feels like an ironic meme. How is this not ironic?	7
It's so beautiful out. If only the sun wasn't so consistently low.	0
I like, don't like it!	10
I have a feeling if my car won’t start my ETL would come and Uber me to work	20
Good luck buddy!	15
I personally am very proud to be a vegetable. Corn, to be exact. Corn pride y'all	21
I have almost 5 months now. If I can do it, anyone can. You got this baby ❤️	18
So many inaccuracies here.....	3
How are we playing, just tuned in	7
It took me a while, but then I realized your friend was one of the “weird guys”	22
Wanted to see if someone *wood* eat it or not.	7
Haha I should probably clarify it was family owned and managed	1
This is the shitposting I love	18
Wait, how do u know he is a therapist	7
Think this was an underrated signing. Dudes such a beast when he’s on, can go multiple innings.	3
Seek out a therapist? It sounds quite depressing n I wouldn't want it overwheming me.	9
No its an edited one by someone on this sub, I can't find it though. 	10
It's always nice to tell someone a pleasant story before they go to sleep.	17
Yeah take it slow..I mean you waited 7 years you can wait a bit. Hope it will turn out good for you guys	20
[NAME]! Big fan of your graphic novels!	0
lol dont worry im aware, just thought it fit more here is all	22
He was in a state of shock lol	26
[NAME] play fake mad is great. Sitting there starring like he’s the most hardcore fan there is	0
Hoping Heavy Machinery get the win. Would like to see them as champs.	20
Right? No one brattier than incels.	7
Come on, I want to know how it goes.	7
So glad I moved here.	17
That's what I tell myself, too.	4
That sounds kinda crazy. I bet you voted for [NAME]	13
Yep, and because you do, you’re going on the highway to hell	4
I don't really understand what they are even proposing or how realistic it is to implement. It just sounds like empty words.	6
The emoji at the end just made me want to slap her	2
Bro, put water in the microwave and see what happens, we're like 70% that shit	1
i love you [NAME] and and son [NAME] and the holy spirit love	18
Then when you dropped them that was it for youth group cred for the night. Lol	1
[NAME] GIVES BARRIERS NOT SHIELDS. LUCIO BARRIERS GIVE ULTS. HAMMOND BARRIERS DONT GIVE	2
I'll die on this hill with you. Amen.	18
Well this all started Wednesday. But I’ve been unhappy with my life for weeks now	25
Why cant [NAME] get a call these last few games?	7
Self driving cars still won't help fix the problem if old people can't afford them	10
I just wished they took [NAME] with them.	4
No thank you 😉	15
80k/month? Damn. I need to become a Union Square store	7
lol i've done the same with the pan flag, one time literally drew it on the sidewalk and explained what it was, somehow nobody got it...	1
She does have a great ass I’ve always thought so	0
nice one gards!!	0
I had a similar fear last month after exceeding the two hours in a Homebase car park.	14
Yeha he failed to qualify unfortnatwly.	25
Glad your nights going well guys	17
At least he tried	0
It will hurt, try to take your mind off things, and try to understand why it hurts	5
Haha imagine if that limo in Vancouver where him, [NAME], and [NAME] were shirtless had a dash cam.	1
Nice to see a rare court case involving a meta-human.	0
Nize it lol. Everyone on this subreddit sounds like they’re 50+	1
The game felt like an awesome sci-fi TV series, with each mission feeling like a great episode. The pacing of this game was damn near perfect.	0
Exactly what i was thinking!	4
Precisely that. I hope you’re able to find strategies to deal with it easier, it’s really tough	20
I’m in ND too and I’ve maybe seen two people use studded tires in the two years I’ve lived here.	22
[NAME] i actally kind of like [NAME] but he is such a punk	1
It's definitely that	4
Your idea of the supposed limitations of bots is actually hilarious.	1
Cray to the crazy	17
Yeah, guess I'm old fashioned and don't downvote people clearly expressing a personal opinion. No matter.	4
"""So... I'm gonna go back to my class and sit in my seat like you told me to, if you don't mind..."""	4
Haha fucking gottem	1
Damn you actually got that comment tagged. Could've saved yourself the explanation if you found that comment earlier lol.	1
What exactly is the point of stating something as being a “right aligned opinion” then?	7
Wow... Hope you ok and good luck	20
Agreed 100%, Governor [NAME] will have some say in this, they broke Wisconsin law, plain and simple !	4
Get in, I'll tune in now	4
Can we call it the swamp monster?	7
Can't make negative comments about her on here dude. Downvotes incoming	4
Worst deal on the leafs right now easily	11
lol Holy shit.	1
Apathetic. Not happy, not sad, just don't care	3
Not at all. I wasn't offended in the least. Thanks for the promotion!	15
Omg stop spamming.	3
I highly doubt he's still her friend, and i would be surprised if she remained friends with [NAME] if [NAME] chooses to stay with him. 	6
Extend the compassion; go vegan.	4
I like to be scared actually!	17
That isn't really true if you've watch all Arsenal games this season.	9
Explaining the whole thing i wouldnt have the heart to physically or mebtally hurt a person such as raping someone	10
Your teacher was pretty cool for calling you snoopydog	0
I go everywhere, the XP and money make it worth it. 	4
BPA not fit especially when we dont have a good team	10
Most important win of the season. Awesome	0
Barista Parlor and Crema have been my favorite so far.	0
He rambles like a lunatic and she focuses on being called “not beautiful” of all things. Lol Uh oh I hear the downvote train a-comin’!	1
Fuck this boring ass 9-5 corporate bullshit. I feel like starting a podcast about the Bulls.	3
Didn’t realize two different intros were so many. I’ll warm this community up to hip hop eventually ;) Appreciate the shoutout!	0
This also made me Smile, thank you	15
More moralizing and prejudice from you. Why am I not surprised?	7
Whoa whoa whoa, dont go firing him into the rest of us. He is your alien being	26
I think you’re absolutely gorgeous	0
"Too lazy to type out ""him/her"" 3x. That and I don't give a fuck."	3
Ha. How funny He's the only geezer who thinks he's madness.	1
For me it is easier to believe that the Big Bang occurred via a natural process than through an external agent such as some god.	4
Haha it’s funny cuz I’m 17 and still doing these haha...	1
It's funny how the mention snoop at the end of the article, reminded me of the chappelle's show episode about [NAME]	1
Love the cheese!	18
I can't see anything wrong with this message	4
There’s a fine line between love and hate, you know. 	18
i feel this	4
I used to have a German Shepherd X Siberian Husky that looked so much like this.	22
Oh come on, they’ll survive it all, they LOVE EACH OTHERRRR!!!	18
I come up and hug her and say good morning, usually joke around about the dog or something. Nothing negative really	5
That's the CPUSA symbol. No clue why it's here though.	6
Just throw them into a pool of needles. That'll teach them not to steal ever again.	2
Wish I had the confidence of [NAME]	8
Today I wish I were a black bear.	8
my crush began to be annoying when i lost interest in him. it sucks either way	3
I regret this post so hard so much debate and anger lol	2
Son of Darkness is cool, but also Ashes of the Empire	4
Did you see it with [NAME]? I don’t see him have chemistry with anyone	7
How long do we have to wait? I might need rehab.	7
I took a screen writing class and I think we had to do this. Then again the class was a while ago so I don't remember much	4
I recently ate here and it changed my life. Get the steak sandwich with roasted peppers and goat cheese. You will not regret it.	0
Horns✔️ Tail✔️ Legs of furry animal✔️ Buff avatar✔️ Crazy brilliant collors✔️ Super active on twitter and son of the sin✔️ Yeah sure	4
because people are idiots and don't like being wrong	3
Spoiler: I think they mean me, even though I would hope that is literally the opposite of what my comments have been doing. 	20
Once I saw the LV logo I then realized I’m not rich enough to even watch that video.	22
At this point, it’s certain that GA isn’t happening. 	9
Just like an unwritten rule to discuss a perfect game during a perfect game. Interesting	0
I don't think I'd like that either.	10
Focus groups thought [NAME] was too attractive and the brethren were experiencing a burning in their loins and sinews so we fixed it.	0
My no. 1 favorite quote on the show right here	18
I'm now scared to post this link]( I guess I should [stop.	14
Yeah i checked her teeth out and they are okay. I was worried about that as well	5
I had to buy all your music after seeing that vid. Amazing work.	0
I appreciate your meme OP.	0
I miss rock fest 😔	25
Double barrel Pink eye. Awesome.	0
So then what are the odds the refs had money on the game and a vested interest to ignore calls?	7
M/21/straight/6’2 Back on tinder after taking a year off dating to focus on personal stuff. Go ahead and judge! Thank you in	15
Thank you kindly.... I appreciate the support. Could you elaborate on the tip please? Thank you	15
Do you know of a strike with greater participation? If so, I'd love to hear of it!	7
Thank you, and same to you. I was a single AP once, it was lonely. Do you see other people?	15
[NAME] doesn't even look that big here. But he's still handsome.	0
Indeed it does. I blame [NAME] and his love of sponsorships.	11
No he's overrated	10
Thanks a lot, [NAME]. Now I've lost my train of thought!	15
So what did she mean to say? I’m so confused...	6
their is a differences between losing and being embarrassed	12
Love the headline though	18
For those wondering: that appears to be a sycamore. It's one of the biggest tree species in the eastern USA.	4
Man, she took it pretty well. I’d be screaming my damn head off. 	0
Just wait until we sign [NAME] this off-season! Best front in the league.	0
Interesting that despite not having absolute views you are absolutely all over here pushing the view it's [NAME] that's the problem	7
Oh, the irony,.	26
I don’t make the rules, man, I just blindly follow them like a sheep	12
Oke thats really disappointing of him. Although his thoughts are constanly changing. He used to even be an ancap at some point.	9
Oh [NAME] please don’t put them in a team together.	8
Ugh, the learning curve for hurdles has to be a painful one... kudos for finishing. Last couple falls probably destroyed her knees. 	0
The new Five Nights at Freddy’s looks great	0
Sorry *ss Crabtree is there so it's a possibility.	24
I love your collection and want to play with it! p.s. am 40	18
Our volume of immigration does not mean it is easy to get in. The bar is very high and there are many applicants.	10
Thank you so much❤️	15
Makes me want to eat ass	1
I think you should be able to, with enough skill and precision but not in a spam swing fight, I agree.	3
[NAME] left that on purpose. Would bnever have scored	3
I know it’s out of control!	9
And maybe one day you'll be able to afford one, but until then continue being an edgy teenager whining about the war on drugs. 	20
I know! If it's going to be that cold I want snow. I think there's a chance next weekend	8
maybe next time you should do some fucking research. prohormones will shut down your test production	3
OK sweaty, have fun in ur collapsing Union while I'm restoring the Empire xoxx	17
Not seeing why that's depressing.	6
“How dare you use your breasts for their biological function instead of my enjoyment!”	2
Who's [NAME]?	6
I remember seeing the trailer for this. I was lit when I heard [NAME]. Great movie	0
Yes I would love to see!	18
You have no idea how incredible they make me feel in every single way. It's not something I'm used to!!	0
We're not roasting you. That's not how it works here. Go get help and feel better then come back for proper roasting.	5
Am I not supposed to have what I want, what I need	10
I'm sorry for what happened to you. I guess you were sending mixed signals all the time.	24
Ah, thanks. 	15
Oh I don't think so. I like AOTC and am looking forward to watching a 5 hour analysis of it.	4
The amount of times this happened during the first tides of war event, smh.	9
I think: Congrats! That baby will now have loving parents	17
Maybe unpopular but I never eat pancakes with syrup. Way too damn sweet.	10
Nobody has guns in NYC, they're ilegal there lol.	1
Being disgusted at disgusting things is grown up.	11
*sobbing* I love you bro, you always there for me *continues sobbing*	18
Her septum is crooked I'm hoping from the chain to her ear, but it's super irritating and I wanna snatch it out her face.	3
With the high turnover rate maybe it does lol!	1
“Why is there always someone that brings eggs and tomatoes to a speech?” -[NAME]	7
[NAME], that fucking sucks.	2
I dont think anyone liked 6A apart from the two Slade episodes and the crossover. Most people here consider it to be sloppy	10
My suspension of disbelief was shot, I don't even know if the court case ended with a hell in the cell match	6
You wont be in pain but you wont feel any relief either. Find what makes you feel comfortable and stick with it	5
Lol, what?	1
You probably can. They're shit at hurling.	3
... This is a stupid idea. One of the first things caught will be a wiki quote.	2
How many kids do you see? xıs :ɹǝʍsuɐ	7
If your walls are not connected sprinkle your lawn in between regularly with diatomaceous earth. It will kill them before they can get to you.	5
I thought you only get to be a wizard after you're 30yo and still virgin	26
Aldi is awesome. Low prices, efficient processes, and treats its employees like people. Corporations actually done right.	0
I’d add “can’t host” to the list haha	1
hope [NAME] is injured while allstar week yes im a spiteful ngga	20
Wow first fight in a while where I don't want either dude to lose.	4
so cute. your art style is adorable. imagine if you made a mini-comic drawing!	0
I feel a tad lost without it now that my drive for football has vanished and basketball and hockey simmer one. The show's every night after all.	25
Ah, alright. Solid lists, but I disagree with appointing a sitting [NAME] with only 2 years under his/her belt.	10
No mate. Don't keep in touch with any of them anymore.	10
Let’s not get creative again	10
great work!	0
"I love this one too ""I like to be spoiled and will spoil my man as well"" Men translate this into ""Pay me for sex"""	18
excuse me what the *fuck* was that	2
This is very uplifting! Had very similar experiences with my wife's family. Thank you for sharing!	15
is there a wikihow for that? edit: [of fucking course there is]	7
[NAME] made me like a sleep walker.. I did things I didn't remember doing. Scary.	14
I enjoyed hardcore mode much, much more than regular mode in BF4. More realistic	17
All ur damage should have overflowed.. So just choose the best looking one.	5
Nobody said they don't have the right. It's still embarrassing.	12
Yup. Was so annoyed to see this making the rounds yesterday.	3
[NAME] is my 2nd favorite QB after [NAME]. Very high ceiling and [NAME] always seems to get the best out of his QBs	0
> Mother wasn't amused and I was forced to smile and bare it Wow, I would hate taking nude family portraits	3
Wow.. must have missed this. This is really fucked up if true!	26
Well he abused his previous girlfriend, he ran a porn site that's what I know	3
Good for them. I still don't believe a single word of it.	0
Yum!!! I love almond milk!! 🤗	18
He'll be the difference maker in the playoffs. He can get any shot he wants because of his all time great ball handling	0
I am scared that I would lose potential study time by seeing him. And worse if I end up liking him too much... :(	14
Spiders in the corners of the house and praying mantis' on the curtains, best anti fly setup ever.	0
I found it really kind.	0
Well in that case, i'll agree with you. I guess we can all do without scholars. 	4
I love artic blitz personally	18
Yeah, still the wrong strain to even remotely dive into CBD therapy (<0.7, yikes)... but I understand your point.	4
Girl YES. My kindergarten come back Tuesday, and I’m hoping they remember my name and how to hold a pencil.	20
Ahhh okay my bad I misread your comment, I thought you meant we’d be trading him if he plays poorly 	25
I really like this.	18
just test to turn up your bitrate and tell me if it changed or not, would be interesting 	7
You should have an AP that respects you ...not just one that wants to use you.	3
I had my YouTube set to 1.25x speed and didn't notice until I watched this so thanks	15
[NAME] didn't want to win though. She got what she asked for	4
I know! So relieved.	4
The team isnt really bad but their fans are really the worst	22
Every INTJ Girl I dated said they aren't interested in me because we are too much the same	10
Our future overlords are learning how to walk and help out around the house. Growing up so fast they are. Remember that I love you	18
That guy with the orange jacket looks so distraught. Feels bad man.	25
I’M NOT ALLOWED TO EAT THE SKIN, DEE! I’M NOT ALLOWEDDDDD!	2
Lol what did you type in? Cause I posted this and its entirely mine.	1
What a journey.	0
That was so damn cute. She looks just like [NAME] and I bet it just melts his heart to see how mature that girl is	0
[NAME], now you have my attention. Do you want your fun fact or no?	7
Aaaand this is why I couldn’t do online dating when I was single.	3
No youre a cunt	2
voted! threw a couple of my other favorites in there too. thanks for the heads up!	15
I didn't get it the first time, thank you for replying me.	15
Your right thanks	15
No group... I didn't say the guy's plan was realistic haha	1
I didn't know about this, thanks! Just signed up.	15
This is why I have no sympathy for parents who can't make time for their kids because of their jobs.	3
I always cry when [NAME] is on screen.	25
I want to see someone get decimated by a [NAME] hit	3
Yes. The Brasileiro is a notoriously difficult league, and Corinthians aren't even considered to be a rich club.	3
Suddenly, a loud audible groan from every structural/civil engineer in Maryland that now have to deal with that bullshit :/	3
You mean the millions of college grads living with their parents?	6
THANK YOU!!	15
Ha. Fair enough.	4
Peta killed a dog once, so peta is bad, so veganism is bad, so its ok to kill and eat billions of animals (including dogs)	3
Another reunion pic!!! made me lol	1
I actually laughed at this	1
Yeah because a country can't multitask. Go pedal your propaganda elsewhere	10
>This weird exploding ice [NAME] I haven't seen before? Wow. I... that's some ick right there.	26
That’s cool man! You have a good night!	0
Damn... METOO	3
This is awesome! Saw you on r/entwives and pmd you btw! Congrats!	0
No, it isn't K.	10
I go to the same hairdresser as [NAME], and she told me we were interested. Dunno how she got her info though.	6
Honestly at this point they need to do that or adjust [NAME] 3d model. The command grabs literally go thru opponents constantly, it looks weird as hell	3
thanks, my roommate is a photographer so props to her 😂😂	15
I don't even find her that loud or that wild I think he's just no fun.	10
Welcome to the depressed group	25
Beautiful!!! I always accidentally miss the 45 S exit at this location.	0
We did it chief	17
The Four Agreements is amazing and life changing. I don't keep that many books in my library, but this one has made the cut.	0
It’s sexual harassment because it was done with a sexual mindset. It’s not that hard to understand.	2
I hope you survive this. Losing a friend is a heavy loss	25
Sorry to hear about that! Are you just under observation? Any anti-clotting drugs they're pushing?	24
Yeah , yeah you can’t change my mind , you’ll get there eventually .	10
To make money from money is disgusting and is screwing up the economy.	11
Hopefully you don't come across too many crews like that yourself though. Always better when the combat is honorable.	20
You're right, laws don't stop people from committing crimes, we might as well legalize murder. You people sound like retards.	3
This post is actually getting me to unsubscribe from this sub. So good job, I guess. You successfully showed me something I hate. Thanks.	3
Well, ok then nevermind. I'm surrounded by people I mostly disagree with, but I honestly don't know anyone that I would call outright evil. 	10
Yeah it’s the opponents club that should be scared of us! We are REAL MADRID!	14
Thank you!	15
It wasn’t significant.	10
Oh ya, that’s [NAME]!	13
I was searching my local craigslist! It says nationwide though- so love after lockup for everyone!!!!!	22
Y'all are fucking annoying	3
Thank you for this! :)	15
Exactly! Someone think of the billionaires! Sometimes I pretend I’m one and it’s really fun :)	17
There is one teacher, and 3 paraprofessionals. She is overwhelmed, and I want to help.	8
We, battered UT fans, thank you.	15
Thanks, that was a big help. This one had me scratching my head 	15
You’re welcome!	15
“And that’s it, that’s all I’m missing”	22
oh i wish i didn't read that, [NAME]	8
I love [NAME]	18
OH me too, didn’t realize it was really a thing till now 😂	22
I read these comments assuming the context was the Government. Actually it's probably accurate for both TWD and the Government.	22
[NAME] is great, I love [NAME] content as well.	0
Yeah, I don’t like my friend’s opinion either	10
I loved this costume and wasn’t even aware of the amount of hate it had until recently	18
Can someone summarise it here? I can’t get past the paywall.	10
I’ll read that, thanks!	15
Tbh the giant cereal bowl bath is about as least cursed as it gets. ...I loved that episode	18
Just because she was watching, doesn’t mean she was into it.	10
>The ABC’s hard-hitting investigation :/ Such a sad article.	25
"Why are all these links ""np"" links?"	6
[NAME] is fascist? Everything that isn't leftism isn't inherently fascist.	6
From heroic cancer survivor to bad Italian boy. What a world we love in	3
Oh [NAME] you idiot	3
Have a nice day, sir. 	15
I got sort of excited and really was hoping it was [NAME]. Obviously it's not.... so yey... mystero.	13
Not sure if this means solution or obtrusion.	6
Fuck it, maybe the faceless men worship the great other AND assassinated the fire warlocks in valyria, hwo knows?	2
yiss they buffed [NAME], my favorite talent <3	0
Watching porn on your phone is a thing people do now? It's such an inconvenient thing to do tbh.	3
You're a clown. What gives you confidence that anything takes place ever?	7
I hope if you ever have need of help for mental illness that the person who responds is not like you.	20
Foot fetish people like pretty feet. Those are not.	10
Hahah is that what we call them here? Breeders? I'm not trying to be condescending that's just hilarious.	1
> so much misinformation > No hazing or violence tolerated whatsoever Lmao wut	2
Happy birthday!! Lots of love and hugs from a stranger in Hanoi 🤗🤗	13
Nah it's a sexual disorder due to brain structure not aligning with body structure but continue to be an ignorant transphobe I guess.	22
This is why im happy [NAME] is our owner. I don’t see him being a cheapskate	17
haha ye ik i was smoking weed for a while before a had to stop. thanks one love	15
I’ve thought about journaling. I think I’ll give that a try sometime soon. Thank you for your words my friend	15
Ok. I can support that. Do it on btc chain. Good luck. Honestly, without hiiden motives, good luck. 	4
Yikes - I'm so sorry things fell apart for you and imposing a sudden hierarchy on you like that was completely crappy on their part.	9
Valium/Diazepam is much much more enjoyable than Alprazolam/Xanax IMO. I love the muscle relaxation. It feels so good, combined with an opiate, 	23
First thought: OHHH FUCK FUCK FUCK!!! Okay, time for me to submerge and introduce this MOTHAFUCKAS EYE BALLS to these hands	11
Measuring my life in semesters filled with classes that are entirely worthless but I need a $60,000 piece of paper to get a job 	9
Yes, that's an interesting thing that I've been curious about ever since the merger. And the new party has pretty much purged the Wildrosers.	7
Whenever I hear about someone I haven’t previously and someone says wow really they’re a YouTube ________ I physically twitch	6
It's funny how BMI doesn't measure those things. My torque wrench doesn't measure alpha radiation either.	1
"""No"" is the complete sentence I will use for this exercise."	10
Because it's so ridiculously stupid people just can't help themselves.	2
"I want my kids to feel like life will take care of them -[NAME] ""LIFE will take care of them?"" *signature [NAME] face* hahahhaha"	1
Fun movie, good choices of songs, and excellent visuals	0
Accurate ! Thanks	15
Then you'll be arrested, play stupid games win stupid prizes.	3
She's not. She's not in any place. She doesn't exist.	10
Haha wait why does this sounds so familiar	1
That entire family is so embarrassing.	12
As an Aaron Jones owner, I did hate [NAME]. Lol but I’d still like the hire and just pray he becomes more innovative.	20
Oh heck oh frick	3
Thanks man, words give me strength	15
Yes it is I’m 99.9% sure! Thank you! Enjoy your gold.	15
People change their minds when trust is broken.	22
[NAME] [NAME] speed option was so much fun. They are the most criminally underrated cfb duo in my opinion	1
Class topper meant something way different when I was growing up lol	1
"""every time she was in trouble I was there for her"" - the man who caused most of her troubles "	5
Good instincts to try to get move out of the road. Hope they are alright.	20
Thanks alot!	15
I like how you're insinuating that the other half is family reunification rather than giving us the real answer.	18
oh ok thanks for explaining	15
Looked like it hurt	9
Thanks for the tip. Just sold 100K	15
Thank god, you're right. At least this idiocy didn't stick around long.	15
Thank you! Yeah, I can see that. I'm just posting old work of mine, some of the resolution isn't that great- apologies!	15
Exactly right? That's when I thought she was really really horrible.	14
Wow. I hope that asst manager will be looking for a new job soon.	3
Even Rolling Storm seems better, and it is not very good.	10
Wow. Instant retirement money...	26
Considering my wife barely touches me, I think I could get this job. Wonder how much it pays. 	20
THE MIDDLE FINGER EMOJI ARE YOU KIDDING	6
She's a pro-Assad piece of shit.	2
That's unfortunate for you.	25
I did that a few weeks back, bronze-> silver, etc. took forever lol	1
Is there something I'm missing here? I don't see the pun.	6
Horribly fake. People on that thread are stupid and gullible.	2
Yay! Nice work everyone. I love reddit.	0
You should be required to be 25+ if you want the government to acknowledge your marriage. So stupid.	3
I'm going to hell for laughing.	1
Damn, good thing I got those experts to tell me that, I'd never have guessed!	0
Fuuuuuuuuuck that.	2
Inexperience meant I didn’t know that I could legally refuse service	6
The right time would have been never being there in the first place	10
I made my own sauce for chicken dishes this week, I am happy, LGD	17
As horrible as it is to say, evidently the voting population doesn't care enough to make a large impact. 	10
Ouch, that hurts, would've won without the injury	25
Woke is realizing the world doesnt revolve around you at its most basic level. Thats dumb?	22
I wonder if the insurance company would go after the gun range or just drop the homeowner because they obviously lived in an unsafe area.	7
Love that he obviously went out there to do weird sweeping strokes in the snow. Those look super effective	0
I wished my mom protected me from my grandma. She was a horrible person who was so mean to me and my mom.	20
> 1 in 4 women will be victims of sexual assault. 4 in 4 idiots will believe this without proof.	4
There is going to be an adjustment period at first for sure, but [NAME] would definitely help our defense.	4
You guys look so amazing, even the pipe is making a jealous look... or maybe i'm just going blind from the cuteness.	0
Well...to be fair then. :)	4
I am trying so hard right now! LOL!	1
Ooooh that was a missed opportunity	25
"Love the tilt away. ""nobody will know what I'm up to"". "	18
Your amazing too!	0
No offense are you guys actually dating? Are you paying for every thing. Have u guys had sex?	7
Sadly I see it being a call to party like there is no tomorrow for the vast majority.	9
Seriously. I had 2 jobs and was in college. I sleep more now!	17
Decent idea [NAME] have an analog shot to see what to do...	0
I’d choose the kind amateur over the ignorant flamer any day, no matter what rank are they.	4
This kills the country.	14
I like that one that goes “Shield me from sorrow, Fear of tomorrow”	4
Well if this post isn’t just like staring into a mirror, I don’t know what is. 	6
The stupid is real	2
Oh I was unaware of this! Thank you!	15
Nice find!	0
Ur actually stupid lol.	1
Hahaha dude that was *so* well put	1
i freaking love five below! Wait no nevermind	18
Beautiful shot!	0
[NAME], he fucked everything up so bad.....and I love him but, damn	18
Isn’t that the plot from truth or dare?	6
Thank you for your advice!	15
Surprisingly it wasn’t a [NAME]	26
Okay. Thanks for the information. I'll look into it once I get home.	15
dude different folks different strokes. don’t kill my buzz bro. happy new years!!!	3
Ah yes January, the worst time of the year at the gym 	9
Wow really? I would think that UK bases would be the last place we'd have protests at.	26
I can't miss a chance to post one of my favorite gifs ever! 😂	18
That’s it right there. Thanks for the simple reminder.	15
All of the ones regular people have, just applied in a more logical way I guess. 	20
I merely suggested he see a doctor based on some weird symptoms he is having that cause him to not be able to interact with others very well.	5
I just wish she could do this on the show more readily	8
I'm not sure how to post a picture lol. Here's my attempt.	1
Welp. That sucks. I always check left and right when crossing an intersection, getting T-boned is one of my biggest fears.	14
I have this problem but without caffeine	4
Enjoy you Salad	17
It's genuinely disorientating to witness it.	6
Yes, it's Harbinger, and you can get it in the Cosmic Chest.	4
Was it the same bike on the unreleased,MISC cover?	6
Yikes that made me tense up. Not sure I was breathing. 10/10. Very painful looking	19
I had a breakdown last night at around 3AM.	4
My mom signed me up when I was 15. Wow that was a fun weekend. /s	17
That's just sad and depressing. Was the race closing before she finished? Well, at least she did it.	25
Thank you TC for getting us to 100!	15
Shai-Hulud! Bless the maker and his water	5
Please stop cussing.	3
>a fun activity!!! At no point in my TBM life would I have found that fun or worthy of even one exclamation.	17
Great drawing :)	0
Not knowing what it is, for one thing.	6
Smoking is nasty.	11
No, it makes it better.	10
Damn, even here in CA the gun haters almost invariably exempt law enforcement from their crusade.	2
good one. 2 one liners so far.	4
I thought you looked familiar, get back over to r/NCAAW	22
They all have these same moronic talking points that they memorized. It's hilarious. I hear them all the time	1
A is just horrifying. If she were to die I’d want her to go painlessly	8
That’s what makes this so sweet! Blackmailers are scum. This was satisfying to read. You’re a savage, OP. Well done! 	0
I want this feature just so I can get rid of the nasty rugged beige skins people have on their guns	3
CENTRISTS ONLY LEFTISTS GO AWAY also stop downvoting we don't want a circlejerk.	10
Not sure why you got downvoted, it's easy to miss some of these brand replacement names	6
Idk why but your comment in particular made me audibly crack tf up	1
It’s something put aside in case I really screw up and have no other option but return home	20
Hahaahahaaha I’ve almost completed the online story but i only have 3 gold bars so far lmao	1
Your opinion doesn't matter, the judge's does. Like I said, if you want better answers, then consult a family law attorney in your area.	5
Still pretty alarming. Thanks for these.	15
That’s it! Thank you!!	15
That’s it guys, we’re racist now	9
I'm also enjoying it I like mixing the colors the most.	17
I haven't seen it but it's on my list!!	8
Oligarch-sponsored? [NAME], stop throwing buzz words at ideas you don't agree with. Read a book.	10
You are such a good boyfriend, keep it up!! I’m jealous :)	0
Thank you, I’ll send them to her the next time we talk	15
I’m constantly surprised that [NAME] doesn’t hate her.	26
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE ORIGINAL	7
[NAME] so much hate.	2
Barring an injury, [NAME] will be up by May at the latest. You're not going to sign him for one month.	10
None of the movies deserve it and honestly the oscars are a sham at this point.	10
That's pretty much what you signed up for when you had kids.	17
[NAME] is my top choice. Love the tape and could anchor the line for many years	18
the last 2 are mocking the first you dumb asses	3
Are you one of them? Sorry. You asked for it. 😂	7
We need these people on our side; arguing with them may be both thankless and fruitless, but the argument must be put to them. 	10
Fun fact: 3 is both my favorite number and my lucky number!	1
It means that [NAME] campaign colluded, contrary to them saying otherwise. Sorry if you voted to advance Russian interests.	24
Turns out, that daddys little girl is a thot, who also takes drugs. No wonder she fled her country.	25
The acl is somewhere inside yes. Some people also said it was a lateral ligament. Hope he can recover quickly.	20
Congratulations on securing your CF Future!!!	0
*lol whats a calculator isnt that a person that calculates why would they have letters on them*	1
Don't forget colors. They panic at the sight of a chess board.	14
was the dad just seeing things when he smacked [NAME] hand away?	7
Implying Capcom has any idea how to balance a fighting game.	6
I love how all of you toss the blame on [NAME] as if [NAME] isn't just as responsible..gotta love revisionist history	3
We got nowhere with that because you only drop one-liners and refuse to actually engage.	10
I find this sooooo strange	26
I was going to say Tigres but then I reread the title and it said ‘big’	22
If it gets caught.. it can't.. breed😱	10
I know Bro! Won't happen again next Jan-uary.	4
It was definitely [NAME] goal. The stadium announcer incorrectly gave it to [NAME] though.	9
I worry about throwing draft picks around, but a guy like that is worth it IMO.	25
i appreciate the consistency of your values.	15
It looks like it may be some type of munchkin cat since it has short legs	7
Yes, I realize that. All my other relationships have been a year or longer but even a month into those I was miserable 	22
Debunked as in proven wrong. Again, he is a well known fool. Do yourself a favor and never take anything he says remotely seriously. 	2
If that’s true, and I’m inclined to agree, term limits are a bandaid on an open chest wound. 	4
Nah. Been over it pretty much since [NAME] said the Vikings did it too. Pretty hard to be mad when we were just as guilty.	24
Glad you're at least out of bed. Progress!	17
You clearly don't have a clue about [NAME] career so don't start worrying about it now.	19
Like and smash that subscribe button, I'll see you in the next video for my best v-bucks giveaway yet	13
Don't worry, no one agrees with [NAME]! I bet you're doing an amazing job.	4
Are you live streaming my living room right now?	7
I'm kinda the opposite. I always look dour and sad even when I'm not...	25
Sadly, I don't even think its that the Chargers aren't prepared its that the Patriots are good at game prep.	25
Really that's not very sad at all	10
Nostalgia is the best high. You get to enjoy what you liked with several cool new perspectives.	4
No. People just realized how dogs make good companions and the dogs in the US aren’t infested with various diseases compared to the ones in developing countries	22
Off topic your username is awesome.	0
Besides this and diablo immortal what else did this recently? I feel like there was one more big one but I cant remember what it was.	6
>call people faggots > lovingly describe the beauty and strength of a man's physique	18
I would love to jam with you guys but I would need to buy an instrument here :(	18
You know I never thought I'd celebrate someone's death, but once she goes I'm going to have to try very hard to not enjoy it...	25
TIL that TYL that this is both of their jokes. Even if it was like that is funny.	1
in away that smarter than the average six year old	0
That was actually pretty satisfying	0
They were not really messing around, just more frustrated. They genuinely were trying to move specialists around to get the best out of people.	2
I'll take the Akot 3 but man that shot is ugly	11
I remember that one. It was so painful to watch	25
I love the smell of Napalm in the morning	18
Can a gang member legally citizen arrest someone 🤔	7
Ditto!!!	4
Ahhh, I see. I thought you were saying they made you afraid of the sessions.	14
So like most of the pros you got more time to play blackout. Which is the only good thing about this game.	7
You are in the right here, and I support your actions	4
Good work if true!	15
I feel like he would be most people in a flat out race, those prosthetics look beastly (in the good way).	0
Congratulations! I'm sure your shoulders are much lighter now. You look absolutely gorgeous, keep killing it :D	0
My 8 year old niece enjoys them. 12 year old nephew thinks they're brilliant though :)	4
That's great to hear! I had no idea we actually helped so many people with just a dumb sign and some cookies.	0
I'm happy for you. May you and the boys have many happily ever afters!	20
This is scary.	14
Important part of this, surprising it's not there. 	26
If you were to ask me how my 2016 went, I could go on and on but politics wouldn’t even come up once	20
At least the bike was lighter than you ... poor cr50	22
Looks like a pretty good plate overall!!	0
Weird that it wasn't included in the article.	12
Back in my day the only bars you could find were real ones👴	4
Good because I've been waiting since September!	4
I like this	18
What if I dont want the service? Why should I be forced to purchase that service?	6
> I'm sure there are plenty of us who have been through it to. Seconded.	4
Hahaha I wish I was that witty at the time, I think I was still in naive shock at the rudeness of people in retail. 	1
This is the first time I've finished something so cringey. I'm dead inside, thanks. 	15
He told you to handle it, you did. If he doesn't like it, he should've taken care of it.	3
no, thanks for asking 	15
I love when [NAME] plays like this	18
Go on the website it’s super easy to get hired loading trucks that’s for sure	20
Thanks, I reached out	15
An angry old person yelling at a retail worker will never listen to reason.	2
The whole post reeks of troll.	11
"I mean they're just kids at the end of the day, the people yelling racist things are the ""adults"""	4
Haha your mom lol 😎😎. Having flashbacks of 4th grade rn	1
Yup that’s what people don’t seem to realize.	22
There's a lot big talk here that will look kinda dumb if we're third/fourth midseason. I hope we aren't being clowned halfway through the season...	20
I wish non-BPD people understood the pain of a relationship ending like we do. It's crippling and lasts forever.	8
£10 for copy pasting a wall of text from /r/gamerghazi? Why would I want to do that.	2
Sorry, I was misinformed. My apologies, brother in [NAME].	12
It’s more of a vibe tbh I love playboi carti as much as I love [NAME]	18
Then how can you say the rest is very red outside of nova when that is blatantly not true?	6
Wait do they really have 500 people? I've always assumed they are an indie developer group of like 20 people.	7
Fine, you're right, they should just have a random fascist activist.	4
Had she gone into the left shoulder before braking she may have had a chance.	20
> busy blasting stuff with plasma Sound like more fun.	17
So, I saw the video yesterday. I think there are real complaints by residents, but that video isn't normal, and absolutely crosses into antisemitism.	4
Happy Cakeday!	15
Nope, midwest. I'd bet there are a bunch of shops with the same stuff though. P.S. I love your name!	18
This could be an amazing metaphor for super smart AI’s. We’re the egg.	0
"I'm going to use ""my dicky has to perpetually get sticky"" as a line to pick up ladies. Wish me luck, guys!"	20
Great, but we can't just assume that that's the case and allow everyone to DevientArt the whole subreddit	0
Yeah cuz they don't exist lol	1
Missing this roster 😢😢😢	25
that would’ve tasted a lot better	22
happy cake day!	17
What a sad end for this franchise. I doubt Fallout 5 will redeem it at this point... what a damn shame	12
I guess the trick is not to eliminate susceptibility to 51% but to minimize it extremely.	22
It's legal now in quite a few states. People get booze for Christmas all the time. I'd be stoked.	4
No, don’t wait it out. Do everything you possibly can to lose it earlier in the meantime.	5
Omg, the kitty bites the knee and then looks at the human to gauge reaction.	26
False, if I'm close to the cart return I can't run and ride the cart back to the return. Lol	10
I have and i’ve also shot some ak’s they’re not too bad but i still prefer handguns despite the kick.	4
I didn't know that having the occupation of a journalist and the method of ones murder being beheading, gives ones death a special status. 	22
I’m fine with that. I’m happy to be banned from subs like that.	17
What I find disgusting is thinking you can be a liberal and a ecologist. Anyone has its own ideas I guess.	11
I think a budget PHD or DNP would cost me 35k so not happening.	10
Awesome!! Also, I have those same markers!	0
Idiots gonna idiot.	2
We did it, finally?! Idk weird timing.	6
Oh no I didn’t see that episode!? She pooped in the car?!	9
That pizza looks good	0
I draw with a wacom tablet, and I want to be an animator, maybe some game stuff down the line	8
I was just gonna post this haha. My fave my part	1
I find your lack of [NAME] disturbing.	3
I'm sorry for you, but that pic is in the wrong subreddit.	24
Nah, only [NAME] are cool for being bilingual.	4
Glad you liked the lesson, don't forget to SMASH that like button and click on the bell box below to join the NOTIFICATION SQUAD	0
I understand that there are exceptions but saying a knife is as dangerous as, or more dangerous than a gun is a little ridiculous.	3
if HL in offensive stance dodges it, then doesn't raider also dodge it? Or is that fast recovery into moves that are not dodging again?	7
Thank you, I always try to keep professional (despite their lack of it). I will definitely do Glassdoor	15
Happy belated cakeday.	17
Or, orrrrr. All Girls Poop Mindset Only video you need to naturally have confidence when you socialize All Girls 	3
Anyone want adopt a dog while we are at this discussion lol?	1
I honestly can't tell if your being sarcastic or not with this comment.	6
Yay I feel so uplifted!!!	13
Democrats never had complete control, that is a common misconception/lie.	10
"You offered her the wrong ""services"" /s (obviously I hope)"	3
No that's plenty, you've already proved the original comments point even further.	4
Gonna warn you, that path is a lot more dangerous than you would think...	14
Almost feel bad for him, but then I realized he did this to himself. 	22
His mind is free of anxiety he is now able to concentrate	4
There is such a thing as too big, but this ain’t it, chief. Any bigger I would probably agree.	10
A year later the store closed because they don't know how markets work	10
been there dont remember where exactly it is but so much fun	1
Go forth and get rated, my child. 	5
So it's like the first game then? The only thing they took out was the fully-destructible environment? Did they do anything else?	7
HOLY FUCK THAT WAS BEAUTIFUL!!	0
I believe it	4
This converstaion reminds me of this old [NAME] cartoon. Apparently some people were upset by it.	9
That last bit is part of the embarrassment, actually.	12
I'll look into it, thank you! :)	15
He told you that he hates your friends because they don't beat you up? That is so disgusting!	11
I think dogs should vote!! It's alright. We're your friends now. Cheers, pal!	4
Well, it did just win a golden globe, so maybe a few more people will see it because of that	4
I’m so nervous!	19
I'm so happy this whole group of lines was poster. It made my day...	17
Put away the screen and go outside. You'll feel much better.	5
I love the 'Keep it simple' style! Hope mod won't sleep at this. :D	18
That sounds wonderful.	17
I mean… yeah? So glad to be at that age where the conversation would be more uncomfortable for them than for me.	17
Aw here goes!	13
I feel a connection to this woman	18
I like you. You're smart, cheeky, and funny. Well played.	0
That map looks interesting. I have always wanted an oil platform in game.	8
Oh look, it's alive. Who here secretly fed it?	26
Why on earth couldn't she just bring a hat from home if it was such a big issue to her? Lol.	1
What is his endgame? People are talking about him but this just makes him look bad.	7
I find it gross, especially when it starts to cool. Chicken is great but leave it out of my dip and off my pizza.	0
Thanks [NAME].	15
This is amazing!! Will it be integrated with the 7th heaven mod collection?	7
Uh... Where did *I* say skull. I didn't. I think you're replying to the wrong person.	6
At the time, pregnancy out of wedlock was a stoning for having extra marital sex. 	11
hey, that's me. Glad i'm done with the class, so much work	17
These [NAME] names are really beautiful!!!	0
Well I'll be darned.	20
I honestly would start at the beginning. Most things are still funny because you remember the events they make fun of.	1
Hopefully [NAME] is not included	20
Pretty sure we’re the ones being carried with no thunderlords...smh.	4
Omg! There's one in every family. And every classroom.	26
One time my 1 stopped right in 91st, I was able to get a good photo of the platform since they have some lights along it.	0
Exactly, if I recall right, the last tall forward in barca was [NAME] no?	4
inject that shit into my veins	3
Actually really like this one Edit: nice shoes too, v annoyed at resell prices 😔	3
I don't want a president who doesnt know anything about foreign affairs....no thanks.	10
"""oh that wasn't me, my baby brother must have grabbed my phone"" "	12
Omg I can't stop giggling lol!	1
Good luck with ur sales. Get an ig page going and backpack off thugpug hashtags. Be a lot easier then on here.	20
"Or talk like this. No one describes a super-computer like mind as ""intuitive."" It doesn't even really make sense"	10
I'm on your side with this one. At least you have some legs to stand on.	5
I’d kind of be kind of shocked if Chili wants us to hit mostly ground balls, especially with how hard the shifts are nowadays. 	26
I don't know how everyone is falling for this lmao. Cringing a bit.	9
Gorgeous. We headed to the Bob Hall pier to watch it on the beach.	0
Also, if for some stupid reason you want to pull a move like this, you better shoulder check 	5
And what about selling your precious mind creation to someone that doesn't deserve it?	7
You look Beautiful! Curls are wonderful!	0
Ah. I thought you meant ads in general. Sorry, bud! 	24
Sorry bucko r/necrophilia got taken down, I think your in the wrong place buddy. Here I’ll call you an Uber, take care of yourself. 	5
See but it’s so common an attitude that it didn’t come off that way	3
just asking a question... like I said I haven't been watching other teams much this year so Idk what players values are like right now...	6
The last thing I want on my team are former Eagles players. Fuck that team, the organization, and the shitty fanbase 	2
Nah you’re good. I’d rather date someone who never married/never had kids than the opposite.	0
This is weirdly funny to me	1
Sounds like you two have something in common.	4
Oh well, very nice then :)	0
The like is the worst of the bunch	3
Thank you 😁	15
"This is a ""lose in the 11th round of the shootout"" type game"	9
Well that’s sad. It might’ve been funny if it was fake.	25
Thanks for the explanation. This letter sounds kind of cool.	15
Lol. The majority of military jobs aren’t combat related.	1
It's none of your business. Stay out of it.	2
Damm!! I want to know what happened with [NAME] I think she stole his debit card?!	7
Same, these are awesome!	0
BUT WHY IS THE FELLOW HUMAN SHOUTING?	6
I would think preschoolers would be better at shitting than with sharing	22
It's not a recessed center, there's an edge cut out around the outside. It's from the melting pot, best fondue restaurant! 	0
Love it [NAME]	18
>@teamYouTube ok and thanks	15
Yeah, live it up so you get a free trip to the zoo.	4
If this is real it’s just the best thing I’ve ever come across. I’m still crying laughing after 10 minutes!	1
I mean, to be fair... She did say sorry. /s	4
No point trying to hang on to players who are not committed to the club. If this is true then good luck CHO, all the best. 	3
Go to about the 13 minute mark. It gets better for her.	5
...wasn't she recovering from pneumonia at the time?	7
> I'm not sure why more people haven't been suggesting a trade like this because it doesn't make sense for the Nets lol	6
Ahhhhhhh. The fine talent and craftsmanship of CNN	0
Understandable in this day and age of gaming.	4
*they were not* 😂 perfect. I’m sure they were - that mental image is pretty awesome lol	1
Thanks a ton again, and honeslty haha im so ready to get out and have my own life for once	15
Maybe you don't know that other parents are staying because you're not there?	6
I agree. I’d rather spend $500 a ticket to go to MetLife and watch it on the big screen with 75,000 other Jets fans.	4
Of course [NAME] doesn't like competition for his religious fantasies. That surprises no one.	4
That's cute	0
Yeah what do they expect? maybe they should realize if you push Gen [NAME] and under into poverty they won't be able to afford your crap.	3
This isn’t even them not getting it. They just misread it as a whole! Why bro lmao	1
He kept talking about Israel, its security, and how Arab nations are slowly welcoming them. How times have changed...	22
And you can amend a tax return. She can’t amend a terrible life choice like that.	10
Ah, I forgot humor can be objectively measured. 	22
I love [NAME] but its been 1 year	18
Thank you! I still cant believe someone could be so selfish and awful and deliberately try to ruin Christmas for kids. So awful.	15
"Lol I was just about to protest ""you can't know that!"" until I realized....."	22
you're a true hero	0
I’m pretty sure you can run as long as one of your parents is a US citizen (correct me if I’m wrong).	20
[NAME] bless your soul. Please keep us updated. HORRAY!	15
It's great having both [NAME] and [NAME]	0
An Asuka reference in fatlogic?! Love it.	18
I love having twins. They'll keep each other company in their room until about 7:30-8:00 every day. So nice.	18
[NAME] has stated that he's open to decriminalization. It's up to the legislature at this point.	4
Aah I hope he's okay. So glad it's back! Time to get creeped out tonight.	20
There’s a reason southern states have a massive teacher shortage. Please do yourself a favor a consider that before you take the leap.	5
[NAME] could be so valuable if we didnt rely on him to create	9
Sorry if this is ignorant but is that a wig?	24
If Android: YouTube Vanced is your new best friend. If IOS: sorry lol get a real phone	13
Lol same actually	1
Can a Purdue or Indiana fan independently verify?	7
O don’t know man, I think they’re doing this for him, that looks great	0
That’s so romantic!	18
Does she sleep with them all at once every time they hook up?	7
You are the smiley face killer	3
Kinda sad to laugh at people who really need serious help.	25
HAHAHAAHHHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAa no	1
The kid you're replying too is a known [NAME] stan lol, he's gonna argue with any narrative that [NAME] is close to [NAME].	1
Sorry that's a mistype. I mean equally irresponsible	24
[NAME] I hate plant thieves. They’re almost certainly ppl who should know better.	3
Yep. Still don't know what you're talking about. Come back when you actually read the pdf and become informed.	6
because my dogs wouldst know why I left. gotta give that little floof ball the best life he can have	20
It's a beautiful thing! Good luck!	20
I was linked the unarchived link and it has some important updates. Wish the OP wasn't so salty and linked the actual	8
You've never smelled a woman on her period? It's awful.	3
FOOD POISONING BAD BURRITO	9
im glad they have it but this should have really been introduced in DMC3	17
Thank you for your input.	15
Dig up, stupid! 	2
You are an absolute gem	15
I wonder if this is why the universe keeps expanding. Because we're constantly filling it up with new words and new sentences.	26
Omg the face	26
Very happy with this !	17
I love when [NAME] loses the ball then jogs back on defense	18
Yeah I’ll take my downvotes. Just a gut feeling	9
I absolutely agree 100%.	4
What's he building in there?	7
Am I lost?	6
I'd love him to get a pick6/scoop and score and chief slam on them	8
It is part of the political game unfortunately.	9
The Coming Home Network. And [NAME] is a convert who has really good books.	0
I’ll keep the fruits of my labor and my firearms thanks for the cute ideas though, sounds nice til it’s you in the breadline 	15
Wait until you’re at least 25 to get a tattoo. You’ll more than likely regret it otherwise.	24
Oooo thanks! Hopefully I’ll be home from work by then!	20
Wow Toxicity has been done thousands of times, becoming less and less original, try something new. NEXT! 	3
Honey is a cutie! My aunt and uncle have a dog named Honey too. 💗	0
These are great	0
Believe it or not, but I saw that he's a college instructor now	26
Fucking awesome tournament to watch, well done WePlay, grats to Maggo. The constructed meta ain't that stale!	0
Higher ranking officer? Also, I'm curious, do MP have authority in scenarios like this?	7
Yeah good life to you too. Let's hope you and your commie friends dont die of starvation and poverty in your glorious communist future.	20
Congrats dude!	15
I'm not a miner. I'm not a service but I run a full node for experimentation and learning. Do I help or hurt decentralization?	7
The customer’s a jerk but you’re really not very clear here.	3
That’s pretty amazing. You made me smile for sure today man. Cheers on a talent and a great setup.	0
Support this cause please. It saves lives	5
Look I don’t mean to be rude but w	3
It's near Brooklyn. Very woodsy, couple nice little antique shops. Most definitely the middle of nowhere.	4
This is horrible	14
Maybe you need some time get loss of that thought. Try to ignore it and just enjoy your luck.	5
aren't women supposedly great at multitasking?	7
Voter fraud is way too easy to pull off, I know from experience 	4
Yep, sure is. Have things gotten better for you, though?	5
That is an image that I will never be able to forget.	22
I love it	18
Wow, for some reason this made me really uncomfortable	12
This shirt is directly aimed at some very ugly individuals	11
Thanks man. You too	15
"The ""awesome"" shipping service that promises 2 days but still takes a week? Lol"	1
I mean, I try to just avoid grizzly bears, don't you?	7
I’d pass unless he cost nothing of significance.	20
Thanks for clarifying!	15
Gmod Wonderworld is a personal favorite and may be the most sadistic and hilarious thing [NAME] has done	1
When ever I’m feeling depressed or alone, I’ll just image you and think “it could be worse”.	11
I love you for making this	18
No,not a fan of cigarettes	10
"Join Wattpad! There are many great books and it's free :) If you want ""real"" books, [NAME] is definitely worth reading. "	4
this. faster, same pedaling but way less effort involved.	4
It's nothing on you. I just hate the idea from a justice standpoint. I strive for fairness as much as I'm able.	10
Are you surprised. He doesn’t do anything with himself	26
Thank you OP , I can finally look at a picture of [NAME] without vomiting. 	15
Searching is fun, and finding and learning all the spawns is satisfying.	20
[NAME] sorry it was rude not to @ you lol	24
Everything he does makes me love him, including his video application for his job at Polygon which is art.	18
Healthier and more disgusting.	11
Yea we're already in last place, those 3 missing assures nothing lol.	1
Yep. I’ve done a couple shoots at Hornsby small bore and one clay pidgeon day at Lucas Heights.	4
Lopez is a better rim protector but I get your point	0
Why is it an issue getting him off the 40-man roster? Just put him on the 60-day DL	6
> This is wrong on so many levels.	10
Love this man, take my updoot.	18
Yes, ~~jack~~ jake will be great too! Love the audio mixer with the old Spiderman soundtracks...looks very well produced...	0
No longer in LA but I really hope he can get reelected!	20
He’s not a young offensive mind and that offends people.	10
13 year old account, this guy is ancient. 	4
I really applaud you for your patience...	0
Worried about it escaping....now that's fresh food.	9
"I love how he calls himself a ""decent man"" and the other guy a ""douche"" even though he's the one who wants to fight him"	18
This is actually a really good idea	4
Man, dropping is rather dreadful but nothing’s more dreadful when you can reach into your pockets expecting it to be there and it isn’t 	14
I watched that game while coming down from a shrooms trip. [NAME] was magic. Still wear his jersey to shinny :D	1
Yeah keep filming your kid kicking a dog in the face. I'm suprised this isn't on r/funny	26
missed a good chance to copy the one the UNC football player wrote a few years ago for an A-	24
I have adhd whats so bad about it?	3
I thought it was mildly interesting and don't regret watching it.	24
I would love to accidentally get muscular... Instead of working my arse off to lose fat at the moment.	18
Just curious, why would that matter? Acting is playing a role, so how is it important that the character and the actor match orientations? 	7
noob spam haha	1
How stupid of [NAME] to rely on LibDems to stop the idea of referendum.	3
You are a wize man. This was a brilliant conversation	0
I wasn’t a fan of theirs on the show, but I am very happy for them both and wish them the best of luck in life 	17
Weird way to spell Voldo.	3
Ugh. Nice season from him, hoping he can build on it next year and play a bigger role at the world juniors.	20
I like it. It reminds me of Aphex Twin but I also hear modest mouse melodies and rhythms. I'm a fan of both	18
It's amazing how people will tell you not to go for something, but then are the same ones who can't go 2 minutes without it.	3
Well.... it’s even more weird to drink the milk of other species..so...	11
Why is it ethically wrong for him to lose half his shit? In what context?	7
I love how they have it on the dog. Imagine a fur missile going after a suspect flashing red and blue.	18
Absolutely same.	4
I Will! Thank you. I have applied for gaelic studies. (Bet not many international students do that but hey, it's a lovely language)	15
Which is stupid because conversations about race and slavery in America are primarily about race in slavery in America.	3
Lmao, okay little buddy. Have a nice day. 	20
Yeah I'm glad he got caught. What a piece of crap.well at least he won't be a virgin in jail anymore haha	17
That’s a real article ? Oh [NAME]...	26
That's pretty bizarre, BF4 has always had a strong	0
It's just a really good impression. The actual voice is a bit deeper.	0
You're being a total narc, bro. You're so narcoleptic.	3
Especially because [NAME] best piece of comedy on the whole show was her impersonation of Shangela's [NAME].	1
It bugs me just how many people move over to be on camera	3
You can still check your feelings and then see how they’re messing up your facts.	22
I tell them I've been a fan since the very beginning of the franchise, so there's no way I could be a bandwagoner	3
You really can't. So just dont worry about it	5
Bunch of incels	3
"Thank you. Apparently simply stating ""it's from a comic called ""supply side Jesus"" wasn't pedantic enough for that guy."	15
I like this person.	18
ah. I see :) Still brave of you.	0
I will, thank you! 	15
would love to know more about your experiences with them and where to find them.	7
It isn’t lol just saw a string of comments like this. Probably isn’t him though	1
I hate that attitude, as if it's every woman's, purpose, dream, and personal duty to reproduce.	3
Great, another article from a guy who thought making [NAME] the head coach was the answer.	0
I know I should be worried, but I am not, which makes me very worried. 	14
Ladies and Gentlemen........We got him	17
2005? I think we might be the same person lol. What a terrible year. I go back to that one a lot.	14
Amazing that Aunt [NAME] wouldn't genuinely reflect on her her behavior, or realize that she is raising a spoiled, rude child.	0
Thanks- I'll take your advice.	15
Why hasn't he been made GM yet???	2
I hope this becomes regular for you both. 👍🏾👍🏾	20
Wow, well I think that game just aged me 5 years...	26
[NAME]?? C’mon, that’s a pretty good pull. 	0
Boiled peanuts are my happy food.	17
You okay, buddy? 	5
Surprises me how a dude that let his keyboard get to this point even cares enough to clip his nails in the first place.	26
thanks. I really hope it does get better	15
Currently listening and loving it.	18
They’re all nothing but a pack of liers and should all be thrown in jail	2
Nice. Spotted it having a feed of quandong as well by the looks of it.	0
Thank goodness for that!	15
In the wild, it’s expected that something unexpected will always happen i guess 	20
I play around 2hs per day since launch. 1/2 Cuz I like the game. 1/2 In hope for a new expansión/fix to get the players back X:	4
You're definitly an asshole, or a troll. Maybe both.	2
Fingerprints not [NAME] or [NAME] red is [NAME] don’t just make things up now that is sad !	25
Yep, it would be super easy. Honestly makes me regret not doing that to the flames sub... /S kind of	4
That’s not proof.	10
It's a really fun game and is a great way to hang out with friends. Hope you have fun!	1
Welcome to the future, kid. Unfortunately your mom isn't coming.	15
I keep getting my posts removed and banned from that sub. 😒	10
Yes! I love their responses to anyone who comments. So much shade.	18
Oh trust me, I thought of that - but I felt as though the phallic shape would cheapen the resemblance to feces 	22
Isn’t it against company policy to sell things in the store that have nothing to do with Starbucks	7
Yeah I was impressed with it too! I've to pay to see results of responses past the 100th one but other than that it's top notch	0
There’s a big difference between “I felt bad for her but there was nothing I could do” and “not my problem.”	9
Ok, thanks!	15
And now Horse Armour is totally normal. In fact, Horse Armour is now extremely reasonably priced DLC, relatively speaking.	22
They’re as good as tagged	0
I'm very open to doing anything to help me abstain. This seems very helpful I'd love to know more.	8
I read it on NRK as well. Brought tears to my eyes.	25
Akshon Esports do amazing and high quality content for Artifact, crazy they get so few views on their videos.	0
Deservedly so too. Tbh I think you must be the favourites.	4
It’s really 90%, which is what the customer is told. Corporate isn’t real smart when it comes to signage. 	4
TSM would be cool	4
Some disturbing thoughts, but I hope you’re in a better place now pal. 	20
I love this. Kids just live in the moment which makes them so unaware of so many things.	18
I love this woman.	18
Thanks I had heard this advice, Almost botched it in November.	15
We did it [NAME], we stopped racism	21
True. And he's free to leave if he doesn't get it. Relationship is a dance	4
Who had sent him threatening notes last week.	3
If she is an INFJ they can be quite caustic and verbally abusive at times.	11
Motor Kombat was awesome. Goofy as hell, but awesome.	0
Sounds like you need to get some help /s	5
He is a douche, but I love that douche!	18
Stotts raising Nurk's usage rate is making me a happy fan	17
Actually made me feel worse. Kids are always back there, death would have been guaranteed had they any.	25
Please tell me you were buying something extremely embarassing!	12
I actually really like it the way it is now! The pink sky with only a few clouds is different and very cool.	17
thank you so much! :)	15
I love seeing satan... I mean saban upset	18
Thanks. Screw the cancellation rate, it’s worth denying <4.7. Good to know!	15
I'm pretty sure you killed me. I got killed by a pounder on a plane on that very same map 2 days ago or so lol	1
> Woo that sadness out Welp, never gonna be able to have a night out on the town again without this coming up	25
I want one....i dont care who.... Unarmed charecter	8
I hope the bleeding didn’t last long	8
The fact that her pillows are brown is way more disturbing to me	3
True. I just always enjoyed the atmosphere of that place. And a couple of the sandwiches weren't bad at all.	17
Reminds me of that chick and the lizard, [NAME], and 7-11 tried to get the store number lol	1
For some reason, I thought this was one of his Bros trying to save him from her.	5
Omg, the hands touch the chicken, go off screen and then touch the salt. My mind is contaminated with Salmonella. 	26
Thats beyond shockingly bad. A new level of terrible. Wow...	26
Enjoying it. It makes shaving my head easier.	17
General population are scared of press	14
Out of curiosity, about how many students were in the class?	7
Should of just stabbed her up tbh why let someone steal from you	2
Wow! I just played my self	1
Looks expensive. Hope you enjoyed the game!	20
That looks absolutely awful. On the good side, whoever made it, can only get better.	11
Do I wish people with face tattoos wouldn't be judged? Hell yes! But I'm not ignorant or Delusional enough to believe this.	10
If she was in that mode, why would this guy even be in consideration for a Super Bowl date? 	7
I’m upvoting for the misuse of the meme because so many people get their panties in a bunch over it.	4
Is it really that common for charedim to get semichah outside of Chabad?	7
So what should I do?? I’ve been dating her for eight years and am confused on what to do please help me.	6
bless. wish you more beautiful days ahead!	5
Watch [NAME] left arm and hand as he's on the floor. Scary.	14
Goddamnit [NAME] back at it again...	3
Damn, he sold all out for that kick	2
I’m a left-leaning libertarian, and it annoys me that the left won’t have an honest conversation on immigration and border security.	3
Give it time.	4
Things did not go well on Eros Station...	25
#QUIT HURTING THE BIRDS	25
I could drive my fucking van through there!	2
Thanks for reminding me not to have kids	15
Show down there heretic. You obviously meant to say: Unquestionable truth, any diversion from what seems to be true only comes from our own limitations. /s	3
To be fair he probably is saying that.	4
Happy new year to you too! :>	13
And based on the film of [NAME] novel *Johnny Got His Gun*, both worth checking out.	0
No, it would not. How the hell is that evidence that [NAME] didn't commit the crime?	2
This is a good step. Refusing to vaccinate your kids should be considered child abuse.	0
I was once married and now I live alone. Some weekends, I don’t speak to anyone and don’t go out. Pure heaven. 	12
This is pretty funny	1
Classic Leslie!	0
This is disturbing.	3
That definitely hurt	25
Give me sunshine from Clemson in a few years lol	1
What a load of crap !!	11
Same, also no parking so they need to pull in the busy road outside my house. They must hate me.	12
I’m happy he made it and not [NAME]	17
My first thought was ahh who was the RuPaul contestant with the insane legs? [NAME]!! Legs for dayssssss!! Thanks for saving my brain!	6
War is quite different than state sponsored democide.	4
These refs have it out for the colts. I didn't realize we traded our MVP 11 to KC either.	22
The cutest.	0
I wish I had seen this as a teenager :(	8
[NAME] hire a mod and write up some rules! Is this a text based story sub or images or videos or chaos?	7
They are always a fun time.	1
"If that's true, then you can't call what I would have with option 1 ""omnipotence""."	4
almost [NAME] can do it !!	4
Fuck yea!	2
Yeah it looks like it	4
Oh but that was like a positive love story. It didn’t really showcase all the problems with online dating.	4
I'd hate to see the [NAME] be reduced to a drunk junker. You know, like REYS parents are. 	10
gorgeous pic!	0
An indie rock guy I loved used dialectics to explain his songwriting process, it was weird.	12
I'm sorry I imagine that was devastating.	25
Yeah how dare the puck not magnetize to [NAME] stick. Not his fault at all.	2
First chance to open reddit today, am not disappointed in this being my top post in my feed. Thanks. 	15
55 here. Of course, I could never catch me one of those wonderful incels.	9
The drop is the best part of the rollercoaster! :)	0
"Oh, well when I said ""we"" I didn't mean Reddit, lol. My bad if that was unclear."	1
don’t curse mmeEEEE !	2
Oops. I assumed, wrongly, that it was the same person.	12
You dont know how much that boosted my self-esteem right now. Thank you stranger	15
i love folksy cities skylines man	18
Didn’t mean to offend, sorry if I did. I’m a firm believer in less glass( phones) and more flesh/blood. 	24
At least she didn't cough into it afterwards. Double whammy	23
What interests do you have?	7
"I thought the army would be like the top image. ""Then why the fuck did you sign up as a [NAME] OP"""	2
I have no shame to say I know the dances and most of the live shows. SHE IS MY QUEEN	0
A joke is subjective pal, second of all you need to mature/grow up and get a taste of the real world before giving your political opinions.	17
I saw at least one user on this forum talking badly about [NAME] for missing playing time.	10
Beautiful shot. It goes through my back yard every day.	0
Coherence, The One I Love	18
And good riddance!	0
Is it really up to $11?	7
And now you manage a gym on base ..or..?	7
Stay strong.	5
Damn. Didn't know [NAME] was still making videos.	26
I remember when I started showering every day as a kid. Everyone's first thought was I had a girlfriend.	22
Other than family, I neither remember the last time I got a compliment 	22
Congratulations puppy, here have some cake.	13
Thankkks and np	15
Sweeter than ever.	0
Federal employee here. My amazing tenant offered to pay two months in advance to help with my cash flow.	8
Thank you for the references!	15
I don't know how I feel about this. There's the story going around that [NAME] turned into a diva once he got paid.	6
Never said that. Not once. Punishment isn’t slavery. Unless you’d rather just kill lawbreakers	2
THERE'S A WAR COMING, NED. I DON'T KNOW WHEN, I DON'T KNOW WHO WE'LL BE FIGHTING...BUT IT'S COMING!	14
The shocking conclusion.	26
Then getting irrationally angry when they don’t see it your way.	2
MAKE A MORE DETAILED STORY OF THAT. ALSO MAKE UR OWN SUBREDDIT (r/amusementparkshenanigans). UR A GOOD STORYTELLER	0
Congrats dude!	15
I almost didn’t get that until I heard her voice	22
Stranger: **Compliments me** Me: I'M SORRY!!	24
Fair enough good point	0
"It's more like ""Get tinder or any of the apps and get rejected hundreds of times a day"""	10
Your belief is literally killing children	2
enjoy that vodka, [NAME]	17
Snuggling with my boyfriend	18
The coolest of beans my friend	4
That's great! You got this!	0
You’re so close:) hope you can get one	20
Indifferent before leaving. Indifferent after. Although hasidic [NAME] are fucking mental.	2
There is nothing adorable about that terrifying man	10
Good [NAME] she needs to stop	10
I didn't realize it's been posted that often! Good to know. It was new to me:)	22
You know, ive always wondered how a car could get in a position like that	26
Yet here you are mad about [NAME] being apathetic.	2
Hahah you right. Please don't tell any birds!	17
Your passion for [NAME] literally put a big smile on my face. Stay wavy!	17
You’re looking at hard time mate	24
I would trade any and all players, no one except maybe [NAME] at this point 	4
>...fresh fruit and fish. Sounds like paradise!	0
I can't tell if the is comfortable in that outfit	6
That’s the hardest part for some to get over, but hobbies help and getting yourself up and out of the house and spending time with friends	4
I appreciate your honesty.	0
Idk I sort of loved seeing rich kids get stranded on an island with nothing but retired 737s to get them home.	18
Yeah [NAME] is a pretty weird guy.	4
I’m really starting to like that kid	18
That’s funny cause in the movies subreddit everyone was happy about black panther because of skin color.	4
Thank you ladies !	15
wow, there really is “somethin” for everyone ...	26
What was fluky about the 2012 Quakes? They won fair and square and they did it the MLS way	7
Dumpster fire. I cant quit you Edmonton!!	3
I was about to reach out to mine - this situation is nearly the same and your post just saved me from a huge mistake! Thank you	15
All the game modes are super fun	13
Or take it further: Try showering with just hot water. You might be surprised at how clean you get.	26
Damn. I didn't realize they just aren't getting paid right now.	22
I want to make friends too :( but I feel like I have nothing good to offer	9
Huh. That’s kind of crazy.	13
Where are all the memes about tops ending up with another top? Cause trust me, it sucks just as much, if not more. 	7
I understand that the fear that you will need to have surgery is very upsetting. But, there is no legal case here. 	9
Poor *wittle* snowflake feels harassed, hahaha. If you don't want people to prove you're a moron, maybe don't make it so obvious.	1
Ah, I remember the first time I got scope bite, we all had a good laugh and I got glass in my eye	1
Thanks for the reply. And I'm not gonna do that, no worries. I just enjoy getting knowledge about everything on the earth.	15
she does look like a hooker though lol	1
19 is still considered a teen right? If so, here I am! At least until March. 	7
Those are female toes. Busted!	2
Thanks for explaining it to me! I did have an adaptor thing to connect to HDMI, I will double check tonight	15
What do you think is an unacceptable percentage level?	7
Luckily, everyone regrets MySpace. 	9
She looks really pretty	0
huh. if there’s no pain, you’re fine. maybe just use spray on like axe or something to detour the smell 	4
That makes me feel even pettier. Thanks!	15
Thank you.	15
I don’t see the yes yes yes yes part. Just one big no.	10
Not incel related	10
thank you! he’s a boob and his wife is a fool...	15
I think we have the same grinder. Love the bong!	18
These stupid fucking cunts don’t even use “shade” correctly, [NAME] would toss them off the pier.	2
Child: Dad, what's science? Dad: I don't know son, we're republican.	6
"Read it again. Your response shows you didn't understand what I said. ""YES"" = yes you need a degree."	4
"Its supposed to be an ""eye opener"" to those claiming the winning team was lucky. I am not saying either is correct."	4
Oh cool! I don’t drink, but I’m sure a store would have some ready to throw out or something!	4
I wonder how [NAME] prepares his food.	26
I have this in my waiting list, I can't wait to see it. 	13
Huh that’s her?! She appears on this sub every 3 days and she looks *so different* every time!!	6
Hopefully once [NAME] comes back, ZAR has earned a spot on the 2nd line LW.	20
This would, honestly, imo, be a better response than what we've gotten so far. 	0
Yeah right like they always talk about themselves why can’t I gets me so pissed off	4
Where are my testicles, [NAME]? Edit: thanks for the silver!	15
I love pasta and sushi more than anything! :)	18
It would be terrible if he died and they put his head in a jar or something	14
Dude, it made *me* reflect a little. Side note, what a wonderful username.	0
Wow. He might actually lose Iowa	26
What the fuck? Really? That’s horrible. That’s probably illegal. If it isn’t, it should be.	11
No problem, good luck	20
I like you. WHO WANTS TO TAKE CELEBRATORY SHOTS WITH ME???	7
Haha epic gamer moment	1
I like to hope I can convert some of mine.	20
LPT: As soon as you wake up make a repost, your virtual internet points will make you feel better.	20
I buy and sell iPhones and January has been slow for me too. Good luck to all of us.	20
Very true. Apologies if it came off that way.	24
It’s a shame that the name of the man doing the kicking is lost to history.	9
I'm sorry [NAME]. I won't do it again.	24
Now remember, if something goes wrong, let's not get the law involved, one hand washes the other. Oh, that reminds me. 	22
I would point to [NAME] razor: Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity.	3
Be good-looking.	5
None of the [NAME] said please or thank you to the waitress	15
Its not exactly what I thought it was gonna be either, but its okay, there's a lot of food.	4
ah, if only i could hug a beautiful and understanding woman and cry all my depression around her neck.	0
I think she's funny lol. She'd have a better chance at a comedy career than modeling.	1
Also thanks to 4chan	15
I came here just to bask in this thread. Yesterday was wonderful....it was just wonderful.	13
I also think license should be spelled liscence btw, so don't feel bad	23
It's even worse when one considers that they are intent on moving to Europe and that by moving to a developed region their carbon footprint will increase significantly.	3
Thank you for sharing, that was some very big-brained marginalia. Now remember to wash your penis and clean your room before you play minecraft	15
cool cool...	17
Lol I don’t think it’ll change anything.	1
They’ve always been bad my guy	3
~~Comrade~~ [NAME] I'm appalled that you would accuse me of using performance enhancing drugs. Neigh! Neigh I say!	14
Yeah -- a woman who expects a guy to never even think about other women for the rest of his life is a special kind of delusional.	0
Please. Sorry.	24
Just remember to refrigerate it and not leave it out.	5
Those got me once when I was about 6 because I wanted to go up two steps at a time. I still do that to this day...	8
I'm surprised she could operate a suitcase.	26
😻 that's a line if I ever saw one	22
I thought I was the only one who loved cold pizza! Everyone thinks I’m crazy! I’d rather have cold pizza than hot honestly	18
NO absolueltey wrong. WE MUST PRIORITIZE GETTING CORPORATE MONEY OUT OF POLITICS OR WE WILL NEVER BE ABLE TO SOLVE ANOTHER PROBLEM IN THIS COUNTRY.	22
[NAME] and the Chicago Wolves (I'm so sorry)	24
I’m to scared to tell them :(	14
bleh. You would think 160 reps in and I wouldn't have that problem. Thanks for the insight.	15
Loving the circle-jeck hate, how about not getting so triggered by other people taking offense at an ad	18
That's just... Wow. I would've called CPS on her.	0
No? This is literally saying that a wall would be useless, unless you also wanna build 40-50 feet beneath the ground.	10
I can’t wait!!!	13
>I don't care either way. Good. Then stop making asinine comments on the matter.	3
The commies will be much less sympathetic if they get the chance.	20
What would be the best place to search for teammates then	6
Shit's going down in Zim. 6 people killed yesterday by army and over 200 arrested.	25
It was less painful than a bee sting! I felt so silly afterwards!	25
Only blurred photos, but could be something I suppose. Here's to hoping	8
Lmao god damn	1
Not really. Relying on someone you can't trust is bad. Sometimes relying on someone is the only happiness you'll get.	22
You went from hot to hot, that’s crazy!	0
It’s spam	3
Adding a few projectile characters only made the game better, not worse. Bars can go though.	4
Would that be seen as a scam? I mean I would think taking advantage of people with below average IQ would be a violation of the NAP	7
Same thing I thought haha	1
Oh, right -- hospital scene faxing the sketch of [NAME]? I just realized.	22
Nicknames like that get me all hot and bothered.	3
Why is there no equivalent sub for the wimminfolk (and anyone else who cares to join) to oogle in?	7
Lets fuckin do this	13
De un tronco a otro. I hope they wake up!	20
>But a leader who strikes fear Like when people were worried [NAME] might murder them?	7
Ohh that's in season I like that one	18
Just be GOOD at what you do, and fade the chase 	5
Cheers, girl! But yeah, he could return her, but no refund or exchanges for him! 	4
Damn... That means a lot. Thank you!	15
Well Played	0
thanks <3	15
Lol Question for you. Why do you believe everything presented to you?	7
If you still have fish or plants, I would love to take them. Unfortunately I don’t have space for another tank	18
Shit dude I thought I was Mr. [NAME]? Here have some beans lol	1
I have nothing to offer you but my love.	18
Turning the Sunny Side Up into a Shitty Side in All Directions. Love it!	18
It's been deleted, we can't even see what it was now (unfortunately). 	25
I had my skin half ripped off thanks to a belt machine. Never got my arm close to the belts	15
Keep it going. Love your hot takes on this sub.	18
u/TheQTVain praying for your little fighter. Hope everything goes well and he comes out in good health. Stay strong and let [NAME] do his thing ❤️	20
That was a perfectly crafted joke and I see nothing wrong here.	1
>Yes. I’m an idiot. Checks out.	3
I love the fact that he is a complicated character makes it challenging	18
This happened to me 6 months ago and I am still hurt and actively trying to talk to her... Idk how to stop	6
I remember thinking how smart I was then. /s	0
Seriously, someone out there has to love this dumpster fire TV show enough to edit some videos	18
Man I wish they wouldn’t	20
That's not an actual thing you realise? No one is that stupid.	3
thank you so much we do in fact [NAME]	15
So what? The LW doesn't. want. more. children.	3
I'm sorry. That's awful	11
My [NAME] this Administration is somewhere between the mafia and the three stooges	26
Yeah I know day of the dead is real thing but they way [NAME] portrayed it was so much better than anything I've seen	0
Very curious why there is no other competition in this market space	7
This sum GTA 5 type shit right here.	3
yes, please do I'm worried about her D:	14
I love you too, no homo.	18
I would like to thank this game for being over on time. :)	15
Says one of the two people who keeps on responding to each comment with a very poorly argued position lacking both in research and in common sense.	3
I thought the sane until I got threatening emails from HR	22
CUE THE MUSIC!!!	17
I’ll give this a look. Thanks for consideration.	15
I’m so sorry :/ always happens to the ones who deserve it the least. feel better♥️	24
This wasn't exactly aimed at the national brain trust.	10
How can he balance like that with those massive balls of steel he obviously has?	7
You said the words I couldn’t find in my head. That’s what I was trying to say the whole time! Thank you.	15
Fair enough.	4
Sick of that stupid floss dance	3
What’s a leppo?	7
Does anybody ever tell you guys that you're doing a good job? Because they should. You're doing a good job.	0
Good guy for real.	0
I'm with you, pulju has been looking dangerous lately	14
I bet you're not the only one. That space is kinda safe... go be slightly challenging. ;)	4
Lol no.	10
Love your /u/ so much.	18
Isn't Marquis literally a noble title and not his actual name. I don't think being nobility counts as a fair expectation for the modern youth.	10
30 Rock is the best. I'm currently on my 1st rewatch of The Office and it's still just as good as I remember it.	0
what about the balls!?	7
His name is [NAME]. He's kinda funny, you should check out his other work.	1
Thanks! I was probably going to look in the Midwest	15
Oh come on, can you just enjoy the damn picture?	3
Looks pretty dope.	0
You also have the option of making it quite unique. Would be a delight to see if you got it!	13
Playing the golden oldies eh?	7
Should I say (sent to all) after I say snap back to snap more?	6
we got good at breakaways!!	17
This doesn't solve the problem of people using controllers, they make it harder for everyone low rank or not	10
Idk, my fleshlite addiction is pretty costly	6
I guess a little research goes a long way. [NAME] is the last speaker with the 20 dollar example. Stay strong all!	5
Too bad that's not the case. I'm happy I'll one day die.	3
Because killing the same mice twice is very tricky	22
This offense is just painful to watch.	11
So we got Summer’s model now. Team STRQ flashbacks next volume?	7
Heh, unfortunately true. Especially with US medical system which mostly refuses euthanasia of any kind.	4
wow that’s really some hate there. I hated [NAME] in the Office too, but he got okay since the third run	2
Wait what are the stereotypes? As a bi male I'm a bit curious to find out what others think in like.	7
Kill it with fire.	2
Plot twist, they're all looking at a mirror because everyone there is a beautiful student	0
Yeah well you’re a horrible [NAME]	10
So 7 years of playing the game (started playing at 15 and is 24 now). Ridiculous.	1
Just cleaned my room	4
I love posts like this because they make me feel so much better about being vegan.	18
So I'm being unsafe. I'll work on that, thanks.	15
It's crazy, just something small like that, can make a man forget about all his troubles. I wish I new what that felt like 🙄	8
Was he good back then?	7
I saw the video. It was more awkward than anything.	11
Yes you can, you need to worry about em for a little while ago obviously doesn't handle as well as like 500lb heavier.	4
Every time one of our players enter top form they get injured.	25
I love this drink.GIF	18
SDAs are [RELIGION] tho lol	1
**GET OUT NORMIES! OUT!**	2
[NAME] comment has me laughing	1
If [NAME] gets 350M+ from anyone we should be glad we didn't get him.	20
I agree. I’d love to keep [NAME] around but recognize it might not be possible.	4
What?! And you’re not a vegetable?! /s	26
I was in the top 3 on solo and lost solely due to buddy having 2 concussions.	25
I'm just tired of feeling the same way everyday it's really grinding me down, that sucks about your summer school.	3
As ironic as it sounds but her being a non factor is what ultimately won them the game (compared to inting [NAME])	4
I'm so gay I can't even drive straight - a bumper sticker older than most redditors	19
Maybe? I was def too busy going “ohmygawd motherfucking KING SHARK!?! 🦈 “ to notice	2
hmm today i will listen to death and destruction	16
Just curious, would it be logged on the system if they were accessed?	7
Uh, yeah. That was a dumb question and if you thought it was going somewhere you re dead wrong.	10
Yes! And also when you accidentally look at someone and think that they think that you're checking them out or something.	4
If hes married and a decade down the road and tells her im sure itll be nothing more than a great laugh lol	1
This is one of my favorite details/hidden views in the entire city.	18
I'm underweight anyways, somebody hand me an English to (whatever language) translation book.	12
i love this video	18
[NAME] did nothing wrong	4
The guy with the camo comment is correct. r/woosh	4
This is disgusting. *secretly gets horny* I've had it with this sub. *opens new incognito tab*	11
Good work, friend. 	0
That's the best treasure I could every hope to find	0
somebody's sad lol lol	1
Had to upvote just because of how wholesome this comment feels	7
I thought it was going to cut to them still trying to get it out of its mouth! When the kid was holding it again I lost it	9
True, I am not a fan of [NAME] or anyone really. I did not mean to make so many people mad.	3
Lol, nah, that team was nothing more than nyxl and friends. Nyxl coach, and mostly nyxl players.	1
That shit really just made my night. Haha	1
KS looks like a prime target for democrats to prove that they can help rural [NAME], I hope that they do good things here.	8
I was so worried for the kitty the whole story.	19
“stay still” the best and most timely advice you’ll ever get.	5
Uh...no	10
Living here. Now my daughters biggest aspiration is to leave this place, and I can’t say I blame her. 	25
>the satisfaction of knowing how bent out of shape you're getting What a sad existence.	25
He's a cool guy, he just had a rare lapse in to verysmart territory 	0
That’s awesome! Good call :) settling my alarm now m/	0
Dont break NC. Bring doggo inside and warn the grandparents. Unless theres a good doggo beach/park nearby then maybe go out instead	3
Oh, doi. Makes total sense now. Boy I really hope I get fired for this blunder.	8
Why so may downvotes?	7
excuse me IS THIS AN ANALOGY	6
Continue the positivity!	4
as much as I could tolerate - sadly I gave you a view.	25
[NAME] just might be the hardest working man in hockey.	0
[NAME] YES!!!	4
r/suddenlytrans? This is totally a joke I'd make if I grew	1
WHY [NAME]?	6
I heard a fade in/out version of palpatine’s screech in my head just now. Lol	1
Ok but who’s gonna take one for the team and make their flair “eats Xanax and moves on”	4
“I am going to be going through a nasty divorce in a few years so I will need the money.” - [NAME]	25
That logo looks cool in the morning lol almost cyperpunk	17
That's a lovely thought, really awesome of you. Don't know personally but you could try contacting the Seoul International Women's Association (SIWA).	0
You progressively lose more of your money!	20
Since 1987 it has been like this, I love this team and this sport.	18
I'm so jealous!	3
You die > mom will be sad	25
I agree with the last paragraph, it isn't there fault the other side didn't want to participate though. 	4
Astonishing. I've read about these people but have never met one. I am so relieved for you that she is out of your life.	23
>it should be **illegal** to teach **religion** to young children Do you believe in a separation of church in state though?	10
I’ll be there later this year. Can’t wait.	13
That is so adorable. Her username as well.	0
These disgusting old hags are literally old school flesh-consuming ghouls. Like [NAME] or [NAME].	11
That, and truthers. Like, why? It just makes everything else she says seem suspect to the average person regardless of how sound it is.	6
Lol he did didn't he. Sounds like a race to the bottom.. filled with cockends	1
Thanks mate. I'm going to repeat your words to myself until I start believing them. Thanks for giving me a bit of hope :)	15
Yes. But it’s still KFC so there’s a long way to go.	22
The chubby one scurrying away against the baseboards has me cracking up. Typical hamster.	1
Oh got it	4
It’s a circlejerk that’s so strong it could power a small country	0
Kinda surprised he listed [NAME] and [NAME] in particular, but not [NAME]. I guess this is the Leafs spotlight working in real time here.	26
I can see the rippled sandy bottom, the shark is clearly visible, the surface is near. I feel ok 😁	4
😭😭 okay. You’re right! I should just like make ice cream at home and get over it.	4
A shame our driver education programs in the U.S. are pretty much a joke as compared to those in Germany.	1
Stay strong! Get well soon!	5
A complete lack of self-reflection is a prerequisite for being a [NAME] supporter.	9
You had great seats!	0
Wonder how the iPhones working out	26
Don’t take this seriously man, I was joking.	1
The House comes and goes every few years. Judges hang on until they die. Congrats on the House.	0
Hey its me [NAME]	13
Unfortunately half the country are not being reasonable.	9
Escape and after some time then die, this is a pretty bad advice so just don't do it	5
Incorrect. I'll go with what [NAME] tells me thanks.	10
That’s awesome.	0
Yeeeeaaaaahhhhh, im gonna need a source on that 40% statistic	8
FYI: Time in Europe works the same as in the State. We do not have 'weird time'	3
Sitting there dreaming of hot girls coming up to you in your room is better.	4
As a person who lives in NYC, I couldn't possibly agree more	10
Thank [NAME] for you	15
How does that work on joystick though? Never played on console, is this still a problem?	7
oh wow, that's great news! 12 episodes of a good show always leave me on my appetite!	0
Ah I had no idea!	6
In that conversation it was the girl being boring and closed... sometimes it’s not your fault and people feel they’re the ones being awkward	12
Cheers, [NAME]!	17
Venetian Snares x [NAME]. Amazing	0
I would be surprised if she's doesn't have at least 1 kid	26
This hurts me more than the fan meme.	25
And then they clapped and gave you $100, I'm sure	3
What a (morbid) analogy - I like it!	18
omg ;; my boy heavy	26
I'm not responding until you point me where any of my statements contradict cut and clear	3
11 seconds. I'll try harder next time.	20
It's been 10 minutes, I'm still laughing 😂😂😂	1
I’m not an Aub man. Check the flair.	10
Not at all!	10
wait... so are ugly people downwoted all the time or they don't post or what is going on here...	6
It's cute to hear that teens are still having mall dates--I thought those died out 15 years ago.	0
Calling Hollywood...would make a great movie.☺	0
Funny enough OP is a gooner	1
I don't like [NAME] but I'd never wish this fate to any parent.	10
Save money and find a good partner so you can be financially stable with someone you love and do whatever you want the rest of your life.	5
M'goodboy. His mommy better give him plenty of tendies and honey mussy for his good manners.	15
I'd also report to the post office... and next time these nasty neighbors come-give them the number to call and complain.	2
Who has the skills to turn this into a fight seen? Maybe ninjas or the 7 dwarves	7
Tbh as a [NAME] this sort of news make me happy.	17
Yeah, it does that to me on my laptop. Nothing just happens. If I try on mobile I just get that error message.	3
Delete this. Not relevant.	10
Is this a real question or a snark?	7
Thanks! Here's hoping silly comic book shows don't trigger you in 2019!	15
You sound fun at parties	17
On my way! Thanks!	15
I don't know, but there's probably a word for it in German.	6
Just get on good ol reddit and have the nice people decide what you do.	4
Kinda both. The show itself is mediocre and has pretty generic jokes in my opinion. But the fans make me dislike it even more.	10
That took me a moment. I am ashamed and will now go commit Sudoku.	12
I wanted [NAME] so bad, but at least we got a cute character (little ticked about the scythe but, I'll still play her)	20
Thank you for coming to my Ted Talk	15
Yup, already blocked his number, he was never supportive 	3
But also: fuck the daily mail	2
There are levels of survival we are prepared to accept.	4
what happened to that uk transfer they picked up, haven't heard much about him	7
The least offensive example of anyone I've seen telling me to go fuck myself.	3
[NAME] I hope that isn’t the release date. I’m holding out for 12am EST 🤞	20
No they haven’t and that’s probably a lot of the problem	10
I cackled at [NAME] face down in the corner.	1
Says who? Comedians can joke about anything as long as it's funny to their audience.	4
Lmao that's a funny coincidence	1
Oh no my jimmies are so rustled! Please desist your relentless banter!	9
right. cause it's real. that's why she has to talk about it.	4
This sounds familiar. But no it will be [NAME] fault. She MADE [NAME] hurt you for the greater good. /s	9
Try posting to r/mentalhealth I'm sorry this is happening to you and I hope you get better.	15
I miss candlestick :(	9
Yeah. You wanna call me a liar, explain why, liar.	7
Yes I'm sure lol every god has flaws that's what keeps them balanced	1
Argument a month. I should be so lucky.	3
Additional space race	4
It's irrelevant though. it doesn't need to be specified in the title of a post.	10
He’s still right. Doortrash sucks	4
I see a 14 day old reddit account angry at liberals.	2
In the least condescending way possible I think you have some gross misconceptions and I'd like to clear them up.	5
Wow. Yes. But here I am. On my phone. Responding.	26
Sorry man, it’s gonna be really hard to find a Rose jersey anywhere that isn’t a 3XL	24
What I figured but needed some clarification. Thanks!	15
Uh well one has a long face but I think we’re thinking of different people here haha. They’re a popular 80’s band	1
People hate him? Why? Most call him the most dominant player in CFB this year.	7
The comments made by [NAME] to Truth on Smackdown about [NAME] makes me really think [NAME] has an outside chance at the win	22
Holy shit I’m stupid	2
I didn't know [NAME] was in a j rock band	26
Have fun getting arrested for child porn then! Check your DM’s 😉	1
Alarming! 🥀🥀🥀 🚓🍩🚓🍩🚓	26
"""Best prank ever"" :) One of my favorite moments."	0
One wrong kick can end oh so horribly	19
I’m sorry you are feeling so down friend, that is really difficult. I hope find a way to feel better.. maybe go to emergency care...	5
I think he can be much, much better than [NAME]. No doubt. His length, good defense. We are talking about [NAME], right?	0
Hahaha and those pathetic elderly taking computer classes. What worthless trash people XD	1
That’s awesome! Hopefully the sanity keeps up	0
depends on who im with lol. I became an Entp for a short while then went back to being an introvert.	1
Loved his wife.	18
Last night [NAME].	1
I think it may be interesting if the public could vote for films.	13
Oh perfect- I am surrounded by [RELIGION] and they LOVE those kinds of “parties”	18
Good luck using north melbourne when they change it to 'west' and make a new north melbourne station	20
I fucking love this GIF so much.	17
I'd love it if we actually rotated instead of running players into the ground.	8
In this day and age I’m actually surprised at how many hotels haven’t sorted plugs by the beds yet	26
Thanks for the hot take, /u/cumosaurusgaysex	15
I'm only saying it because I'm jealous :(	3
Happy cake day to you too!	13
okay for real, i saw this when the game ended. i died. i fucking died laughing. -sent from my HeavenPhone (TM)	1
Thank you for the context. Everything makes sense now, I'd forgotten how... Certain kinds of people can be	15
There is nothing that back ups his claims. To me his views sounds more like wishful thinking.	10
That's perfectly fine. I'm sorry if I offended you in any way. Have a nice day.	25
[NAME] isn’t interested in ceremony but is interested in having time with you. Love this!	18
Absolutely. It takes me back to a much happier time. When I die I hope I go to San Junipero.	8
[NAME], I love science.	18
Wow, essential oils can now replace oxygen	26
Oh hi [NAME]	13
Honestly wish I could do this, I miss my long hair sometimes :(	9
If I get another dog imma name it after a [NAME] song SO FUCKING CUUUUTE	18
I'm confused why you reposted this from this sub. I'm even more confused why you left evidence that shows this.	6
Thanks. People on the sub are unreasonable. They think [NAME] is worth so much yet won't give up much for [NAME]	15
It won't be. Just a rumor.	10
Wow you found the answer, wish you were on top, will link to you in my post	26
Wow, that would have been messy.	13
This is how mafia works	22
These leaks are actually very credible. It's sad that you guys let Hate and anger blind you from enjoying the experience.	25
I'm surprised everyone seems to think there will be a season 2.	26
Thanks a lot!	15
what's your MBTI type?, just curious btw	7
Must've misunderstood something about his injury. Thanks for pointing it out	15
Thank you. Posted this to Facebook!	15
Maybe or my reptilian DNA hasn't manifested yet	6
Best side quest ever!	0
Yes Thank you ! Someone might try to sue me because they pulled out and got pregnant ... use full body condoms if you think Facebook should support your baybeeees	15
I was grouping twitter with it. Tweets were great this year	0
Can I see it?	7
Your appearance doesn't magically look objectively creepy just because you're a creep. You're being stupid.	3
*snerk* People like this kill me. Idiots.	2
Wow. Racists are really coming out of the woodwork to excuse and defend racism. How sad.	25
thanks mate! yes, will buy some protein shakes today.. fucking expensive but better than starving i guess	15
I think you also underestimate how big Chelsea has become, especially in the States	9
So how did all the new airmen with you in that class feel like after being treated to the real Air Force?	7
??? Where the hell is this article getting it's data from...	2
You know he meant Golden Gardens. You are not discussing this in good faith.	9
Oh, fuck off. It’s no one’s fault but yours that you think every mention of the word ‘men’ means you specifically. 	2
It’s fitting. All things Considered.	4
I lost it when all the heroes kept going back and forth into siege range	9
Let's do this... 4 game win streak again!	13
They didn't actually run any tests to confirm it was even bone, let alone human.	2
I hope these young women change the church and not the other way around.	20
I ate 2 lots of rice a day, with chilli. I also had a bowl of high carb cereal. I lost 4stone. CICO, is real! 	4
My own worst enemy singalong is my favorite LOL	1
Hi, [NAME]! I am dropping by to wish you the most fantastic day of your life! Have a good one! -HappyFriendlyBot	15
Actually pretty :(( as [NAME] since the Hair is one big abomination and it could have been sooooo cool.	0
That was a fluid motion and it scared me	14
In the worst of the anger phase I took up running. It’s hard to stay in that state while your legs are burning that much.	2
[NAME] path made me hate everything associated with pirates	2
Hey congrats!! That's amazing, you've done such amazing progress! Hope you have a great day :)	0
Thank you for your input! I’ll look into it	15
Yes. (That's the back side of the Palace hotel.)	4
Wishing you all of the best friend !!!!	5
Oh [NAME], oh no, no no no	26
[NAME] enslaved the [NAME] and MLMs enslave...well...everybody.	3
Damn girl, Stockholm syndrome is strong with you. All I can say is I wish you all the best.	15
Wish i had more up votes for you.	8
So, they want a more profitable split? Surprised they wouldn't go for the Discord store then. Didn't it offer even better a split?	26
Those cards are so cool	0
Cute pupper 😍😍😍	0
Yeah that’s one of the things I’m most worried about, still hopeful!	14
You used the correct term. Good job.	0
He raped you. Leave. Now. Cut all contact. Easy answers here. You deserve far far better than this	5
Read in the news yesterday that 3.6 million have lost their insurance since the rump took office. I wonder how many of them died because of it?	26
He's ridiculous, I've never watched out west when he was on the Spurs. But damn. Hope He stay.	20
Disgusting making [NAME] talk to this fat moron	11
Goose don’t give a fuck	3
Man I thought [NAME] was going to be the real deal. I wanted [NAME] gone so bad around that time.	3
lol @ additionally “learning” physiotherapy as if we DPTs/PTs didnt spend our own 3 years learning.	1
[NAME] why would you blow your load on your fucking suit with fur on it	2
Be ready to Experience Canes Hockey	13
It’s good dude I had to have it explained to me I’m just passing on the love	18
My barber was thinning my Hair with a new blade and cut my ear. Bled like crazy.	2
I love Subnautica. It's so, so terrifying but also beautiful and cool and I can wimp out and put it down any time. 	0
So is the OP still permabanned for no reason?	7
They are probably waiting for his harasser to pull a [NAME]. Filthy men.	2
Thank you. As a father I found this hysterical. I'm legit laugh-crying rn	15
Oh I see...I keep trying to do the move everytime they're down. Thanks for the clarification.	15
Maybe Streamlight Strion if OP wants something Fenix PD35 sized? Havent used one myself but have heard good things.	0
In case anyone is wondering.. the money was a 20$ tip. Edit: 200$. I’ve been corrected.	4
sorry this happened to you. id be sad and angry too if i worked hard on something, and someone took that away	25
No one does... that what makes it so provocative.	3
My only regret will be posting this on my alt account.	24
Clamato? I see you Canada. And I like it. By the way, we need Wonderbars here in the US. Thanks	15
Excellent summary.	0
SC6 has a colourful cast and is actually very easy to get into. So yeah man, go for it.	4
Yep. ~~(Also, I'm not interested in getting arrested so sorry.)~~	10
It's easy to overthink things online, I'm glad you gave him a chance.	15
Are there any Veracruz fans in the sub?	7
I like your baby😍	18
Dude was okay?! Oh thank god, i figured at best paralyzed from the waist down	23
Cool story bro.	0
Here’s to taking care of ourselves and reaching out to each other and getting the support we need!	5
Nirvana is a great band but a good chunk of people in their fan base are just awful (underratedly awful)	0
"It's not ""over"". Don't believe that. Focus on making friends. The more people in your network, it seems better."	5
Wow great analogy, exactly like that yes	0
Thank you for that statement.	15
I like how he wrote many of the TRUE [NAME]. I wonder what a fake [NAME] believes in.	26
is this sub scared to talk about [NAME] getting arrested	14
As much fun as I've had yanking their chains, does anyone know the background behind these particular scam calls? I've gotten several of them lately.	4
Mad respect to her for being honest. I like how they consulted a dietician for their article to confirm a diet of cocaine and tapas was unhealthy lololololol.	0
[NAME] looking good for a big game	0
You are welcome, I have faced lot of sibling related issues. Hope things work out well for you.	20
I read TFTFD periodically, too - - I wasn't sure if the Mods there would leave the post up or tell LAOP to post on r/AskHotel instead.	6
She’s just not that into you, that’s what I think. You need to find an HL girlfriend and go have fun. 	17
aw thank you, I want to get rid of some of my extra things and eat food with less packaging	15
I’m from Ocean County and I don’t enjoy admitting you’re right.	10
Is it weird that I’m relieved?	7
[NAME] is definitely a good player, would probably be an [NAME] in the East, but fuck him lol	1
I'll message you when I have the time to play! :) Ty!	4
Have the zombies symbols available somewhere near for the Ra step, it's the most challenging	7
Thank you destruct	15
Can genes be altered? I feel like I’ve heard something like this.	6
I know right?! My parents are extremely proud & grateful they don't have to help me pay debt.	0
And ALL of you will tune in next week because it’s the best trash TV ever created!	0
I'm on episode 8 and this is where the show has gotten boring af for me.	3
"""in2"" Is this a time saver over ""into""? This reporter says no."	7
Go watch the video where she does [NAME] makeup, [NAME] is super tall, especially compared to [NAME]. 	0
The president's own charity is under federal investigation so its time to drag out some so called progressives and show that there are bad people on all sides.	22
Lol. Well, I enjoyed our heart to heart either way 	17
It would be funny and sad if he gets heart complications again	1
I would be so pissed if I was part of that coaching staff. That was unbelievable.	26
Oh gosh, I'm so sorry you had to deal with that. It sounds like you handled it really well. Kids are cruel. 	25
This makes me smile	17
so abused...	3
HAHAHAHA!!!!!	1
And even then... It won't be for long.	10
Close game but glad to see we came back in the end	17
It's a great town.	0
Wow, I might actually watch this weirdo movie this time. 	26
I have no idea what you're talking about, I'm in the UK we have a different class system !	6
There kinda funny	1
I didn’t even realize it says it right there. Sorry	24
I like it	18
The 1st 5 minutes of this game will be key. Hope they come out with some passion. Go Oil	20
That sentence should be illegal.	10
Not to be harsh but I feel like she has been dieting and working out for quite some time .. wouldn’t there be some change by now ?	6
given his form over the last year or so, turning into nueur would have gotten us that goal haha	20
Much better thanks hun !	15
In 5 days bones would not be crusted over,sorry not buying it.	24
I want to clarify that I am NOT scared. I punched the mirror because it looked at me wrong.	2
Liberal Grandma best Grandma.	0
Fun fact: There are only 2,208 billionaires in the world	1
That’s what’s it’s called or what SHE’S called?🤣	7
That dude popped a viagra and got stuck in his neck.	3
I'm just curious. I don't have anyone in mind rn. Just wanted to know if there are some cues	7
> Books. Love them, have enough The library is your friend :)	18
Back in the seventies and eighties we all did this and it was no big deal.	22
it really sucks how absolutely fucked some of us got genetically in the chest department	2
Where do you think the [NAME] came from, before they arrived in Spain?	6
Yeah I realised that a bit too late. I still wanted to further explain myself regardless but thank you for being nice about it.	15
Great. Then he can levy a fine against person who took the photo.	0
[NAME] isn’t even a homer at this point. He’s just dumb.	3
That was such a good cast. Loved that year.	0
Thanks - Glad I did not waste the money / gold	15
Definitely not a dead human body. He’s probably just a weird dude that has some weird thing in his room that smells terrible.	10
Shame Saints aren't even going to get a LBP out of this game, feels like that's the minimum deserved	12
Don’t be ashamed of what you like. You have a good day, fellow redditor. 	5
Nothing like a little bit of whataboutism. We can think they're *both* idiots.	3
Lol every time I complain we score like 2 min later. I will wait 5 min	1
[NAME] here...that guac looks horrible	14
This scene was priceless! Trash TV gold.	0
40's French movie girl. Bold look cotton, let's see how it plays out 	7
TBH I was worried he actually hurt [NAME]. Glad everyone is ok.	5
[NAME] was the same in Crestwood. Scary as hell.	14
who's to late?	7
I couldn’t live like this. You should leave.	10
It would hilarious if racist attacks against [NAME] propel him to the PMO.	1
No no no i didnt learn about that in my middle school bio class so it can't be real 😤	3
Unfortunately not.	10
thank you very much, i do not care for it one bit	15
Doesn't look intentional though.	10
Wow. You should actually delete your account.	22
Ok I see what you mean. Thanks.	15
the hate we get in here is palpable.	20
I've been seeing these since I was a kid! Wish we all had an answer...	8
I don’t know anything about Israeli politics except that [NAME] is awful and I hope he loses.	10
You're so cool.	17
Opposing ethnonationalism and private property is hardly a weird hill for an anarchism to defend	11
It’s so crazy how [NAME] went from being an elite goaltender to barely an ahl bum in a matter of 2-3 years. I cri	7
Funny how reddit works	1
Me and the hubby watch every friday. Lol	1
Good thing they were all about to jump when it happened. Do you know what happened to the pilots?	7
Ahh, thanks for the response.	15
Hello! Happy new years my friend!	17
Thanks for the explanation! And lol yeah that’s fair - ‘rag’ isn’t exactly the flashiest of terms!	15
Omg! That's awesome thank you so much!	15
Thank you for that. My gf jumped right next to me! 😂😂😂	15
Have a good day at work bud	5
Ah ok, will do, and thanks!	15
>a Thursday night rampage that killed the 22-year-old officer and shot up a surrounding downtown neighborhood. Not exactly a constitutional standoff with the government	10
so proud of you!	0
Yes no one wants to believe my religion and how to make people happy so it makes me sad	25
I am literally dumbstruck. Reality has been brought into question. Top tier YouTube comments though.	26
People done be ignorant	10
It actually gives me comfort, too. Whatever happens, we will all be there together. 	20
Florida. I moved up here and chose the best hockey team in NY/the universe	0
we are at !CURSED! levels of cursed	3
LOL get it guys the joke is necrophilia 😂😂😂😂😂😂👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼	1
I don't know what they say about fools and their money, but I'll gladly pay you to find out 	17
yeah i want to see what kind of car it is post pics :)	7
I absolutely think this is possible, and for the good of our team: *TOLES FINDS DEM HOLES!*	4
"Given that the murder rate is primarily caused by the so-called ""war on drugs"", I don't see how gun laws would affect it at all. "	10
Perm what? Seems like it’s like permanent virginity with a haircut lookin like that	6
It's changing, slowly but surely. 20 years ago most people liked fur, now it's seen as cruel and unnecessary.	22
[NAME] is there anything more depressing than being in a leafs gdt when the leafs are losing.	9
So. Much. *Effort.* I ca't believe a tree died for this sin.	26
I love when kids get cocky and then fall / get injured. That first kid's smile and face plant is just the best.	18
Dr [NAME] is so adorable. I just want to give him a hug then ask him to make a diet for me.	0
What a muffin!	13
I love that place I actually went their for my prom pictures	18
Thanks brother/sister. If I wasn’t so poor I’d gold you	15
Neither are those 6 other pairs that I am wearing!!!	9
The irony that most of these disgusting things wouldn’t have made it through the winter without vaccines	11
All the people who got on at canning bridge station this morning and kept pushing and shoving each other like animals.	2
i don't love love love it	10
I don't know why but every time I see a meme telling me how good I am it doesn't do anything and doesn't make me happy	9
It's strange i don't understand how work reddit, i drop a link when i create a post but it doesn't work	26
good luck my friend	5
you’re acting mad pretentious lol there’s nothing wrong with wanting to live in Cali	3
No, that's not standard, it's a common house rule (and is often published in the instructions as an alternate rule as well).	10
Ah yes, my apologies!	25
In other words, being a woman but not identifying with your oppression. How special	3
People there are great citizens out there who dislike Rick & Morty studies) should be legalized already.	0
I see now, but at that time i just woke up and this was the first thread i saw hah	22
Now you see me.... Too. Lol	1
I doubt that [NAME] cares.	3
That doesn’t help people in market though.	10
Thank you for explaining it better than my rambling. I agree.	15
Absolutely amazing how people think this is anonymous.	0
Same with [NAME], she’s simply stunning at any age. 	0
new genders about to drop doesn’t strike me as a bad joke tbh.	10
I like the Call Her Daddy Girls and I don’t care who knows it	18
One can only hope this is the worst issue you ever have to deal with in life. Sheesh.	20
Doesn't even make sense. You don't say dollars 5 so why put the dollar sign in front	3
Is this the correct way to dislodge a train? It seems reckless.	7
mayhaps (I do not know what you mean)	6
Who is telling you looks don't matter at all? Your grandmothers?	6
She’s actually crazy	17
Despite how selfish that seems, I respect the honesty. 	0
Not even surprised by rudi, the man has been a beast since we got him.	21
Rethink your body! With type 2 diabetes, you can loose your lower limbs thanks to peripheral artery disease!	15
He is a brave man to even have the courage to put this foundation on his face. I wouldn't have even if [NAME] told me to!	0
I don’t think we want some sort of incest plot arising here	10
Is this illegal somewhere specific?	7
Man at this point I'd be happy with just a few non-sweeps.	17
Thank you so much. ♥️ that means a lot.	15
`Omnialternative` Thanks, I hate it.	15
Unless they end up with [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] (or similiar), this will be a huge failure. Yikes.	10
This made me chuckle	1
U damn clown, she prolly felt so embarrassed and you’re just like meh	12
Thank you. I found out I can return it since they made it heavier than I ordered.	15
>[NAME] in a confusion night, Um, she kissed him.	6
FWIW I had a terrible series of experiences at CFA and would never recommend anyone with anxiety go there.	14
How are you all losing weight post-shelf crashing? I was shoveling ice cream while listening to Year Of Polygamy 😩😭😭😭🍧	7
Really? Edit: Ah yea, I saw the original one. It still reminds me of Wind Maker.	26
Not at yours obviously. Did you know last tekken champion was a bear player? The lowest tier of them all	7
Nah, you’re totally one of those MAGAmers. Your comments could’ve come straight out of the subreddit.	10
Sucks to suck	2
It just never got weird enough..	14
I thought this was a torb skin and I was about to die	14
Lol it was a joke. Meta from r/askreddit	1
Yes! He’s back LOOCH!	13
Thank you this is great, your post has helped as I was on the Mernda line about to get off at Clifton hill	15
but time is meaningless	22
Nice ovation when he first checked in and after the tribute video. Also made some noise when he hit a 3 late.	4
For us to be able to do that now, they would proably make us pay for it. 	14
I’m an anarchist, I don’t know how to read	12
OK man I am relatively new so I know what worked for me and I based off of much of the advice I got, partially from this reddit lol	1
Omg deans you forgot to put your nagito relevance stamp	22
I'm seeing this everywhere, what does BEC mean?	7
I didn’t know you existed, but I’m thankful you do 	15
[NAME] gets so many chances but just can’t hit the net. I don’t get it.	6
Let me guess, are you [NAME]?	6
thats messed up...thats why i dont like reddit as much	10
That's different lol.. And any positive, faint or not, is a positive!	1
That thigh gap not cute at all	11
Hooray!! Number 1! Number 1! Number 1! Number 1!	13
Fuck pancreatic cancer. Kills so many and it barely gets any funding because all the money goes to shit like 'breast cancer awareness'.	2
I'm ok with this. Man, that'd be some defensive OF.	4
That extraterrestrial little grey creatures don’t exist? That’s definitely a fact but I’m very open to any evidence/proof of the contrary lmao.	1
Wow holy shit I didn't realize Reddit has become main stream media great analogy bud	26
People will stop wanting to punch/jail these people when they stop being ignorant, selfish pricks putting newborn babies at risk.	2
In winter, it's SO difficult for me to cope when I had been thinking of getting one but don’t know what they are doing.	6
that most of the fandom does not get that reference is depressing	9
and now i went there...and got ragey and stabby LOL wtaf is wrong with people?! obviously, rhetorical question...but wtaf	1
Thank you everyone for the suggestions. I think they're great much easier than my thoughts of trying to donate money instead of the contents.	15
Thank you for your response!	15
Ireland has only ever had far right or centre right governments in charge lol	1
What would you do if y'all end up having kids, but break up later? There's no guarantee y'all will be together forever. 	6
Im loving these DBS and canuck meme mixtures	18
W crazy game	13
This is so, so great.	0
[NAME] is pretty dry but he's great for down to the facts videos, I love his voice.	0
People back then just might have had a bad memory and kept forgetting about it.	22
Lmao you fart bigger to cover up the first one	1
Most traffic violations are victimless crimes and fining people for them is wrong.	10
WOW I love this photo so much! Is this recent?	17
Lmao what an end to a quarter	1
Nah halfway in the fight your shots were definitely not registering at all on him.. lol	10
I'm not talking about [RELIGION] anymore though...	10
Still a bit of redesign & this would look much better.	20
I'm sure the two young sons of [NAME] are comforted by the fact that the cops involved didn't want to kill an unarmed man.	4
Remember, we created gods in our image. 	22
good lookin out bro	0
The Dillard House is literally my favorite restaurant on earth. Their ham is the most amazing thing on this planet.	0
"Now I'm imagining him responding to your dirty talk with an enthusiastic ""yummy!"""	13
Yeah I wasn't sure if he was surprised or appalled the ever good and heroic [NAME] would go to that solution	6
If packaging sound policy with Hindutva is the only field booming especially in the coming chaos we’ll be set.	4
That man has such epic face	0
Didn't u just say ur new to this? Why are you speaking?	3
I just get sad when I see people commenting on articles and videos about him that they think he's on drugs.	25
Off the top of my head I don't think he lost a game for Queensland in that time either.	10
Came here to see if i was the only one. The whole edit is one gigantic mess.	3
Now you're thinking, 'I hope that's shepherd's pie in my knickers!	20
Respect for the pedes	4
what a surprise i never saw coming	26
I find it sadly ironic that a man's job is to protect his family, yet if he's alone with his children they question their safety.	25
Whoa you are on a big brain level!!	0
I like the assignments.	18
Firstly, thanks for pointing it out, and secondly, you should have some sort of [NAME] nearby, he should do the job	15
He is way overrated.	3
No I didn’t think that, it was the way the information was presented	10
MmMm I love me some microplastics.	18
Yeesh, let her wallow then. You did the right thing in trying!	4
/* Consciousness Level */ The Other is confused The Other is dumb <-- you are here The Other is evil	6
I have pretty bad anxiety and have recently adopted two kittens. I definitely feel less anxious when I'm around them as they are such sweet animals.	18
Woah. I've been wondering when this kind of a situation would play out. I keep wondering if I'll recognize someone I know on these posts.	7
I really want pizza right now	8
Nice. How is prep going??	0
The game is riddled with error messages.	3
It’s definitely winter. My Cornish Rex is in hell right now because she loves laying in windows, but it’s cold as balls out 	4
I wish I could’ve had that kind of relationship with my mother.	8
oh, you're back? have you gotten help for your paranoia yet?	7
Lol. Build your own or make some tweaks to the printer.	1
Very well put	15
I think you're mistaken, muscle memory is rather strong it would simply be a reflex	10
I just enjoy feasting off tears ....mmmmm	17
Confirmation sounds really scary and sketchy. I can not not think about cults and rituals everytime...	14
Just piss off	2
Didn’t they play a game earlier this season with both [NAME] and [NAME] out?	7
The day I die is the day I'm happy	8
Jitter mod SG12 has been a thing for awhile now, it's a wonder you're just now seeing it. 	26
LOL. When she came back on after the first commercial break, there was loud beeping when she was talking. 	1
omg that was full on Tequila [NAME]!!!	26
Hopefully they realize that anti-discrimination law is immoral and unconstitutional.	20
GF is false; I saw Mayor get transported and I was stabbed by an SK	14
This is as subtle as the 2nd choice is the MP telling you to go and fuck yourself.	2
Joke's on u, I already have small penis!	1
What? Can anyone fill me in I’m confused lol	6
God. Damnit. Ever since HS hockey players have been my fetish... This is almost too much...	9
This is the worst meme format in the history of meme formats, maybe ever	11
I can’t wait for him to file bankruptcy. His legendary move.	0
> this racist rant. Pretty amazing to drop the N word while trying to talk about incivility and decorum.	0
Yaaaay!!	13
Obviously. Every post here is intended to be a joke. Just not funny ones, like this post.	1
Thanks for your addition! I didn’t know any mercy players who made good content for her so I left her out. Appreciate it!	15
Ah, thought they made another FA character cannon for a minute. I'd like to see [NAME] come back (with a bit of a nerf:)	22
Nah, I’m good, just trying to help you out. Have a good one	0
It's got home made bread pudding so therefore the rest has to be good!	20
Yeah I would regularly find Steelers Fans. Dunno if that demographics been changed. Oh yeah we have a lot of Cowboy fans too.	4
That would really piss them off	5
i dunno, you commit one little genocide and you never hear the fucking end of it	2
It's fucking laurel you god damn yanny hearing fascists.	3
A true internet classic.	0
Our experience was much the same. We might go back for a 2nd chance, but doubtful. The brewery next door was great.	0
omg he could soft feint headbutt into GB thank god i wasnt around when that was possible	15
I loved shooting if we were gay and 6969. The peanut butter took a while, but was worth it	18
He's so handsome	0
Would you rather I hadn't posted this article? Don't want to talk about it?	6
*Poop hole* Oooohwee!	26
Nice I am actually going to the game! Awesome I'll get to see him represent.	13
I would be creeped out.	14
What did I ever do to you?	7
I always thought the name of that sub, like this one, was intentionally ironic.	1
Because his reconnaissance is not unique in any way. Literally everyone who saw that movie thought that was surprising.	26
Comfy girl = best girl	0
Ok bud. I guess I havent been living my entire life with asthma and have 0 idea about this.	20
Fuck this guy	2
Lmao I hope almost seems like it just vanished. If someone who likes xans finds my wallet they’re in for a good day	1
Fuck ya boys let’s go	2
Yeah I agree, it really is interesting. I guess that’s why there’s so many different medications out there lol.	0
Omg this made me hurt! You better of gotten a damn good back rub after that.	3
Can't speak for the original commenter but probably not yours since I'd rather not be tortured for eternity for disbelief.	10
The Blackweb screen protectors have saved my phone more times than I can count.	15
Let's hope that they don't miss, huh?	20
The fact that you got a kill with the auger is impressive enough...here’s an upvote	0
Get well soon good boye	5
ahhhhh no how dare i have morals of course the most important thing is that my favorite football team has a better special teams coordinator	17
The Remini series. I love it. Horrifying and karma and righteous indignation.	18
Colts fan here. [NAME] seems like a nice enough guy but, holy crap, terrible coach. Buyer beware.	10
My favourite scene in the movie.	0
So you're saying the penalty for DUI is the same as texting and driving? Because that's what I've been saying it isn't true.	10
Wow, you weren't instantly downvoted hundreds of times. The omniscum must have had a salad once and got a protein deficancy.	26
Cool. Hope they intended to clean it up but this kind human beat them to it.	20
Did you seriously miss the like 50 comments above that girls can’t play games?	7
I did not know that a map could arouse me	22
 a thing, and I’ve had my share of Whistle Pig Pie. I hate me 	2
Either way, it's at the very least not an ethical way to conduct business.	10
Thats pretty sweet.	0
They’re looking sharp!!	0
Wow. Imagine being this stupid. Life must be so hard for you.	26
I feel like this doesn't mean much,	22
They do, however this is a TRAFFIC unit that focus' on TRAFFIC offences. Ice dealers are more of a detective / taskforce job.	22
So $0.50 for that GIF? I think I'll pass.	20
Sex lesson for a 28 year old oh god, but I see the point you’re tryin make and I’ll try it! 	4
> I doubt a typical [NAME] would be bankrupted by a $20K bill This attitude represents exactly the stereotype of [NAME] that most people have.	6
This has to be my favorite part of this article. WHAT DOES HE MEAN!?!?!	18
Wow. This I definitely needed, I'm glad I stumbled onto your comment. Helped in a major way, thanks. 	15
You’ve got to do it! Just imagine all the bitter responses that you can then share with us!	5
This. You need medical attention and they'll be able to put you in touch with resources.	5
Amen to that!	4
I FFed it too and reading that comment, I am sooooooooo glad I did!	17
Yea I saw that...had me worried for a sec but I had no trouble at Delta	19
Write down the problems and how you feel when and after you have them. Then take that to therapy and actually get vulnerable with your therapist.	5
> Best ~~3pt~~ shooter fucking ever. FTFY	3
You’re number 1 now.	4
I don't think you should ever be forced to do any work, so obviously not. 	10
I like that, will be looking forward to seeing it when I go there. Sure, it's stereotypical. Who cares?	4
It still cracks me up when people call me [NAME].	1
Not possible? Not that I’ve heard of at least.	6
This is accurate. Source: MA resident who works in CT. (WHY DON'T YOU HAVE REFLECTIVE ROAD MARKERS?!)	4
How much time you got? I enjoy *The Spirit of Redemption* but it's a bit long.	17
What's her name? I'm wondering if since it's being posted now years later Reddit might do it's thing and solve some crimes.	7
Oh... welp. 😑	9
Oh [NAME]... now you’re stealing my lines.	26
You have been banned from the mickey mouse clubhouse for inappropriate behavior	12
He looks proud of his work, leave him be.	21
Happy birthday, [NAME]! Hope you have a wonderful day!	17
this literally made me sick to my stomach	25
Auch, that's gotta hurt...	9
It's crazy, the first day with icy, snowy roads it's scary but within a few days, grip and visibility sound like fantasy	14
"""It's not true!!! But I DETEST [NAME]!! Reddit help meeee!!!"""	10
She's actually not dead at all. Even now shes still a good hero.	0
No no no. They only have no worth if they don’t support [RELIGION].	10
"Yes, we'll see! On a separate note, when I read your user name at first glance I thought it was ""ItGetsThroughBoner""."	4
Does it contain like 5 members like the real one? lol.	1
Now that is an original Idea!!!	4
There are two other choices as well, each of them slightly better than the two terrible choices.	20
That's adorable!	0
I think the [NAME] biscuit joke takes the cake	1
Thank you! [NAME] is drafting off this documentary.	15
You're not [NAME] about your joke, good pun there mate	10
Like the poor redhead in True Blood that got vampired as a virgin, but worse.	11
Good luck mate!	15
Boring way to get it and unfair with the rest of the pkayers	10
thank you so much <3	15
Incorrect. To cure cancer you need to have a citrus and mint essential oils. Lavender is to calm yourself and help you sleep. /s	10
I know to you Professor, break time is nothing. But to me, it's serious.	3
I hope you enjoy it!	20
The biggest Nightmare	14
My liver CRIES watching these kids. Weeps into a warm cup of steamed milk.	25
[NAME] is my least favorite out of all of [NAME] love interest (In all live action movies) Bite me.	10
Now let's sit down, relax, and have a nice cool glass of turnip juice.	23
> Why create more jobs when no one is available to even take them? We could always import more people to fill those jobs.. :)	6
The human species is more intelligent and sentient than any other animal species that's why.	0
OH SUCK ME SIDEWAYS	3
and this is why I, having been baptized [RELIGION], choose to be cremated after I die because I am sacred and can, finally, no longer be used	22
What? I though unicorns farted candy floss?!	7
She'll probably never be seen again, I fear. Thanks for reminding me of her name.	15
Man, fuck that shit. He lost us the Sonics, he has no business running for public office.	2
Yup, it's from the latest episode. Thanks! :[NAME]!	15
This post is not going to age well.	9
“[NAME], have we got an offer for you!”	13
And wr is not what I want us to focus on anyways. We got plenty of other needs	10
You are so stunning! A very classic beauty.	0
Oof, yeah sorry my dude, it came across as pro-wall to me. Probably what happened with others as well.	24
I'm honestly shocked that the Bucks have more subs than us. I was surprised the Wolves had more too.	26
Happy Cake Day you barefoot bitch!	13
Thank you good sir! I didn’t know this was a thing!	15
Indeed yet I still gotta watch my dependency & tolerance. I stay disciplined and just keep moving forward.	4
Bingo - using market cap as your yardstick is as stupid as using GDP as a yardstick. One metric is never enough to capture a picture.	3
That sucks, I hope you find the finances to be able to go back to it someday.	20
Did she even pass the formidable Blechdel Test?	7
Quite the blasé article.	10
Cool. I'll have to keep that banter in mind for the next time it happens. Thank you for the response, I really appreciate it	15
You are amazing. You really and truly are. I'm so proud of you. Hugs.	0
Ew, this comment needs to die. Adultery is the most cowardly option you could ever pick.	3
The Imperial is the best gay bar in Sydney. PERIOD.	4
I hate [NAME] omg I just do	10
And file a report if she doesnt cancel it when i confront her. Thanks for the advice though it’s well appreciated	15
Me too! And he was so happy to get that out of her back, he seems like he really cares.	17
Good luck, I hope you find it really easy! I did, and I’ve never looked back :)	20
The other ending in the therapists office was the best in my opinion. Very White Bear-ish	0
I’ll defer to your experience then.	20
Too many scammers and time wasters anyways!	3
All of season 6 is terrible	14
Ohhh this sounds interesting! What pod?	7
Omg where did you get this?	7
"Classic lab. ""Man that was really tough, but can we go play now?"""	7
Not what this sub is for and this doesn't make you look like a good person but ok	10
It sounds like you project a lot of anger...maybe letting things go, relaxing and slowing down is your solution.	5
Well said. Glad to see that there are still open minded people left in this sub.	0
What an interesting thread you referenced in your response!	13
They're taking one for the team, those brave creatures!	0
Wow great video. I love her.	0
Expect a bunch of bugs as a reward.	8
[NAME] voice acting in this is just brilliant.	0
which grind gives you the right to cheat on your girlfriend ? lmao	7
Oh thank you for the name, is there any way to get rid of them? 	15
I'm ashamed it took me a while to get it	12
So you're a liar.	2
You are ok.	5
i like turtles	18
How can you be so stupid... it’s called climate change, there is so much research on it. It’s just blindly denying science..	3
Lmfao. Omg I’m dead. Please do more of these somehow	13
It's just nonsense. Any truly responsible gun owner respects life more than being tough.	3
Haha... nice	1
Is it too late?	6
worst case of life is unfortunately apt here, eh?	7
Yeah, they have uniforms and everything. It’s really great.	0
That’s a cool steering wheel cover	0
Well, don't kill spiders. That's what you get. Be nice and take them outside. It's not that hard.	5
This team was nowhere near legendary, filled with legends sure, but incredibly disappointing.	9
Like a three dollar forty bag of fresh hiphop?	6
I just discovered her today and I love her music	18
I like [NAME] and would like to see him back, but he still makes me nervous at a high price too. 	19
I strongly agree	4
This is awesome!	0
Huh? Mutts are usually healthier than pure-breds. It's the pure-bred dogs that have weird genetic issues.	11
I'll try. Thank you.	15
sad that the Euphoric tipbot is no more	25
im not happy with tonight either but no need to make a bad situation worse by just bitching about everything and anything.	9
Fitter faster stronger better	0
Yeah I agree people on reddit are so extra it's annoying	3
Damnnnn nice feed bro. That choke throw to the spin attack was on point.	0
What the fuck [NAME]! Are you easy to talk to? 29 years and you didn't see it coming?	11
Ur mom causes a 2.6 just getting out of bed in the morning amirite?	7
I loved my LCR. It made me feel like a police chief from the future.	18
Damn, for real? I'm 250 and drink regularly, if I pound two beers in under a minute I'm good for a little while.	26
Shabbat Shalom! Thank you for sharing, I really like your videos, keep up the good work!	15
Huge shout out to [NAME], wherever he might be, for always fighting the good fight!!!!	0
Natural or not monopolies aren't good.	10
I mean New Orleans is really fun even with little to no drinking. I wouldn't want to live anywhere else.	0
I have that one! I like it a lot. Despite the name 😂	18
Wish he'd upload more 😪	8
Giving gold is like a thank you irl, just go out and start thanking people OP.	15
Really? I thought this joke was a bit plane	26
Seeing him RT rev gave me some hope which hurts worse	25
I love democracy.	18
I hope your struggle is worth it. Stay strong.	20
It's not internalized homophobia, it's literally just an annoying voice.	3
FUCK, THANKS!	15
Naah, [NAME] fans got depressed when [NAME] didn't die	9
It's like Guatemala, but instead of the US it's Mexico... disgusting 	11
What is with the pet worship? Should be more worried about your elderly relatives.	14
I can't post on r/dankmemes :(	10
No, just a bastard pastry	10
I love this story. So much.	18
I don't think they really learn so much as they relax and get more comfortable.	10
That's one of the reasons why I'm wary 😂	22
It was always kind of a consideration when I did have opening and closing blinds. None of them problems anymore.	4
OP, this is the definition of manipulation. Ignore it, I promise it’ll be better for you in the long run. 	4
OHHHHH! THAT ONE! Oh, *[NAME]*... 	26
I love taking my girlfriend to Victorias Secret, we shop together, and the whole experience is a kind of foreplay. I highly suggest that route.	18
Is she worse than [NAME] though?	7
I actually got one of those, really fucking good tbh	0
I've long completed everything I can and spent all my fight money. No Kage for me	4
"""And then I apologized and expressed remorse over the situation"" "	24
I have started my 30 day vacation and I plan on relaxing the whole 30. Please do not make plans for me. Discuss them first with me.	8
Oh, I know. I just don’t think that will go over so well. Lol	1
He doesn't really fit, he is more of a mid range shooter. Plus we already have to many players at power forward who are better.	10
Don’t make fun of the cancer kid	10
Funny how artificial famines are genocide when the Brits do it, but not when it's the Soviets. 	3
A lot of times the only thing holding any of us back is ourselves. It's not too late to start writing either.	22
Wish the blasters were more like BF1	8
No, he said he's bringing in somewhere around 10K a month, not 2500 a month. That's a HUGE income gap.	10
You'll win in the long run by not shutting up.	4
Assuming it is manufacturer defect, sure. A lot of times, it comes down to the owner not properly caring for their gun.	4
Fool you twice, shame on you	3
Not cool Op...not cool...	9
It's great you have a friend with the same struggles as long as you both encourage each other to do better. It can be very comforting.	0
You'll feel better about yourself if you don't act like an asshole to people who care about you.	2
Going through the same thing and I feel the same way. Sadness. I hope it'll pass!	25
That got rid of an unwanted boner real quick	23
You only saw one piece of luggage. I’m not a fan of overly criticizing the things we don’t see.	10
It serves as quite a lesson to anyone, don't you think?	4
Not true for a lot of people but [NAME]	4
Poor horse, must have hurt a lot.	9
Thanks for reminding me to never live in NYC	15
you have [NAME], you'll live.	4
Omg this is repulsive	11
They talked about choosing either stance tho and I thought I read menu which makes me think of morrigan ult	22
Thank you! I was wondering what to do tomorrow morning. Now I have something to go to.	15
I love this. BFFs don’t get enough love on these subs, but they make everything better. :)	18
proper fucking order	2
$2M AAV, love this deal	18
[NAME] has always favoured [NAME] so I'd assume this means he's the next up, I just prefer [NAME] and find [NAME] a little overrated.	10
Incredible work and very unique, good for you	0
Please, it'd be to stop time wasting doomed repeat VoNCs.	3
Eyebrow zits are the worst. I'd rather have a lip pimple than an eyebrow pimple. Also part of the fanclub for your eyes.	3
this makes liberals look like spoiled house cats, it's embarrassing honestly.	12
I would feel similarly, but I would be more gleeful and less guilty. 	24
Clouds aren’t pale they’re translucent but ok 👌🏽	10
I‘m sorry this guy is harassing you, check his history, he‘s trolling.	24
This aged poorly	25
Meh, whenever I travel with someone who can't walk fast, I just wait for the next train.	3
Thank you!! I’m at home recovering from surgery and on some meds, so I wasn’t sure if I imagined it. 	15
Bahaha I love that	18
this is not bad	10
Man, I can't remember if this started on r/NBA or r/MMA	10
BREAKING NEWS, local bartender found chained up in drunks basement!	25
I agree. Verbatim.	4
Thank [NAME] I don't have any friends	15
Dude, whenever I'm bored I either masturbate play games or browse reddit. Not sure how anyone can be bored with such fantastic opportunities.	6
Even if I close the app, mine still pings.. It's maddening	3
I have cried in hotel rooms before thinking about the loss from discovering it is a lie. It's tragic and wonderful at the same time.	25
Hahaha ;)	1
Thanks for the warning 😉	15
I like the sound of that, shes definitely a bitch what does chutzpah mean?	7
I asked for trick candles. Thank you for the gift! What a lovely day this turned out to be!	15
What happened to your previous account?	7
Don't forget about foden, I love [NAME], I even bought his shirt at the start of this season, but foden has an even greater ceiling	18
I had a nightmare about something similar, the combination of high walls and water is truly scary	14
Just curious is this church a “ministry” with multiple branches worldwide with a “general overseer”? This sounds all too familiar.	7
That hug at the end was like a you’re too precious and innocent for this world”	0
I am almost there... I am daddy cute now.. almost silver fox.	0
I need like a drawn out visual or something	8
What happens when a Jedi gets PTSD? Play this game to find out. Hint: ITS FUCKIN BAD NEWS SON	9
So, bloody stop feeding cattle, nothing even compares to the resource consumption (waste) of the animal industry.	2
This is the noise I make in my girlfriend’s ear while y’all are still scared to moan	14
Y so serious	2
Yeah you have great solidarity with evil reigimes.	0
The argument [NAME] is making is that expecting women to cook is considered sexist but expecting men to shovel snow is fine. It's about the double standard.	10
He looks like a Loony Toons character	0
2 is washed out, 6 and 10 are too dark. Also imgur showed me a bald naked chimpanzee right after your last picture and I nearly choked. 	11
[NAME]* I'm not mad, just dissapointed.	9
They've done it before with private law and private militias, dumbass. 	3
That guy is gonna regret losing you the rest of his life. You know why i know this? Because i am him 30 years ago.	25
Majority of [NAME] support Dem investigations of a foreign agent? I’m so proud!	21
It's probably more like when the only tool you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail. I'm so sick of this paranoia.	25
Oh my [NAME]. The hand mixer instead of forks. Shredding poultry is like my least favorite thing on Earth	26
this aint it chief	10
Thanks, didn't catch that one!	15
Thank you.	15
Haaaaay it’s the NAGR Guy!!!!!	13
I can’t believe this blatant police brutality	26
Do you even watch Steelers football?	7
He's great in Silicon Valley too!	0
You got a problem with Canada gooses taking Canada deuces	3
No problem, hope things get better for you guys soon!	20
The state of Washington is not in charge of the draft.	10
Just go to a doctor/dispensary or call them on the phone.	5
I hope you both enjoy it!	20
Looks very realistic to me. Ever been to Copenhagen? They did it despite a population density higher than San Francisco's.	20
god i love [NAME]	18
Honestly, no. But even vague references would do more to help decide if it's a fresh take on something.	10
Possible Spoiler What about the [NAME] animation?	7
This makes me wonder if they fixed [NAME] having a very noticeable gap between her body and legs with her new shorts.	26
Aww how can you hate the little darling, it's so cute 	0
That game was great. THOT, be gone...	0
"Yeah he was going like ""YOOOO"" and his boy was like yo chill man tf this aint no club keep yo voice down lmao"	17
🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀I’m bad at this game🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀	9
Yeah, the robber in my comment was also 'emotionally attached' is what I meant. I don't get what your comment means lol. 	1
I don't think it's that simple. There was a lot riding on making 7 and taking too many risks probably isn't the best answer.	10
That's just sad if it's for a game	25
Goodbye cruel world.	25
This really shows how young and ignorant most of them are.	3
You're a big man	0
Oh yeah lots of elitists who think they’re a damn gemologist but know nothing 😂	10
Back in the days when you didn't have to spend almost $10 return for a simple train journey. Thanks, IPART. 	15
And why didn’t Connecticut improve as well?	7
I think you need a better partner. Continuing to go after you said you want to stop is kind of abusive.	5
Why would [NAME] retire when he still has 5 horcruxes left?	7
Try the Gourds passed gin and juice. They’re awesome also the [NAME] are great	0
I hope [NAME] has something cooking. I wanted [NAME] back	8
Thanks to the way our society has perverted it	15
Hmmm I dont think I listen to only [NAME] if I last checked. These arent INTP playlists they're just playlists I like as an INTP	10
I hope an elk will gore anyone whose still using [NAME] jokes in 2019	20
Friend of the younger sister of girl who was killed. She told me it was a bad acid trip. Very sad, family is holding a vigil tomorrow night. 	25
Correct but Reddit won't admit that as the reason.	4
That’s the face of trying your best not to smile at a bad pun.	4
What ocean are you on? Around these parts they are kind of barren.	7
Thank you very much! I will get some courage and do this.	15
Why does the feminization of a title belittle the role? I truly don't get it.	6
I miss when prequel memes was ironic	9
This is why, when I do it, I'm gonna do it as quick and brutally as possible. This is inhumane.	4
[NAME] just saw ur cosplays, you prove that attractive people dont go on inceltears. Thanks for the chuckle my insecure friend	1
"The 5 days got an audible ""[NAME]"" out of me. That's terrifying. "	14
An accurate but depressing assessment of our political system.	9
I really love this title.	18
y'know, I should try that haha... (music gets depressing) ha	1
Are you special? The game came out long after the school year began.	7
[NAME], let's celebrate together, y'all will be the king of New York. Praise Marks.	13
There are no helpful ideas like the one you're looking for. There is only one idea... Tell your parents and get authorities involved.	10
Unfortunately this is just as illegal as impeding traffic all over the city.	9
Waze is owned by google, so I'm not sure what you mean by that. Unless you just mean they are both sharing the same routing algorithm.	6
I bought them for her. Hahah she’s a sneaker head	1
Excuse me I am a very important person and I now think you're gay.	4
>ultra-conservatives Um excuse me, I'm actually a Plus Ultra Conservative, thanks!	15
Thank you!!!	15
[NAME] literally won the game of baseball that night. Like, go home, we're done, he just won baseball forever.	0
Yes and quite alot of reasons building up. Me, people, past. I hope you will be ok.	5
I figured it would be “the joke is always real in the comments.”	4
[NAME] feel bad for ye no one can take a joke	10
YOU WIN!	13
Really? Hey mods, I have this pain in my lower back just about _here_.	19
Not look much beautiful.	9
"""Seeeee! We have one of them coloureds too!"""	13
I love lighthouses	18
Good dog.	0
Oh my [NAME] I saw the rocks below the dog and feared the worst!	14
Looks like it. I didn't make it, I just found it.	22
You die.	2
he's an awesome bro	0
Good luck in the future man. We're not getting anywhere here. Have a great weekend!	20
Me too. For some reason, even the people that I know that love reading don't read Murakami. I love that lil Japanese man. 	18
Then he is still able to achieve salvation in [NAME] grace. I will pray for him, and for all your lost souls. [NAME] bless.	5
I have. Here, its implying he wants to fuck the dog. The original the dog is just scared of him.	14
Oh so it is a separate guy filming, it’s actually impressive how synced up their speeds are	0
He was having a nice stroll through the park then BAM a wedding blindsided him	3
What a beautiful moment	0
The local council is gonna have fun removing all those dodgy fillings.	1
“The game is trash but I want it.” Great logic.	3
I was the following season, would have loved to see this game and the Boro final!	18
[NAME] was pretty good too. Cuah was the best 10 tho	0
imagine if this was a league youtuber. HOW TO GET FROM IRON 4 TO PLAT 1 INSTANTLY, ABUSE THIS BEFORE IT GETS FIXED!!!	3
So you'll bleed and be in pain twice that day.	25
I am so very sorry that you are dealing with all of this	25
It’s the world record egg!	0
To be fair, are those things really mutually exclusive (as far as this show is concerned)?	7
Infacy gosples?	7
Did you just assume my networth? Fucking pleb, I'll have you in the salt mines shining boots.	3
You should have asked her out. It would have made her feel better after that and you might have scored a date.	5
I love this, if I ever get the chance to travel to California I am hitting these spots!	18
[NAME] was the best, sweetest, most deep-feeling man to ever be on the show. I will fight anyone who says otherwise. 	0
Am i the only one wondering about the white scrolly bar at the top of this post that has the intro to the story?	7
Someone please send me the full episode I need to see the rest :(	8
That’s crazy! I’ve watched every season 6 times now and I’m just realizing that they are in an office!	22
> [NAME] HAHAHAHSHSHAJSHA	1
Avoid. Without a contract he can kick you out at short notice any time And when you pay a deposit make sure it's protected.	5
Somewhere to buy a hella warm winter coat? #polarvortex	7
Let me just say that your posts over the past twelve days have brought me so much joy	17
Short and simple... More embarrassing being a janitor or being in the unemployment line?	12
What makes it a non sequitur? The point is, just because someone is in the DSA doesn't mean they are a *democratic* socialist	10
Agreed. The only sensible option is to throw half a fit when people disagree with you!	4
I wish [NAME] son was older so it be possible he did this.	8
It isn't called the immortal science for no reason ey	10
[NAME] is playing with the confidence, aggression, and awareness that I wish [NAME] and [NAME] would develop.	8
happened to me last week too with mango, the pods were half empty and wet. handling them made my finger tips hurt after a while	3
Lol at the self-own of thinking “literally” is a “big word”, with a cherry of being too stupid to understand the context on top.	1
Buying Bitcoin at it's peak is the equivalent of people buy Fyre festival tickets. I'm glad I did neither	17
Maybe a parsing or comprehension issue, but are you sitting in the water after you pee in it?	6
Wow, guess my penis is small after all..	22
I spent like 6 hours overnight browsing the top posts here when I decided to check it out I hate how much I can relate	2
Only a dozen times? That’s nothing. You can do that in one evening. You’re giving up before you even tried!	0
$11 an hour doesn't leave a lot of room to be a hero.	10
You have clear issues, get help.	5
Thank you for being open to self reflection and for sharing this.	15
This guy sports entertains.	1
bet he loves to slow dance	18
That's the best part, I can't even imagine to live forever with my shitty body	9
Hold on to your butts!	5
This is so powerful.	0
I think it is worth documenting this sort of stuff, as a reminder. They'd do this to your kids too. In a heartbeat.	0
[NAME] FINALLY fournier, [NAME]	13
It’s time to stop lad, it’s getting a little embarrassing now...	12
Shock collars are horrible. They poor pup. 😫	14
Except the federal workers won’t be facing an income reduction, only a delayed payment. I wonder if that restricts them from accessing the program. 	7
Cut rent control, then increase own housing allowance. Because fuck everybody else, am I right?	3
Yeah, that lamp was pretty tall and slender. But I don't think there were any lights on upstairs.	0
Is that why I didn't like the show? Am I too happy?	6
Wtf is it 2015 again?	7
I was pregnant!	22
He's just logged off and I can't wait for you to see the final number.	7
Fuck, my wife and I spent less than a *fifth* of that. Wow. 	2
[NAME] is insane! Better knuckle skills than any rider ever. I sure hope he has a speedy recovery from his crushed kneecap!	20
We're playing great!	0
Horrible night for dodo	14
Wow, you must've never been on /pol/ or like dozens of anti [NAME] subreddits.	26
😢 Happy Birthday [NAME]! She had an amazing role model growing up!	0
Maybe I’m an outlier, but I don’t find that contract to be outrageous for what the player is worth.	10
My dad had the same problem in the same fingers thanks Op .I'll share this with my dad.	15
Because it's a rejection of oneself, rather than acceptance. It's an expression of insecurity. It's not healthy.	10
Fourth guy had nice hair though tbh	0
Well keep planting more!!!	0
Yeah, it’s interesting how I’ve had conversations on the overground but not the underground. 	4
She is so brave 😥😭	0
If you were still here you probably heard mine! He’s a coonhound and likes to sing	0
Damn it. You beat me to pointing it out. XD	3
Omg! An attentive parent actually teaching their children to safely handle guns! The horror!	26
Incredible how you can... SEE RIGHT THROUGH ME!!!	0
[NAME] good one i like that	1
"I live in australia and even aussies say ""cook the man some eggs"" as a joke to kiwis"	1
Lol this never gets old	1
Congratulations on your appointment to such a prominent position! I was a huge fan of Utah when I went, the canyons are sick. GO KNIGHTS GO 	15
I'm supposed to be going to see [NAME] at the cinema tonight. Truely resenting this decision, want to watch [NAME] so bad	8
If you love the mountains, you should really check it out. The valley can get pretty smoggish in the winter, but usually it's beautiful.	0
Yes that's correct, without TWDG no story based game would exist , but i still like LiS	0
Why is this here?	7
> I can't see a teenage girl naming her only son the same name that her baby daddy's actual wife's trueborn son is. /r/brandnewsentence	10
I just walked past y'all! Wish I had seen this thread earlier.	20
If it's a real challenge for you, u can help you with a ban. Then it's trivial 	20
Same business model as playboy — people bought the magazine for the sexy ladies but the writing was excellent.	0
I bet you’re really fun at parties.	17
Im glad your out too! Im glad you found joy in camping =)	17
THANK YOU!	15
Nowadays I get nervous watching Steelers defense. Back then, I couldn't wait to see what they'd do next.	19
Well, we did win the only Ghosts tournament we played together. I think 7/8 with the 1 being a 2nd has to at least be considered.	4
Just sitting in the fast lane fishing for tickets. Ugh.	3
"> ""NOPE!"" Had a good laugh out of that"	1
What's good kid? Sorry for the racism.	24
sorry mr brolobo	24
It's so satisfying. It's the little things that makes pubg the best!	0
I wanted to know if there’s was another like meaning to the whole selfie thing not if she liked me or not	7
"Watch ""Garfunkel and Oates - The Loophole"" if you haven't already"	4
Stop laughing at me.	2
Oops. My bad	9
One my favorite seasons to rewatch. All the glorious fights. [NAME] is forever a queen	17
You sound like a douche.	23
They were pretty cool in, like, 2010, but then everyone seemed to realize that you could write on the wipeboard with the same effect. 	22
Plymouth: Confederate flags Diesel pick up trucks Dead factories Heart disease and disappointment	9
"Innovation means ""I pridefully made this"" in China."	21
Last nights euro run had over a foot for most of the area lol. Its probably overdone but still crazy	1
He was such a pet!! Beautiful looking dog	0
Sitting here, waiting for the price to drop so i can buy more. I guess it's not gonna happen.	9
Couldn’t agree more with you. Thanks for this post!	15
I agree but if we fell behind we lost the game without any chance. But let us be grateful that we have a Toplaner that is really godlike xd	4
Yup, thanks, I've got someone coming this week - good idea	15
This isn't about football, [NAME] is a horrible dude.	10
it's a good thing they had a screen protector on it	0
Also not true. Germany had pervasive antisemetism long before [NAME]. Ignoring that error your argument is horrible and you should be ashamed.	12
Jobby is a new one for me, is that another way of saying taking a crap?	6
lol, suit yourself.	1
I don't have a problem with this if their hands are clean.	4
Thank you so much, kind stranger. I really need that	15
You’re a vet; you at least WERE poor lol. I’m a vet too dude I know the struggle.	1
Whaaat. I liked Season 8 [NAME]. I wish the whole love arc between him and [NAME] had never been a thing, but I liked [NAME]. 	18
I'm sorry, no. The hostess was 15. I was 24. At the steakhouse, only hostess girls answered phones.	25
It sounds like you’re the one who is afraid of the internet. Relax, bud. You’re on r/cringe 	14
I went to the theaters by myself just to go see it lol. I rewatched it last night too. If anybody needs a link, PM me!	1
The point is no 13yr old is perfect and shit happens that doesn't mean they were scumbags that deserved to die for making the wrong choice.	9
Cool. Thanks for the tips!	15
I am not saying that I think many of the latest disputes my husband and i have had ours for a little while longer.	10
If you’re downloading from windows I believe so	4
You've been muted. Usually awarded for extreme toxicity, don't worry though its temporary.	5
I am just saying that it makes no sense in Russian	10
And? Did i say they didnt? Read the whole thread you bimbo	2
"r/mildlyinteresting's stupid ""guys look at this thing I made aren't I cool??"" posts are the absolute worst"	11
will watch the films, thanks for the recommendation 	15
Thank you very much for the advice I didn't really have anywhere else to turn	15
It's great.	0
That ice is dangerously thin for such a hot take.	14
[NAME] loves it	18
Thanks! I didn't understand til now	15
4! The sweetest year.	17
[NAME] has been really good this game and I thought he was good against the coyotes as well.	0
Pretty sure it was a joke bud	4
did you just use a gendered term I don't know. It just looks cute to me.	0
[NAME] looks too creepy,but it's a very nice drawing.	14
If you ever need to talk to some one and just vent to just DM me.	5
Fuck Liberty Counsel. They are a hate group.	2
Aww that was endearing [NAME].	18
Pretty sure [NAME] graduated, and I would assume the [NAME] thing has to be related to the injury...	4
I love gold !!	18
I love this movie! One of my favorite little touches is the music [NAME] character is listening to	18
so, when and how do we pull a lando and turn on vader?	7
Your life must be miserable. That's sad somehow	25
"[NAME], I thought we warned you about trying to collect ""data"" from this place."	3
Minor league team names are often embarrassing...Biscuits, Rumble Ponies, Sand Gnats. Baby Cakes is particularly awful though, I’ll grant you that.	11
Would you give your used underwear to your best friend/romantic interest? >!I know I have.!<	7
"Gotta love the ""its a metaphor"" guy, who has apparently never read any other comments by [NAME]"	18
Stuff like this is why I subscribed in the first place.	4
I didn’t realize people cared so much about phones.	22
no worries! expense double date ;p I hope you have a nice time!	20
Makes me very happy indeed.	17
Enjoy a weekend of eating ice cream 100% guilt free. (That's standard practice for wisdom teeth still, right?)	17
I think this divorce is planned so that people will stop pointing fingers at the insane rich person robbing the wealth of the people.	4
Yeah it kinda sucks, that much is for sure, I'm just wondering if anyone knows why or has the same problem	6
Thanks for comin' out.	15
Nice work as always dish.	0
“and THAT’S how you kiss!”	13
And NO DOGS sign. This is perfect.	0
Thank you. We're as messed up and fallible as any other set of parents, but we're trying to learn from our mistakes.	15
[NAME] will probably get something as worse as [NAME] in ep4	3
This is so sad. [NAME], play 'bitch lasagna'	25
You deserve the same love. Those things are still true with you. You deserve love too.	5
Sure, but he still died again a couple of years (decades?) later. So the copyright is still up.	4
Yeah I live in Philadelphia. I also get told I look 14 constantly so I haven’t bothered trying to even get in hah	4
Oh [NAME] I needed that laugh	8
I would love to hear [NAME] and [NAME] in Podcast	18
Best game I've watched from Barcelona since the other 6-1 two years ago!	0
**WAIT THAT WAS A REAL STORY!?!?!? WHAT THE FUCK**	26
I like the new colors significantly better. Old ones might have been some of the worst in OWL.	11
True, but I meant he has no holiday themed skin from any of those events and all his skins (volsksya included) are pretty bland sadly...	25
Oh I (and he) did not realize that. I’ll correct him the next time I see him.	22
I like [NAME].	18
A lack of the romantic partner is the stressful situation in my life.	25
I've played around pretty extensively with this mod in [NAME] mode with friends. I'd recommend it.	4
It would be funny if that guy got hit with a car at the end tho.	1
Okay, thanks for the clarification!	15
That's why I added the edit	22
Yup. That doesn't contradict what I said- this isn't a derailing conversation that I was starting.	10
Their sounds of silence cover is very good	0
Also the people there would love our scarlet and gold colors (I'm Chinese).	18
Go on a group vacation!! Or a concert weekend that’d be fun!	17
They live was a great film.	0
This was posted, word for word, on r/CrazyIdeas not too long ago. It's a joke	1
Lmao That’s a blatant lie, ~1000 people were killed by American cops last year compared to 52 cops killed by civilians 	1
I don't disagree with anything there.	10
More like the choir isn't here, it's on Instagram	4
Love the Ana's that peek snipe and get wrecked by [NAME], [NAME] or [NAME]. Good times.	18
I’ve done pajamas before but I think sweatpants would be way too thick	4
[NAME] did a YT vid and now everyone trying to be like him. Sad!	25
Have a good night, mate!	5
I would really Like to know about the ride back	7
Thanks dude. Shit happens!	15
But how late is too late?	7
This is the proper timing	4
Just a pretty parrot. He pops over to say g'day to a mate of mine most sunny arvo's.	0
Will come back rich and driving his goddamn Bentley	20
I'm very motivated to make things as easy/optimized as possible so that I can be as lazy as possible.	20
Excelerate are looking really good yo. They've outslayed every map, are executing perfect plays. Fun, playing to their full potential.	0
So Green Bay doesn't get him... I'd be sad for the kid.	25
HHahah. Right? I’m scared	14
Looking for 3 tix for the Leafs on the 10th. Upper or lower. Thanks!	15
It's already the 2nd here, but happy new years! 🎉	17
Wow. I dig that.	0
Yup, it was a complete waste of time.	3
I'll try. Thank you	15
Thank you kindly :)	15
Idk about that, but if you were being genuine I apologize. I just don't think that is the case in this situation.	24
This is so true.	4
This. One of my biggest pet peeves. What the hell does it even mean?	3
What in the fuck was [NAME] doing there	2
The Nexus 6 is my favourite phone even though its a few years old but no one knows Moto or Nexus phones so.....	18
[NAME] investigation has already paid for itself thanks to Manafort. Try harder.	15
Ooooooo that burns!!! 🔥🔥 🤣 This is amazing.	0
Not gonna bother reading that you're not gonna change my mind lol	1
Is this [NAME]?	26
Lol I even got called transphobic. Love to not be allowed to dislike Mother.	1
This joke hasn't really worked since the 11th Century. Even then it wasn't that funny.	10
Girlfriend is straight off of Shop Hush social app and onto reddit. Someone tell her, its slightly embarrassing.	12
This is like the third repost of this. But yes, very sad indeed.	25
Nah, they're a fraction as immature and petulant as the politician we can't ignore that actually affects our lives.	3
Wait, I'm confused now. A brain can only handle so much.	6
Takes a lot less effort to just say “fuck off, buy your own.”	4
> That shit happens all the time with cabs. No. It does not	10
I feel like I'm watching a scene in an action movie but with penguins	26
I was hoping this day would	20
Question for [NAME] the incentive to work hard?	7
Oh you got me. Good one.	0
The soviet union was state capitalist? So was china?? Is this deluded meme still alive wtf?! Lol grow up you helplessly indoctrinated idiots	1
That's certainly one part of the puzzle, though arguably they are non-noahide as they historically advocated for incest marriage, but maybe it is different now.	6
Lol, I love you you drunk bastard!! Now CHUG!! 	18
Wouldn't that be the western sky? Also very beautiful pic, OP.	0
It's just a sexy hamburgler cosplay	0
I drove through there dropping off an uber passenger and I was really amazed by how beautiful it is.	0
Lots of hugs, kiddo ! They ***are*** heifers !	18
This is great news. Congratulations!	0
Doesn't like hearing the truth	10
What’s wrong with [NAME] lmao	1
Omgggg i’m dying at Stassi. She looks like she was going for a jersey shore look. Shes still gorgeous though	0
I love the book - much better than the movie imo!	18
One of the podcasts I listen to, pump talks, bought one from [NAME] for a girls birthday and apparently it was very sweet! 	0
So insightful!	0
Hey, 3/4 of BB20 was amazing. 	0
Wait, wut? I thought there was some sort of (2) term pledge from	26
Yelling that to them seems correct. Did they respond?	7
He said this awhile ago. His splits away from coors scares me.	14
I know this was a common thing, but never knew that were so many creative names for it until I read this thread. 	22
Kids disturb more and are MORE ANNOYING.	3
Very weird game but will definitely take the W	4
His character was created to be a love interest and it's literally the only thing they know how to use him for.	18
A hatred for loot boxes and a desire to get them banned was quite popular on Reddit.	10
The lil dance he does after is amazing too	0
glad to hulp	15
Silver is actually not bad in terms of people playing good comps... its when you get to low gold and high gold that keep me liking silver lmao.	1
is it big market privilege? Cause the braves got fucked for similar crimes.	6
Ah, I see. Thanks for the clarification.	15
lol [NAME] would definitely do this if [NAME] was that dumb to take this offer.	1
Ain’t that the truth. August is Hell!!	26
Looks like a cool location.	0
I think it's normal and fine and would second the suggestion to have her check into a weighted blanket.	4
Same here. And I really dislike strangers and groups, so groups of strangers are a next-level nightmare. 	3
So prison isn't enough? You want him raped? That's disgusting.	11
Interesting, hopefully somebody might be able to provide you an answer.	20
Thanks for your input, I should have clarified the pop part of pop psych.	15
Folks, the Baconator is great! Ask anyone, it's the best sandwich. The bacon is amazing. Great sandwich.	0
Yes. He’s a much better option than [NAME]	4
. beautiful you have a way with words here	0
Gotta love Alabama School Fundraisers. You know that dad paid big bucks with how excited he is	0
Everyone hates guys that talk shit and can't back it up, don't start shit when you suck.	2
Shut up [NAME]	2
"if it's ""unavailable"" it's deffo not from the cold lol :D"	1
What does the buzz feel like?	6
Yum, I love a little pigeon mixed with my grain.	18
Am I the only one who really wants to know exactly what shit went down between them??	7
Can’t believe we’re letting [NAME] go. So much energy since he’s come on.	26
Large weight fluctuations + a baby have caused my body to look cute in clothes -- Not so cute without them.	12
How incredibly dangerous	14
Right. Because [NAME] was a circumcized [NAME] who died for our sins.	4
Dude, you look fine bro. Even at 26 and still in school. You’re fine bro.	4
Yea it’s custom, me and a friend of mine were messing around seeing what we could sit on...	6
Ace ventura is a fantastic film outside the extreme transphobia	0
Is “the end of the sky” a phrase I’ve not heard of? Or is there some other wordplay I don’t get?	6
OF COURSE IT WON FUCKIN PRETENTIOUS ASS FUCKING SLOW POINTLESS MOVIE OH BLACK AND WHITE WOWWWW	3
What a beautiful response!	0
Good for you!	0
If [NAME] inferior pinning move can pierce hyper armour why can't my man Glad.	7
Fuck man I didn’t plan on crying in my cube today	2
Let people worship if they want to. It’s time for us to move forward and focus on bettering our own lives	4
Thanks, this means a lot! I will do don't worry :)	15
The phone calls in the first 10 minutes are absolutely damning.	3
Great post - much appreciated. Gave me some good points to ponder.	0
That's kind of sad to be honest.	25
you're right, it's all very murky	4
I don't know who that is	6
That's pretty funny imo	1
“So even if vaccination did cause autism...WHICH IT FUCKING DOESN’T!” Pure genius.	0
I’m actually not! From USA, sadly. 🙃 Edited to add: unless you didn’t mean me, then I apologize! 	25
I would love to be cut open for no reason while I miss work spending weeks, and possibly even years, recovering!	18
Well technically [NAME], [NAME] and [NAME] get eliminated again but from the ones still in the competition yes no one goes home	22
Completely disgusting.	11
I'm a guy and it's the same for me! I'm glad I'm not the only one who feels this way. 😊	17
I want this cat	8
Weird how he doesn't have to say the word review in order to spend the entire article reviewing	12
Thank you for not just writing some bullshit and actually being creative. Followed this sub for scary ideas but usually get cliche garbage. So Again, thanks	15
I understand why he's confused but [NAME] is the host of the show, he can't just leave	10
You’re right. Pressing f.	4
Very cool of /[NAME] to host me for RPGs last night, and especially for stepping up to run a game on short notice. Thanks homie!	15
This sounds nice, but then with what urgency would Congress have to end a partisan gridlock?	6
I just enjoy using intelligent words...? I left him	17
This is amazing	0
Might be an overestimate at this point.	10
I will call the police if you dont stop harassing me	2
Thank you for your service	15
There are racist morons everywhere.	2
Top ten nicest things anyone has ever said to me!	0
Will the full squads (+subs) be announced before the league starts? Curious as to who teams put down as their subs	7
You said it wrong.	10
You seem fun	17
> freak degenerates who live to subvert all [RELIGION] values and Prods What? Are you for real? [NAME], tell me it isn't true.	7
At least I dont care about any of them.	2
I don’t believe the mislintat or the big joke parts	10
OOF, well if im dancing with someone i dont really look at their crotch so im pretty surd ur fine. How old are u	23
Really I like the new fatalities	18
thanks for the recap	15
I don't understand the question. Do you stand to lose something by acting like an adult with integrity?	7
i actually dont mind either of those	4
Its not just kids being kids, stop being so naive	3
I want a pizza flair!!	8
Oh wow, this is the first I've heard of her aligning with those people. 	26
Thank you for this!	15
[NAME]. Gun crimes are pretty much unheard of on that side of the pond, isn't it? RIP.	16
What a totally innocent and integral part of our society! So glad our tax money can keep him company over his year long holiday!	0
Enthusiasm is not helpful, got it. Edit: lol what a bunch of snowflakes.	1
Heard Sale players yelling at the refs and nothing has come of it, seems odd to suddenly have an issue with it	3
If this data were exportable in CSV format. I would love this website long time. (Github link for feature contributions maybe?)	18
There's a difference between use and ownership. They aren't equivalent.	10
You know more liberals want more gun control than regular [NAME] do, right? 	3
Maybe delve into existentialism, read books from existentialist authors? Not that I'm a big fan of it, but maybe that could help you out.	5
I wake up and think I have to go to school and then realize I've graduated and I'm going to work	22
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **6th Cakeday** [NAME]! ^(hug)	18
Thank you for sharing your perspective, and talent.	15
Okay please share your biggest mistake and let me decide if I fail to see how that could happen	4
aha my favorite reply :)	17
No kids? Who cares. Go your separate ways.	10
Holy shit that was fucking bad...	2
PAC man looks too fast	0
that's a pretty cool box art. Shame the beetle's hand isn't actually wrapped around the stick though.	0
YOU'RE CORRECT AND YET THEY ARE CORRECT ALSO	4
The fact this isn't a [NAME] Attorney at Law Gif about this makes me kinda sad.	25
Yeah that is definitely tough on the processor as it's running a software emulator and the game the whole time	4
How she used the entire video without any editing.... that’s copyright	26
Out of curiosity, why won’t you play Odyssey?	7
yeah definitely so what i'm thinking is, we remake it, but also, add a divekick button	4
Haha sorry I’m still pretty clueless about this app	12
Aw no. Don't tell me you are out of epic quips to rek the trumpist incel fascist nazi?	10
Thank you for providing an unbiased & sensible opinion.	15
Thank you much! At least it's just hair, it'll be back	15
Allowed to, sure. Just don't expect me to provide you lube. And don't complain to me when you start chafing.	10
Its worth it for the other big character they bring in.	0
Hitachi Magic Wand Thank me later.	15
You need to see a feeding specialist. Outright refusal to eat to the point of starvation is almost always a serious issue.	4
That’s literally the stupidest thing ever If you think that what is stopping it to be applied to more than just bi-sexuality Seems a bit self destructive	3
I'm asking if you didn't realize orthodoxy considers not Orthodox movements to be wrong. I'm asking if you didn't realize what the implications are	3
[NAME]... why you do this?	6
And to think all along I was wondering if it was left hand turn day or just me!	26
It sucks that you had to go through that. I hope you're doing fine now (and your kids if any).	20
I'm curious, because this reminds me of where I used to go to school: What town is it?	7
I almost thought this was gonna turn into a story of your tissue you'd been reusing for months. I'm glad it was not lol	1
Where is you fur, human? You're a disgrace for all young generations	9
Something like that lol	1
Yes I do. Two bartenders can easily bring home $4k a month each.	4
I don't see the weirdness there. Also, yes, him then and now could spit in my mouth and I'd be perfectly ok with it.	4
i do love how absolutely distraught the girls look	18
I'm rank 6 and get destroyed for using legion, what build do you use? I absolutely love legion just here getting ran over	18
01/11/19 - pretty easy to remember as it is the day my band released it's first full length record. The release day gig was also pretty neat!	0
I loved ScienceBowl and KnowledgeBowl in highs school. Wish we had a college bowl.	18
i’m fking crying lmaoooo	1
Anyone can edit those pages, so I wouldn't get too excited by that yet (but I hope it's true).	20
[NAME] killed him and was only in for like 5 minutes...	4
So. He is such a premature ejaculator that he goes before someone can take a breath? That's just amazing.	0
I asked at the Bodies Reveled show if they used prisoner bodies.. I got an awkward no.	12
Ah so gang rapes aren't a thing anymore, eh? Glad to hear that. 	23
This is r/tifu. If you're not caught jacking it into the turkey, you're doing it wrong. 	10
With the weather we are having, it is a surprise when a battery works.	26
Technology bad!	11
Guys this team is SOOO FUN THO!!!! LIKE OMG	1
Thank you so much for the help 😊	15
I prefer to use a welding torch. I like the ozone and ultraviolet clean feeling and smells. Never have to wash the sheets either.	4
21 million went to [NAME] throughout his tenure…ridiculous	11
Happiness is not earned, it is a choice that can be made once your basic needs are met.	17
But what about terminal pulp space infections that can lead to osteomyelitis of terminal phalanx? The reasoning I read was thrombosis of end artery.	7
I read that too and was nowhere near as useful as being that valuable.	4
Now it's cheering for the two to come back	17
Hates the patriarchy...has an iPhone designed by a man. So hypocrite can be added to the list of bullshit that makes up your personality	3
All skin heads? Interesting choice.	7
Not really, more of a toxic poverty problem. Women get overworked too.	9
Someone you guys are on Grindr just to screenshot your own witty replies to men trying to bang you, don’t deny it.	3
Fucking love my pixel 2 ended up hating every Apple device I owned	18
I think they were just doing their job. Reporting what they saw. And yea that was the happiest I have seen [NAME]. Weird.	26
I wholeheartedly agree with you. I suspect that children this age don't quite understand this	4
It doesn’t really change anything, just side with your preference 	4
are you dumb bro? please watch again and don’t downvote me for stating facts. holy shit you’re inept.	3
I live an hour from one but was afraid of driving all the way there and them telling me that I have to order one.	14
It's amazing the advantage that you have when you advocate for the ruling oligarchs.	0
"FUCK OFF THAT""S A PEN"	2
you sound pretty TRIGGERED bro hahaha	0
It's fairly good	0
poor little dude! Glad he's okay. He and his brother have a story to tell now.	25
She has a dirty mind perfectly fine looking cannon until she manifest the awkward scenario.	12
I mean China, India, and Pakistan have nukes and won't exactly take being exterminated lightly.	22
I'm gonna say that I hate Randazzo's because of their terrible icing. Haydel's is decent and ships.	11
This is a terrible tip. Please think before doing something like this.	5
You would know if you weren't such a Filthy Ricefield Peasant.	11
Thank you. I appreciate the advice and I agree with what you said about therapy but I'll keep trying.	15
>Being sexually desired False, since there are a lot of things you can change on yourself to be more desirable. Also you act out of experience.	22
Supposedly friend's wife is like this. I don't get it at all.	6
This can’t be the end of the back, garbage TV! I’ll miss you!	25
I'll share some soon. Just as a heads up: There seems to be quite a bit of trickery going on.	6
Ones with close ties to SA, anyway. An escaped apostate won't exactly be itching to run home.	10
EO here. This is correct. It's folk theology, popular with some, but is certainly not dogma.	4
Mate none of these are accurate. I only read these articles as an excuse to get mad at something	10
I saw it on the internet, so it must be true!	4
The King of DoorDash. Great work as always.	0
When you glossed over [NAME] history to make a cheap shot at a democrat. That type of dishonesty is kind of your trademark	3
It’s a [NAME], very fun guns to shoot. Nothing like a good old lever action sometimes!	1
More insults, [NAME] said my bit now all you have is a show that proves what I said to be the truth, nothing more nothing less.	12
LHW is such a barren shithole that I’d be more excited for this than anyone at 205 getting a shot	13
>ribs My condolences on your loss.	16
This sub can be so ridiculously cynical. It's just a pretty picture of a sign!	2
No, this was changed years ago. Schools don't lose funding.	10
Its horrifying to think about getting separated from your family, friends and the culture you were living into somewhere new and unfamiliar just like that	25
Capitalism ha shifted like a huge population of the earth out of poverty, so things are globally getting better	4
> Or is this another attempt to get remainers on-side without actually committing to anything? Pretty much	6
Thank you.	15
Hey [NAME], welcome to reddit! How's your first day? There's no chance you had a previous username, is there?	7
She has pretty hair.	0
Do it successfully and coal country will still say it’s a stupid idea.	3
You’re right, republicans are worse because they have nukes.	11
I love you more	18
The orange man angers me and I do not like him.	2
i hope you get fired or rejected from your job for some stupid arbitrary reasons, maybe then you'll wise the fuck up	20
What a legend	0
No compromise, the Democrats are finally showing some goddamn backbone. 	3
My man loves his beer more than anything in the world.	18
"Sorry but why does it matter that you're ""from /r/All""? "	15
Thank you soooo much 😍	15
Saame god I try to picture myself as a more attractive version of myself if that makes sense but it's all just fantasy :(.	8
Wanting to have immigration controls is in no way, shape, or form racist. 	8
I'm glad you're safe - but don't feel sorry for him. He knows what he is doing.	17
Damn... 😑	3
thank you man	15
It usually comes out after people catch me dissociating.	25
oh lol Im personally a mess. I always have been.	1
Oh my heck, thanks so much for correcting me. 😆	15
Nope what’s it about?	7
Idk [NAME] is my vote bois	4
I hate fags	2
Well, my upcoming adverts are going to be interesting!	17
Imagine thinking like this. I feel kinda bad for them.	25
This will be her first non-numerical-titled album, so I’m curious what she’s gonna go with for an album title 	7
Exhibit A, lol	1
Thats who I thought it was too😂	22
That backfired in the most delightful way.	0
Right before that he called [NAME] for getting barged in the back and nearly kicked in the face. Weird performance. Didn't change the result mind	11
...and I think you just jinxed it. I hope not 🤞🏽	20
Well, never thought I'd be here, but here I am, someone who passionately hates the Florida Panthers 	3
💕❤️💕 I believe in you. Stay strong	5
U will hate it shortly	2
I was AF enlisted too hahaha	17
I'm lactose intolerant, still I hope u OP and everyone else loves their slices.	18
Has it been confirmed fake yet? Or is it just really obvious that it's fake?	6
Man fuck, I didn't come here for these feels...	3
What if your only job was recovery?	7
Sorry, I’m just so hungry right now 	25
WAIT IS THIS FUCKING LOSS!?!	2
She is my favorite model from American Eagle store. Such beauty and so positive.	0
I was never a fan of it. It should be a regular foul.	10
Thank you!	15
I don't even know. Fyi I have this disorder that made me even antisocial day by day...	10
He looks like [NAME] soooo... accurate.	4
I like how you ignored the point about Blade Runner.	18
yea ok dude	4
I'm here through the week. So far I've met [NAME], French and Haitian people and it's been amazing!	13
It will probably take him some time to figure out whether he’s really ok with it or not.	4
Are they sure one didn't kill the other and themselves?	7
"I think you need to explore your motivations a bit more. I very much doubt you just want to know and ""That's all."""	4
I laughed.	1
Ik some of my fav episodes of recent	18
[NAME] damn I love Coops	18
Tell them personally how you feel and that you want things to change for better	8
Exactly, you never know. Good luck for Monday!	15
I was thinking 1-2 in each eye might stop the threat, but if I'm being honest I'd be worried about the ensuing legal struggle...	9
The furry community loves it.	18
I'm always stuck in platinum because every match is a loss, no healer what so ever	9
Still not as bad as [NAME] not being able to figure out how to push a god damn button.	3
Its to hard to write for [NAME]?	7
This is awesome!	0
he ignored a question I asked him as well he is not big into responding.	3
I fell asleep with the feeds on last night and woke up pretty frightened at the noises coming from my computer. Thank you for casting Tom BB hahahaha	15
Genetic science is changing the jewelry game?	7
I refuse to watch this. Lifetime exploiting [NAME] gross behavior to sell 'entertainment'.	10
Lots of them are in really beautiful unique buildings. The one in folkestone in particular is pretty amazing.	0
Wish they would’ve cancelled work when it was -40 last week but I guess that’s somewhat expected in Canada.	8
That's exactly why I think it would be a bad idea to scrap the program wholesale. Though, I still think that stadium is ludicrous. 	20
If it's Fttn, then not much, maybe worse, because it's still using that shitty old rusted copper running through that same old leaky pit	2
The comic relief of the cat world - when they’re not tearing the flesh from your bones	23
What other account do you think is mine?	7
True, but it'll happen sooner than a constitutional amendment will.	20
damnit i've been enjoying the mutual pisstaking with my Swedish mate	3
Yes, amazing price! Everyone I told was completely shocked!	0
Srs I saw this post and I’m confused that this is considered a hack.	6
While I agree that the biggest problem is [NAME], [NAME] had to go too.	4
Hi [NAME]. Glad you are joining us and am looking forward to watching your episode. Did you do sleeve or rny? I am having rny in 2 weeks!	7
did you ever play starcraft on N64? it was like pulling your own teeth with an N64 controller	7
I’m really glad to read that ex-spouses are friends after. Good for you all!	17
US postal service right? Might have something to do with the government shutdown, but I’m not sure.	7
Fucking hell! I've been out there protesting orange people all this time. I need funding for new signs!	2
Wait so you can do that infinitely, even with placed campfires?	6
Who are these outraged [NAME] women?!	7
It's different when it's your younger sibling, people 	22
What a horrible person	14
Thank you.. Yeah if she just want to talk she is definitely wasting my time.	15
That’s not a good thing to do. And taking it into account for sentencing is fine. But she’s still guilty.	10
My biggest question is: who is [NAME]? Also: who are the [NAME]? Also: who is [NAME]?	6
I think it doesn't have to be only in school, but anyway, good attitude, I'm sure you can overcome it (with patience)	0
Shows you how important posing is...	22
Why!? I just don’t understand why? Somebody tell me why?	6
I'm late to the party but she looks like she could get up!!	4
I think it was roughing and unsportsmanlike conduct for the chirp or something stupid like that. I couldn't believe [NAME] got away with that	3
[NAME] consistently being the guy with most energy. We need him on the floor more.	0
Deadass? Shoook?? Come on [NAME], do you really talk like that? You sound dumb. 	6
[NAME] still looks fresh for 40 years old.	0
Hoooo boy am I ready for a masterpiece	13
This right here... most of the orders I have done on shipt have not tipped. Not sure why customers feel entitled on that platform.	6
If my team lost like that, I’d definitely be very upset. Just hard to see it.	9
Don't forget to snack constantly to keep your metabolism up! /s	5
I'm curious, what you mean? 	7
"""Holding [NAME] up like baby [NAME] would be a fantastic way to excite a fan base that’s been neglected for years."""	13
Talk to your grandparents... you will be surprised on how much general knowledge they have to share.	26
Thanks for explaining. I hope you'll fill out the survey!	15
because you are in danger of appropriating methhead culture.	14
A few years ago a lot of shows tried to do a “second screen experience”. It didn’t work and died a quiet death.	9
Seriously. [NAME] is a hero. I heard he was a volunteer firefighter during 9/11.	0
cuteee	0
Of course it is. If it's called #bellletstalk. Not #letstalk.	4
>lol that's [NAME]	1
It's been a while since I watched anything from WWE and new [NAME] looks like the homeless version of old Lince Dorado.	10
I don't need any [NAME]. But if At the Gates actually I made a game, I'd be interested.	13
So sorry to hear that matey. What a good dog. Give him lots of pets.	24
I'd be fine on the highway, really only stop and go and hill starts, and reversing that I have problems with. 	10
Yeah, that's what we call it too. Have you been to Madina Masjid in Toronto? 	4
What does that even mean?	6
Considering that was a very early episode of SU, making tall trans women feel good is awesome :D	0
I thought he was guaranteed to sign with the Padres lol	1
That was nasty... but also the most real thing I’ve seen on the show lately.. lol	11
This definitely seems like medical advice is needed?	6
love em or hate em I think we can all agree that was blatant PI	6
That's actually a really good one. Atleti fans also seem to love him and literally everyone who faces him despises him.	0
Idk how to use any.... the 5th one looks scary	14
The only term I really use is “sis” for effect, imo referring to a guy as “she/her” is a little weird to me 	3
I hope you find him, but WHY didn't you exchange numbers???	20
it's so cold today I nearly cried just from the temperature and wind I DONT LIKE IT	10
Enjoy friend.	5
Turn in them. Who cares if they’re your cousins. They’re not three years old. They should know better.	3
[NAME] bless [NAME]	5
Hmmm, mildly interesting :)	7
Hit my head on a bench doing parkour. Looked like that lol	1
Can’t be worse than last week	11
[NAME]? Is that you?	7
Sorry, What I meant to say was if it had been worded differently it wouldn't have the same effect. 	24
The people of NI need to know the joy of football special	8
Okaaaay? I'm not sure how to respond to that, no offense.	6
Here’s hoping!	20
Thanks, do we know how this document has been publicised, and if it's not a fake document 	15
Well when ever you want to see her check the cahpters she is in :) haha	1
Thank you a lot! Btw that user name tho 😆	15
I want a sense of progression and accomplishment in overwatch, something golden guns and skins dont give me anymore :)	8
I dont understand this personality thing? Most guys aren't that interesting but they will still end up with a girl.	6
I hope G2 such a great org	20
He's a good fit, not a perfect fit. Same goes for [NAME]. 	0
My balls are telling me it’s a 2nd, but I like the feel of your balls lmao	1
Dr [NAME] is the best! :)	0
Why is that a concern? Their not language students nor are they part of an international language program.	6
If you google translate it means “nugget” which I find hilarious.	1
I kinda want it to stay a great mystery of the world, otherwise it would ruin the true magic of it	7
better yet. cancel your subscription to Netflix and go for a walk. much better for you anyway.	4
That’s good to hear..I’m so worried I’ll be making the wrong choice by leaving my job I hate soon.	17
Then your education must have been pretty poor lol	1
If I’m ever like that, suffocate me with a pillow.	3
[NAME] is hot garbage on that court. He has been the biggest disappointment of any player this season.	9
Omg lmfao!!	26
That is embarrassing, but at least they know you're not lying about the cause! 	12
I didn't like the family ending but I liked the Atlantis ending especially as we know we are going to see more of it in DLC2.	4
i’m sorry i don’t have the box with me	25
Wow after that [NAME] turnover, I've never turned off a game so fast	26
They are worth the time it takes to write them. Thank you for returning!	15
This has nothing to do with weebs, anime, mlp, katana, or 4chan. This is just doesn't belong hear.	10
True but the majority of plastic used is for the shelved grocery items. Pasta, rice, coffee are in every household and are all packaged in plastic 	4
You know, you’re right, she didn’t take the opportunity as seriously as she should have it seems	4
If your team has no healer I really hope u get the heal talent	20
Is there such a thing as a typical case? That seems like a somewhat dangerous attitude for any doctor.	7
Sounds fun, is it?	1
I love this passive aggressiveness!!	18
Full time tennis fans are pompous and annoying.	3
which is the very issue because he banned me	3
I want G League over here in Spokane so bad!	8
I’m so glad I’m not the only one. Since everything happened I’ve always thought I was just overly sensitive	22
Ripped but not bulky is anything but unremarkable. So, attractive, talented, and rich. I can't imagine what women see in guys like that.	0
Thank you for fading	15
It's not even Goats. Just got to the point I realised the Devs don't care about what happens below high elo.	22
Oh okay. Thanks.	15
Her track record is pretty shaky	9
But transit is amazing here.	0
[NAME] love for you	18
And butt. I can't believe butt cracks are blurred in US shows!	10
honestly surprised i havent lost power	26
I didn't turn the sounds on because I'm in bed and it LOOKS nasally	10
Cheers for that!	17
I'm starting to think you're just an idiot.	3
I'm pretty sure [NAME] was just joking. Not really sad cringe.	1
Look at that subtle colouring. The tasteful thickness. Oh my [NAME]. It even has a watermark.	0
Luckily you can see the Big 5 within about 45 minutes from Joburg, so get the car and Google some activities. Loads of fun to be had. 	1
Super fake news. This wasn't brought up when directly asked about it in previous testimony.	10
Thank you! I had no idea this existed	15
it will be the compilation of 3 games, don't get your expectations that high.	10
I'm surprised no one's talking about the guy in the picture. What a thrussy!	26
And you know they never grow out of that...I hate people. Myself included.	2
Yes, is there any way we can do this? Cos fuck that POS.	2
No, just act surprised if anything comes of it. 	26
That mantra got me through my first 5 years!	22
I think someone else should open a drive through so I can enjoy the flavours without the dishes aha	17
I fat fingered it haha I meant 18	1
This is so infuriating.	2
this looks natty with ideal picture conditions	0
Is it manipulation if it is 100% true, 100% genuine, and 100% good advice?	7
I love to see the Celtics give up [NAME] and [NAME] only to have [NAME] walk to literally any other team	18
Can you snap a picture of that pinky in your butthole, friend? 	7
You're welcome! And whoops, my bad. I did not know that, thank you. I edited it up above.	15
Thanks! Fridays...and Saturdays...and Sundays...all gonna be long, lol. Ack!	15
Yeah, a lot of people conveniently forget how devastating spacial apartheid was, and how permanent it's effects were designed to be.	3
I really enjoyed Fractured But Whole, but I don't remember the meals being significant (it's been like a year). Can you explain?	17
Was almost hit by some idiot yesterday that drove straight through a red light and into a crossing.	2
Usually they ask, and the generic is almost always cheaper. It's shitty of them not to ask though. 	9
It would feel amazing. Which would scare you. So you would crush it. Along with yourself.	0
“I’ll never have a playoff mandate” go fuck yourself [NAME]	2
I am eternally grateful that youtube did not exist while I was doing all my weird shit growing grow.	15
"I will donate money to the ""Buy a striker fund"" [NAME] up top is beyond frustrating. "	3
Just so you know the reason opponents were few in the 2018 election is because the opposition boycotted	22
[NAME] does love [NAME] I absolutely love Turkey- it's a shame I don't see myself visiting any time soon	18
Oh whoops, I misread the original comment	22
You are megalophobic, my friend. Welcome to the club.	15
[NAME] lol. I eat what I want.	3
Will we see [NAME] as PM before that? We shall see	7
Don’t waste money on guns, you’ll be given all the best guns in the story	20
Come on how would gladiators let [NAME] go.	6
No fucking clue	6
They are super super awkward.	12
You look adorable. :) I love your eyes. :)	0
Well it wasn’t opinion they didn’t like it was fact right?	6
"Have you read the AUMF? It's insane how much power it grants the government to prosecute the ""War on Terror"""	7
Was pretty confused about a random guy having dinner with [NAME] until I read your username haha Congrats for Arctic btw!	6
Let me translate: No. Find them yourself. You can lead a horse to water but you can't make them think. But thank you for describing yourself.	15
What does that even mean? How does one decide right or wrong with something so vague?	6
Adjust grip, change how you aim, and don’t worry about it.	5
Oh so you're being a troll, good to know.. I actually thought for a second that disgusting, freak couples like y'all actually existed	11
It is so crazy to me that people unironcally use “kicks their trash”. I guess they just don’t want to swear.	2
Nothing better to do with their time, I guess?	10
Omg, this is hilarious 	1
Holy fucking shit	2
Lol what do you mean ☺️☺️☺️	1
Yeah, your dopamine receptors are going back to normal.	23
Because it's straight up untrue. It's a new ce idea but anyone relying on the sentiment is going to be repeatedly disappointed.	9
I do. Am chemist. Stop serving me things that remind me of work, goddamit.	2
Hey man, if you need the Chiefs to lose to bring you any sort of pleasure I get it. But at least be classy about it! 	3
I feel like I'd actually really like the song all together	18
Oh dear.	18
Oh look a player breaking out of a slump against Dallas. Haven't seen this one before	26
Ya done goofed kid. All you had to do was win.	2
This is brilliant!	0
Yes I would rather have a government agency waste the money on food stamps. Right wing moron.	8
Thanks my boet	15
Thanks so much for your reply it helps to hear from others. Good luck on your journey.	15
I wish it wasn't so crumbly. It feels like sand in my mouth.	8
No kidding. That was extremely disappointing.	9
Still the greatest timeline tho	0
Caring too much	5
Ugh. People are the worst!	11
Always a pleasure to have our board of directors pay us a little visit.	17
I think of [NAME] hot dogs. I hate that I love them so much.	18
the older me would be scared shirtless knowing all the fireworks that exploded nearly in my hand as a kid	14
"I would pay money for [NAME] to not be my nurse. She will probably ""accudentally"" squeeze my nuts. Crazy bitch."	3
I don't even know what this is referring to. East Midlands airport? Please post a link.	6
Can’t tell if that’s weird or like nice of you?	6
Y'all been eatin' long enough now, stop being greedy!	3
If this is true 2020 is done. We won't have control of the presidency or Congress for decades.	4
Can we get a guard too? This is my dream.	8
[NAME] has a nice text on this topic. Of flying cars and the declining rate of profit.	4
IMO, cheaters are only sorry they got caught, not because they betrayed their spouses and had an affair. 	2
I love u too <3	18
You know, I’m something of a friend myself	4
This is the kinda stuff that is cute in romantic comedies. It just depends on how much you like him.	0
Shes stunning haha	0
Thanks for the feedback! I will certainly keep that length range in mind.	15
Yes!!! He was my #2 choice. Love this hire so much and we don’t have a coach with a sketchy past	18
But it taste and look so good 💦👌	0
May i ask where?	7
Thank you so very much for this. Our culture seems to frown upon the mindset of leaving them out to dry.	15
Looked like [NAME] for some reason	4
This made me chuckle, thank you.	15
Everyone likes [NAME].	18
I’m anxious, he’s shy. We’re both teenagers and from what I understand his parents won’t let him have one	22
I'm excited, we're supposed to be getting ours this year. Finally. 	13
Season 2 has been fantastic	0
> but to say that it will fuck up your mind is simply ignorant lolol k.	1
>US isn't a de facto dictatorship Not sure anyone has told [NAME] that to be honest	6
[NAME] is huge fucking liar, but you seem to like him.	2
I think a few guys on the team have said [NAME] just listens to country music lol.	1
Goddamn it...	2
Really? I’m not so sure, because I really do like her a lot.	18
Stop with this revisionist history we literally just let him go because HE SUCKED	3
Likely. Just let him take every single shot all night and see what happens.	20
I love this show	18
It's so sad	25
Congrats! How are you feeling about it?	13
If you look really, really closely you will find the man tears in his eyes...	22
Yeah I knew that game off the top of my head wasn’t sure if there was anymore	6
I love it (Blacklock holiday)	18
Thank you so much.	15
Awesome quote.	0
That scene traumatized me the first time I watched it	14
I actually don’t mind Sudbury to Nipigon but whole North Ontario sucks overall.	3
You do realise that a toilet lid doesn't make the toilet air tight, so the toxic poo ridden air you're so worried about would still escape.	3
Looks good!	0
Any that lands for us tbh lol	1
Typical humans, diminishing dog's accomplishments. 	9
That was helpful to hear, thanks for your response! 	15
1. Why is it impossible to not read this in [NAME] voice? 2. Why does it get in my head so [NAME] damn often?	7
That sub bans and deletes anything that's not flattering to [NAME]. Don't expect anything other than ideology and cult behavior from those idiots.	10
Oh the joys of Marine Corps boot camp!!	17
Other than some wacky pick up orders, the dine-in customers are very sweet at my place. It’s a good thing :)	17
Please go to urgent care and get some antibiotics if you have not already. UTIs can become serious if they go untreated.	5
Thanks for the recommendations!	15
Yeah this angle is nauseating.	11
I do that with my boyfriend. We can room together on school field trips and sleep at each other’s houses without suspicion. I love it	18
Grats man. I hit my second live one today coincidentally! Feels good :)	17
A related book for the more nerdy types is [NAME] Burnout Society. Thanks for the share, it was well worth the long read.	15
I like your sleeves... they’re real big	18
I liked the edgy sexual attraction. It was intense and I was drunk on it.	4
Damn, I want some! 	8
All the things you've been thinking about, fangirls, make me sad.	25
I like vanilla, it's the finest of the flavors.	18
I love how the tires are Raiders logo	18
Correct, so who's the devil? Did you know that in the original Hebrew text [NAME] means adversary?	7
YESSSS!! The schtick with cameras never failed to delight.	4
Sorry I haven't been keeping up to date, what happens next week?	24
Wait, this is an INDUSTRY person? Wtf.	3
Ah okay, I'm sorry lol, I'm dumb. Thanks for your response.	15
> No one likes being made to vote more often than they have to. My love of the sausage sizzle says otherwise!	18
Why are you okay with racism and why are slurs the red line?	3
I usually see tweets like this for girls but it feels nice to have it directed at boys	17
Cheers man, will be taking it easy for sure. 	4
this is hurting UCF's chance at a super bowl	9
[NAME] forbid i love and support and show that support and love for my country apparently im racist now...	18
I constantly feel like I'm my husband's best friend and it's just a matter of time until we break up :(	3
"its admittedly shallow and petty but I love the saying ""libertarianism is astrology for men"""	18
Maybe this one is more correct? Yours don't have Amarillo in the billboard	6
M'lady... Good god, the last man alive is a '[NAME]'!	0
Cool. Would be happy to know if this worked out for you. I had wasted a bunch of time like you did and was getting frustrated.	9
[NAME] cares like a father incredible	5
I’m the most surprised that [NAME] is 35. Seems like just yesterday he was plotting with [NAME] on how to get booze for the party	26
I just mentioned it to another poster but we have reached Poe's Law where I actually don't know if they are being satirical or not.	6
It's not a murder or a cringe. Just seems like two friends joking around.	17
"Reply with ""Oh, my bad"". Don't make a big fuss out of it. People make mistakes."	3
Isn't that redundant?	6
And religion isn't displayed on uber page. She saw a brown person and refused to interact with them solely based on race. She's a racist.	2
Texas, I'm really just mad at myself for not double checking. But now I have a year to find something better	20
Post it! Im dying to know what she looks like “normal”	7
How come you shock the spinach in an ice bath?	7
I love the name!	18
I’m not sure why this is a nonononoyes, we didn’t see any of the beforehand I really only see the “yes”	6
I really hope I don’t ever experience a mid life crisis at all. But if I do, I at least want to act my age.	20
Do we know what the source of this rumor is other than twitter speculation?	7
All good man, I don't get the college football hate I see on here, and I hate the big ten disrespect I see everywhere. 	2
Lived in multiple cities across the UK, never seen a bus service as consistent, cheap and generally amazing as Edinburghs.	0
Its fun to draw in an empty space.	17
The fact that the passenger gives a thumbs up drives me crazy	17
Oh man, the crab brigade hit this thread *hard*	3
I would pay good money to watch [NAME] vs Dr. Now!!!	4
Was just in the Grampians over the long weekend. Haven't been there in 20 years. Still love it.	18
These edits are retarded. Why do people get so giddy for internet points.	3
Same tbh hahahaha	1
Thank you 👍	15
Thank you. It is somewhat comforting to think this may be the real issue and not that she just doesn't want to with me anymore.	15
Ah okay, I see! Thanks for the clarification.	15
Good question... maybe it has something to do with expanding their international flights? Although if I remember correctly they unload you somewhere else to go through customs.	0
"I love how the reason for the dislocation got progressively less extreme until the ""I was sitting down"" Man, getting old sucks"	18
Seeing people overtaking on the right makes me anxious.	19
New Job? [NAME] is pregnant!	13
Best of luck in your career :)	5
Hi I'm an order of magnitude more awkward than you and I'm coming.	12
really thought he'd hit a bird for the longest time.	26
She manages to interview the most horrible people, as long as they're willing. Can't have an interview with someone who'll only attack your questions. 	0
Yo I love that game too it’s great	0
Lucrative. I like it.	4
A 100years? That's far too long dude. Reminder: ww2 was 73 years ago...	26
Surprised, Playtest isn't mentioned. The ending is just god damn!	26
The sub is VERY socialist so they love this kind of stuff	18
Gotta have a molotov at every door, never know when there's a riot	6
I really appreciate this post. I have been having a shit day and this honestly made my night!	0
What was her emergency other than a teen throwing a temper tantrum	3
>If you were to confiscate $900 billion of [NAME] assets, lmao	1
Was anyone on just now, and got booted from the server? It now looks like both servers are down, both are 9999 ping for me.	7
"I did this for Christmas to coming home. Somewhere in Illinois I said to myself ""fuck this Im flying next time and renting a car."""	22
The fingertip save against [NAME] in the Champions League Final shootout is forever etched in my brain. What a legend.	0
Yes! I was lost without subtitles on Sons of Anarchy.	9
Awesome, glad you like it. I need to get one this week now.	0
We dont want or deserve to win this game. Sloppy sloppy sloppy	3
I wish I could draw... :L	8
why not? standing to me isn’t as everything i need is on the floor lol	1
England is all about driver safety. Competence...well....	5
Most FBI agents never fire their weapons and spend more time looking at excel sheets, lol	1
I almost felt sorry for him. Almost.	24
Fair enough. That is a form of cuckery I cant approve of.	10
You are, or you're. Thanks	15
Better love big “snowflake” hearts!	18
Even after reading all your posts, I still don't understand... 😑	6
Which guy is that again? Theres also [NAME], hyper pro military special ops guy. 	7
[NAME] damn it	2
She loves it. Watch Rick and Morty. Do it yourself.	18
Oh my goodness I was there yesterday! Luckily I didn't get bitten.	15
I feel stupid for not looking at her bio, but I do have some more pictures 	3
"Yeah, I was like ""man I love [NAME] so much but [NAME] is also amazing and good"""	18
Falling for such low quality bait	9
Have fun getting robbed	1
"It's gonna be the next ""live, laugh, love"" with everyone running around talking about if things ""spark joy"""	17
Great fucking game for [NAME]. And I can't believe some people are trying to hate on him for one TOV in the 4th. This fan base smh	3
I've always wanted to eat Youngstown State's mascot	8
Saw them at a free concert on my campus in 2012. They were good.	0
It's almost like the whole rationalist thing was started by an overconfident person.	3
Thank you for highlighting this. No wall. DACA is (almost certainly) fine for another year.	15
Well, you're shit outta luck then. All you can do is bear them feels.	20
That was actually Chicago. Cute as hell though	3
Right?? It makes no sense she’s horrible	11
Women are nice. Except when they murder you.	0
Omg I love it	18
You might be on to something, but did you have a question?	7
Do NOT disrespect [NAME]. He is a beautiful, good man!. [NAME] is far from it and not near as pretty.	0
Conversion to make gay people straight. It's horrifying	14
Ah thanks so much	15
What a pathetic reply. I know we’re all supposed to be nice here but c’mon.	25
You can't choose whether you like pork better than chicken but you can choose whether you have pork or chicken for supper.	6
i feel we can all relate	4
You are right. There's absolutely no group of liberals here that calls everyone right of [NAME] [NAME] every chance they get.	4
I can't believe people are saying [NAME] should have been saved, she knew like 10% of the words	26
It hurts to snap out of that denial and face the truth your loved ones are dead... I guess.	25
I mean Darkfall really has the best combat but the rest of the game lacks.	0
OH NO! LOL That'll teach ya, kid. 	1
Im color blind, i usually see blue as purple and red as green soo...	25
Lol this happened literally 5-10 seconds after the screenshot was taken too	1
[NAME] Can we expect to see more tracer after brig nerfs? 🤔	7
I love people like this that don't understand how taxes work...	18
This is a serious question. Are you glad they told you?	7
Soft boiled huh?	6
Indeed. I've had an eye removed and what you described is accurate.	4
Nervous for [NAME]. He’s my all time fave. I wish he would stay retired and stay a legend	8
I’m gay, so let’s hope this works! I look better clean shaven lmao. Thanks! 	20
That's really sad. I used to live not far from there and spent a lot of time in that park. Fished in those ponds many times.	25
Is this Hawaii? I had such a feeling this was Maui when I saw it.	6
If you like Thai food, try Firefly.	4
thank you!	15
I'm just glad I've never heard of this game before otherwise this news would be disappointing.	9
Wow fuk I'm watching that right now	26
> and the top 20% of wealthiest [NAME] own 92% of stock Well, I hope they had a wonderful December, then.	20
Man I’ve been watching too much Goblin Slayer lately and forgot what sub I was on	22
Welp....I think your question came across as judgmental. Why did you ask it?	7
Ok, hope you are right	20
it’s fantastic with reflex or holographic	0
[NAME] missed it solely because they've moved from the Rookies vs Sophomores format.	9
Yeah it’s ridiculous. I mean I’m crying about the model but I still spent the money lol	1
this is good. well done.	0
not defending [NAME] - just pointing out *one* of the reasons folks may disagree with slapping the socialist label on anyone left of neolib scum	10
Then the school had a special assembly to honor this hero and everyone clapped.	0
Woooooooahahhohohohohho nice one Bembry to [NAME].	0
Sad thing is, I wanted to, but I’m stupidly awkward...	25
We need to do something about [NAME] because he's fucking my fantasy team up	3
I love the way he starts kicking the guy while holding the 2 Ak's	18
This is ok as extra content, but it feels really uncomfortable.	3
OMG, how did they do that? I mean killed Petunias. My pot is from Bunnings as well.	7
Don’t worry; I’m sure your dad will come back from the store any day now.	5
Ah geez what a disaster if she tries this!	9
I love the downvote followed by zero response. Thank you ladies and gentlemen, goodnight *mic drop 	15
Maybe he just never wanted to be a head coach and was content with being a defensive coordinator? Either way, I’m excited!	13
Oh no!	9
Love the homeless encampment in the photo.	15
Genitals in general are just kinda creepy, fleshy bits.	11
Get outta here and delete your post cause you're sure gonna look dumb in front of a lot of people other than me.	2
Sadly the minimum wage in Virginia is only $7.25 an hour so that definitely would not be enough.	25
Now it makes sense.	4
Gas Crisis. It’s the best episode of all time.	0
I'm so nervous!	19
I really hope that this guy becomes the next u/back2worksoon on Meme Monday	20
Dude you’re right but just because we draft someone in the 1st round doesn’t guarantee a starting caliber QB.	4
It's also my 40th birthday, so bring a gift! 	13
And then you see some idiots in the street walking with their speakers listening to reggaeton out loud (at least in Spain).	3
Thanks for sharing. I'm afraid I will start to squint, this way. Not sure if it's the case. 	15
we need to deregulate more so we can beat them. america needs to be #1 in something	4
I blame [NAME].	3
Had a baby before, those movements should be the last of your worries	25
I don’t. I only know about it from the internet. I had no idea.	6
Unable. It's not really possible. It's not his only interest but it's the one I can't really do anything about.	10
Oh my good lord. I just somethinged over his highlight reel.	26
Hope he's ok, the game needs more people with names like [NAME]	20
He looks so young, always thought he was older than me.	0
I dunno, I love me some barrel-aged spirits and ales.	18
Quit being racist. They're just being racists.	2
should have expected that ending ... but nice new (?) twist on that common joke	4
I'd say the guy who was going beat [NAME] face in is the worst character on the show.	11
y meme when the news memes for u?	6
I totally agree with you, I just wish she hadn't tossed his sweater away :(	4
Lol! Taxes are where the soul goes to die. Good luck, man! Get that degree and run far away!	20
I had that, after a relationship of 2.5 years she cheated on me. Oh well, we had fun.	1
What's absurd here is that anyone believes a bottle of champagne is worth 34k.	3
What she is doing is child abuse, plain and simple. Fight with everything you have to protect your kids. 	2
Didn't see soon enough. Sounds like fun and yum. How did it go?	7
Something like Chariot will occur again but all electric and highly autonomous. Something I wish [NAME] could do right now.	20
I wonder why don't we share this planet together as human beings instead of slaving and being like robots... [NAME]	7
I'm getting old. :/	25
This is seriously disturbing. Even more disturbing, is that we aren’t doing anything about this, and it’s going to expand. Watch. 	3
Holy shit, that's great!	0
I feel like that’s the least disgusting option. Imagine a penis or vaginal canal made out of fingers.	11
Booty matters MUCH more in my opinion	4
Holy fuck dude. Use the mute button. Your feelings were hurt with one message, now click it, thanks ^_^	5
damn you were close	22
They’re well on track to getting that superpower by 2020 slot	13
I was told ignar was going to be awful by this sub.	19
Thank you brother	15
They obviously sent the funds to Binance because they didn't want them to get hacked on some shady exchange like Cryptopia.	4
So weird watching this segment knowing what happened a couple days ago.	12
There isn't. It's a brigaded thread. Good opportunity to tag accounts, though.	0
I am just asking for job-advice. I have dealt with this condition for a long time, and know what medical therapies are effective and feasible for me. Thanks	15
Hey, did you know that killing family pets, is indicative of future serial killers? 	7
Just like you can't underestimate the capacity for evil, you can't underestimate the capacity for stupidity 	2
Convoys were the safest way to get cargo ships across oceans, so that would be yes.	4
Hello. We have removed your comment for shaming. Thanks [NAME]	15
Funny you ask	1
I was really hoping Vikings would get a bear mask but this also looks sick! RIP all my steel	20
I can answer this! It's alright. Interesting little snippets that make me curious about the show for sure.	7
Your artwork is amazing.	0
I for one appreciate having the DD and Cat erotica in the same place.	0
"It's funny cause you say socialists have an ""ignorance of economics"" while posting on an anarcho-capitalist sub :) I think you clearly fundamentally misunderstand socialism. "	1
Thank you! They made me stay six days. It was not fun but it made me finally realize I need to work harder in therapy	15
I LOVE this.	18
Bah gawd, she is broken in half!	9
"You're not going to stop using pot-stirring offensive words to ""trigger the libs"" or you're not going to stop using logic and reason?"	6
Yeah, I think we're on the same page. Maybe a different sentence, but the same page.	4
Really??	7
I guess it's the word 'high'	6
[NAME] this was hard to get through. Please crosspost to r/sadcringe	9
I BELIEVE! I am sad that likely no one else will see it besides me...	25
I went through that phase, I was quite depressed. 	25
Haha me too! I just told my husband they were my favs and I never thought that would happen with BOTH of them.	1
Ah true blue love	18
Totally fair. All I was trying to remind everyone is don't fall in love with your crushes.	4
Honestly, the fact that they're over and done didn't truly hit me until I saw that they now have a Greatest Hits album.	0
I don’t even know what this show is, it’s basically “increasingly outlandish things happen to young people” the TV show.	6
Tell me about it. Never felt like I fit into this gen.	7
I thought I was done enjoying the Saints loss but this brought me right back. Great find!	0
This is why I worry about you sometimes	5
You have to assert dominance or they'll never learn.	5
Haha! I remember seeing this when it aired	1
It's a Falling In Reverse song, which makes it even more terrifying	14
Kids are curious and brutal. If she actually spoke in front of the class about, she'd probably leave crying.	7
Man that’s cool, I like this sub. You’re a cool mod	18
And when I went to your moms house she told me about her super awesome witty son.	0
"""Help! It's an educated brown woman! Help meeeeee!"""	25
See, I missed it completey, so they must have glossed over it fast. 	9
> Waaah the reward I get for being a decent human being isn’t good enough.	10
I wasn't saying it was. But it's the most likely explanation of why a youtuber would want to pretend they have one.	10
Mod to the rescue! Thanks haha	15
Banning abortion causes way more harm than good and is evil to be against. Same with requiring suffering people to suffer. you seem evil	10
Wait a minute-- is this you, [NAME]? Awkward... 	7
Interesting. I recognize way more of the 2019 names than I did from last year. Any hope that means I'm getting younger?!	7
$1200 gets you a hell of a nice mortgage on a home.	4
Ugh. Sounds awful. I’m sorry :(	24
ITS MAM!	2
normal looking guys thinking about the weekend, while ugly guys thinking about tongue position, mewing, and item #45 on todays Self Improvement checklist. lmao	1
Darn. I'm sorry, I didn't know that. I honestly am out of ideas and I don't know what to do.	24
We've been bamboozled	3
That's what I was wondering too.	26
That's fucking awesome! I had no idea they would straight up off a dude for trifling! Lmao Winning information forsure, cheers man.	1
Kinda weird to continuously shoot at Police too...	3
Burn it!	2
Thank you for your valuable contribution to the discussion	15
bournemouth v chelsea took under 3.5 3-0 then in the 95th minute bournemouth grab another. feels bad man	9
Man, this is awesome but seems bittersweet after NYE. It was loud as hell.	0
[NAME] damn you are autistic	3
Everyone is reporting about it on TV. Was cool to see the highlight.	4
Discord. It’s there in the FAQ.	10
Tip the piercer? You ask how much for the piercing. Pay that as you leave.	7
[NAME] made that lmao	1
Yeah, the only issue with the scene is how long the dance scene goes. 	3
Seriously we haven't gotten a stop barely at all tonight.	22
I will! Thanks!	15
31? Congrats on the wizard powers, at least. What spells did you learn?	7
Moving in general sucks, moving a book store must really suck	3
“My Girlfriend, [NAME] has returned! Greetings my love!” ~[NAME], 2012. 	18
Forthwith this group will remain unnamed, verily so that we might avoid bringing ire upon ourselves for a simple observation.	20
I really like hearing the Australian accent of someone speaking Italian.	0
I would give it a day before people started changing their minds if we had this option	6
What a weird and slightly creepy thing to come to mind as a reaction to this video. /s Edit: apparently indicating my sarcasm was necessary here.	14
Did he run them into the car? It hasn't been proven that he was holding a gun. As of now it is only on the kids	7
Much appreciated! I'll surely come back and let everyone know what I find!	0
Did he actually have anything planned or...	6
Hahaha! Yes.	1
Thank you! <3	15
HOW DOES ONE CONTACT [NAME] TO PRESENT THEIR FIRSTBORN FOR ONE?!?!?!	7
yes!!! Once I realized my body wasn't wanting as much food i put my self on intermittent fasting and i love it	22
"Thanks for the tip! You get bonus points for no spelling mistakes. If I can offer a tip in return, look up what ""ironic"" means."	15
I just wanna see the fallout of [NAME] leaving. OH And the [NAME] stuff from yesterday. Pls CBS Plsss!!	7
Right there with you. 20 years together and suddenly its over. I'm tired of crying and hurting. We'll get through this.	25
I am worried about [NAME]. I really hope that his elbow is alright.	20
Very sad news for the man. Widespread travel disruption is expected for the evening commute	25
Maybe he thought they meant HOKEY!!!! Like “the hokey pokey”. Lol	1
Your welcome.	15
Sorry actually [NAME] runs this one. [NAME] runs the daily wire. Also I didn’t see anywhere in there where she said that	24
Like any relationship... Communication is key 🔑 Oh yeah Please just be yourself 	4
[NAME] i will laugh so hard if [NAME] actually bombs AS5	1
I hope we actually dont need to wait like 1 year for this. :(	20
What a REPOST! STOP REPOSTING THINGS PEOPLE LITERALLY JUST POSTED.	2
So what happened is she tried to rape you	7
I've grown to love this idea the more I think about it. It'd be amazing if it came down to [NAME] and [NAME] as the final two	18
Sauerkraut is amazing, but only as a side to a main.	0
That's a lot of commitment there. 10/10	0
That's kinda a cruel thing to say cause she's your best friend?	7
i never knew i needed this	22
Instant fucking turn off, ugh. Fuck us for wanting equality across the spectrum	2
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO	2
time flies so fast when you're 18. i didnt expect id turn 30 and still a virgin. hah	1
Should have just looked at them in disbelief and said what you don't make the police that have to work Christmas day a nice lunch. Lol	1
I agree a million percent. People on this sub are way too emotional about ghosting in early stage dating.	4
Pretty sure it's a rubber toy made to look like one	4
Ah ok, nice one. Thanks.	15
Cool reaaaaally cool and thank you verry much is all i can say and that i will do that	15
I can’t believe I’m agreeing with [NAME].	26
This gave me a bit of a wider perspective on playing my guitar, actually. So thank you.	15
Nah, you did all right.	0
I feel like that's what they both deserve, though. Thank you for the support <3	15
Oh [NAME] it's [NAME] against dinosaurs again	3
Damn liberals!	3
Loved that show, but [NAME] put me right off it. Like fingernails down a chalk board.	18
LOL SO RANDOM	1
A part of my soul died from reading that. Thank you for making me dumber from this experience.	15
> I know I should feel happy why	17
I am not expecting this to be an easy task... 😬	10
I heard some vague rumors but nothing as specific as this. Do you have a link?	7
Are you seriously this dumb?	3
If they were that good, she wouldn't have burned through 3 pairs in 3 years. 	9
how'd you get into my brain???	7
Since i have no one i choose u op to reach out to I love you fellow human pls always smile friend have the happiest of lives	18
Yeah. I don't even know why I was filming lmao. I hit #1 good. Definitely a miss on #2 though.	6
well guys it was fun. [NAME] passed up the open three ffs	17
Omg this.. completely relatable and depressing.. yay for us.	25
Never doubt the crazy can get cranked up, as they say, hope for the best, prepare for the worst.	20
Did you know that [NAME] and [NAME] named one of their children after a suburb in Pretoria? How cool is that!	7
You commie bastard	2
I'm 34 and disappointing my mother is still my greatest fear.	14
Appreciate you!	0
That's so great! Plus it feels good to know I helped Pfizer make $5B last year on Prevnar 13.	0
motivation. Hope this helps you	20
This should be interesting...	4
Ahhh! good old social forced slavery... For real, good advice, thanks.	15
that's not what he's saying at that part	10
Oh my, my Japanese course is paying off! Yes that's what I was trying to say 😄	13
Whaaaat? I thought it was a perfectly normal childhood disease that posed no threat whatsoever! Why is she scared?	7
One of the 7 dwarfs is called happy	17
Are you implying that you can't take a joke?	7
I'm hoping it turns out and theres something of value but these type of things spark up from time to time so time will tell.	20
Lol same here😖	1
Yeah. Lots of clearly marked pick up and drop off areas and still people stop in the middle of the road. I dont understand it myself.	6
hell even clem would be if she witnessed it happen	3
Gonna have to say no on the last sentence lol	1
[NAME] they need a union so badly.	11
To annoy you That's the real on reason	3
"Sure glad I wasn't coming the other way when this twatwaffle decided to try his ""watch this sick drift, yo"" stunt."	15
Wow so you really are pro-abuse huh	26
Most of the people commenting in /r/Libertarian aren't libertarians, but are just there to tell libertarians how stupid and evil they are.	3
I miss mass Rez her new ult is horrendous	14
Happy New Year to you, too!	17
The fact that this hasn’t happened to [NAME] yet in this day and age is simply incredible.	0
Why did it fracture from just a kick?	7
woke take I appreciate you speaking the truth	15
Damn, you're right. I could've sworn I saw a 99% up there.	4
Pant full of turd.	12
Omg the etsy side hustle. I have time to do that, and it fulfills me so much	17
You need to look up what flaming is. Don't get offended just because I'm calling out 14 year old boys like you.	3
It is sad they didn't have a 4k highspeed camera running on this... I feel like the world lost an amazing possibility	25
Best description of online dating ever	0
But still incorrect usage of that subreddit. Shame! Shame!	10
You got the kindest heart	0
Alot more common in NY City.	4
And yet you're still not making me regret being a TV hodad when that was on and so missing it.	24
AWIL, great movie.	0
"Yeah I meant to say the purpose ofnbeing an independent is ""so one can remain annoyingly aloof about primaries and then vote any way in the general"""	3
Phoenix sunrises and sunsets have been nice the past week with all the clouds and rain - beautiful shot!	17
Seriously beautiful my man!! Is it on apple music? Really great song	0
not quite as cheap but if you already own a decent bike this kit is wel priced to convert	5
Nice try russia	0
The clothing comes in individual plastic bag from manufacture, but I do agree with the plastic packaging for the jewelry. That amount of plastic is unnecessary.	4
What do you mean	6
Lol ik it's just I wanted people to figure it out and not the bot to ruin it.	1
Yeah mate, was just being sarcastic. [NAME] after January is something else. But still, I'm happy for [NAME].	4
I’m sure if it’s crusty there’s some flavor.	4
Look into BRI countries, pretty strong overlap with them would be my guess. 	4
6'3 guy who wants to be the smaller guy here, [NAME] i feel you	9
He was supposed to go to a therapist appointment but I have no idea if he actually went.	6
Probably fans of aftv. Bunch of utterly dirty cunts!	3
Nice one comrade	0
You fucked up. You trusted them.	3
Believe me when i say not having a job doesn't change anything. It's an endless nightmare being ostracized from people your whole life.	9
Not quite no. I don't pay attention to the leaks so I can't judge their quality.	10
And you're competing for moral high ground on the internet. Hope you feel accomplished.	20
ooohhh this seems quite clever, i'll try this out. thanks! 	15
Well dayum that was cool.	0
You are not alone. We do not sit in this darkness alone, even though other lack of light may make it seem so. 	10
I was going to say is there even such a sensor? Turns out there is...	22
If she loves the place she’s at why leave? There’s something to be said for that. Idk your all’s financial situation tho	7
Aye the party left me. Now I'm stuck in with this old boys tadger staring me in the face.	3
The Tommy Gun as a crate weapon! Just the worst feeling.	11
This is disgusting.	11
Yeah being up by 20 every game does that unfortunately	9
you give him way too much credit with this one	15
He’s not that into you. Move on.	5
I think it’s impressive. It’s actually fairly difficult to be that slick for that long.	0
I actually got banned from vanilla sites for stuff like this lol. I think the guys get offended and flag your profile lol	1
Bad news dude. You're almost 100 years past that.	25
[NAME] woke up, it was all a dream, he was really looking forward to King [NAME] visiting Winterfell. They had a good time	17
My wife is a rams fan. I don’t like them, but I think I like them more than the patriots lol	1
Well it didn’t work that well, I mean... they lost	9
Yeah I don’t see any yellow. That’s a solid bright green to me.	10
How about dumb trolls like you who only repeat your own stupid narratives and word-bending 24 hours a day	3
I hate poetry	11
I wonder if your mother is proud of the person you became	26
>No but I know that fat ass just says [NAME] man bad lol [NAME] is pretty fat. Good observation.	1
Oh look what you did! Now I have to go and get my cold cream gun.	3
Just goes to show how stupid they are	3
As someone who is not based in America and has the basic understanding of a toddler about molecular science in terms of football, why do you hate him?	6
>[NAME] loves people For dinner?	18
_warm and fuzzy feelings..._ Damn it, I'm getting all sentimental again...	25
Yeah, I don't blame you! Anything to keep a shred of sanity. 	4
You're attractive. I would shag you. Worcester isn't too far from Derbyshire haha	0
Maybe the abandonment of his mother. Some people won’t see that as abusive but it really is.	6
He looks like he smells of cheese	0
I will, no worries.	5
as someone who is a big save the earth guy this is truly awesome and makes me proud to be a fan of the yankees	0
I thought you and the other person meant turtles. Which really confused me	6
Out of curiosity what line of work is he in?	7
"""A lion never stretches before it hunts."" ... Glad to see he's already on board with Green Bays injury first mindset. "	17
Jazz fan here. I completely feel. [NAME] cousins has more votes than [NAME], and [NAME] hasn't even stepped on the court this year	4
I hope Edmonton gets nuked.	8
My son brings *homework* from kindergarten. I feel betrayed.	3
[NAME] and [NAME] were awesome.	0
It’s counterfeit. Just morally wrong.	10
One day I created an email for doing online jobs. Then I stuck with the first half of the email address as my secret identity.	4
As well as this, tell others about your classes AND schedule. Your Fe might be weak but it still makes you do stuff.	4
"*""Wow""*"	17
No it's not crazy , there are parts the we still don't understand but for the most part everything mades logical sense.	10
It'll be the first game of the day!	13
I'm from Buenos Aires, and I say kill 'em all!	2
Yo, we doink'n in here?	7
"I'm so disappointed you didn't include [NAME] ""I'm standing under the source of the bull shit"" [NAME]"	9
The intent is to provide the players with a sense of pride and accomplishment...	21
But tbh, i dont think i am disgusting, but my feet still get smelly after a while 	11
[NAME] some of these post i read on this sub its just getting too ridiculous	3
"""We're sorry, all circuits are busy now due [NAME] lost keys, try your call again"""	25
Appreciate the help!	0
Can confirm, playing a game of checkers is the one occasion I get to smash my wife	3
I should have said without nuts in hindsight, but this woman was ready to kill. Gotta love hospitality sometimes.	18
Why is this my fucking friend [NAME] 😂	7
Ha ha, that's absolutely fair enough. :)	4
You mean 4 of 5 dates for you already this month. Wow - do tell!	13
Omg is that cesspool where he lives?! Barf! 🤢🤢🤢🤢	7
Ex Novo has a great one on their menu and probably open.	0
Thank you for answering. It's much appreciated.	15
Just doesn't really work if the DM doesn't want it to...	10
same but with cats. Puppies are really high maintenance and make me angry when i have to take care of them.	2
Take a break then get back out there!	5
Starting?? BF4 is a lot of fun when you havent played in a while. Just faster and more immersive.	1
That poor kid. That is going to cause some issues for them as well down the road.	25
I like that!	18
Respect from me for his acting abilities! Underused, to say the least.	0
Thanks for a different perspective, this made me feel better.	15
Last time I saw it tested, it beat BO4 and was on par with Fortnite	22
Trial by jury of my peers is honestly my worst fear	14
You can assume he means in the 5 man at least in terms of how the matchup takes place.	22
I hope last night was fun enough to warrant the hassle today.	20
> If this article was/is false then the poster should be banned for life Congratulations. You just fundamentally changed how internet works.	0
I'm so happy to hear you've recovered. Can I ask: are you able to maintain a healthy, stable romantic relationship?	17
It would take something extraordinary for me to turn down a 20% raise.	22
Lol I use an apple charger that’s split in half to charge mine so I think ur fine	1
You’d be surprised how often that works though	26
I am stunned	26
This guy's YouTube channel is actually really awesome. He makes all sorts of epoxy art. His name on YouTube is [NAME]	0
They won’t. They’re just going to ignore it because fortnite makes them money.	10
That's really the only standard of your life, whether or not it makes liberals furious? Sad.	25
He's funny for sure... lol!	1
Hell yeah!	13
redemption island? I'm not judging if you like it just curious	7
Hey at least we’re still 5th after losing 2 straight.	23
I like you	18
I love [NAME] but hate Royals and wow this version is so much better for some reason.	0
Not too picky? Aha, I tried that a few weeks back. Boom 50 matches. They're as desperate as us	7
I love when they send in the wrong meat, it’s only happened to me once,	18
> If you love that you probably also love no man sky's algorithm. I loved it back then, because it was the only game. 	18
The children are still being abused, neglected and treated like rubbish. White Australian policy has been horrific and continues to be horrific.	2
"With the up and coming hit single ""I have a new Daddy every week""."	13
Thank you. For what it's worth, I absolutely am an idiot. But I am making a valid argument within the context.	15
Yes, [NAME] is truly evil [NAME], his utter failure and stupidity is so beyond reason that when you mention it, it sounds beyond reason.	4
An afternoon of Big Cat vs Vol Twitter will be fun	17
Would this not be the bog-standard practice of allowing close family members to make decisions about resuscitation?	6
or a horrible night of 15/4/4	14
Thanks for saying that, it wasn't easy ... definitely sparked a long period of discussion and reflection!	15
And they sneak the bit about reckless driving and speeding in at the end as making one a prohibited person. This is absurd.	3
"Look, [NAME]! I'm a cat. ""Ffs, [NAME]. Get off the ground. You're embarrassing me."""	12
Future is bright to me!	20
The fuck? Come from nothing, now something doesn't matter? 	2
Great video, not the same as the gilette ad but still full of a lot of information. 	0
Everytime? So 3 times a day you rewatch the bloopers and deleted scenes? How often do you repeat, probably weekly?	7
This makes me feel better about some of my poor decisions.	23
Thanks, I wouldn't have noticed the car without it.	15
Its what keeps me going, I couldn't hurt my friends and family i love them too much	18
Can they be wrong about three things?	7
I can’t stand anything about her yet. Nothing.	10
Whoa! Very impressive. One of the better photos of Brisbane I've seen in a while.	0
And yes I also thought [NAME] was someone else too!	4
If it's an unregistered payg sim then how exactly are they going to catch anyone?	7
There are other petty crimes that can be more heavily prosecuted, like unpaid child support. 	3
But it’s so hideous	11
Welcome to the club. She hit me hard 3 months ago n I'm still recovering.	22
good move. needed another lefty in the pen.	0
Competent, maybe, but erratic, unpredictable, and somewhat homicidal. 	6
Thanks now I want a subway!	15
Do you find PnP or Checkers have better fruit and veg?	7
What do you hate about yourself? Here are my guesses. I need to know so I can waste your time and also make you self conscious.	7
They should prank their customers by having someone act out being given a colombian neck tie while getting a shave.	1
[NAME], my eyes are hurting from how furiously they're rolling in my sockets right now.	25
That looks so delicious! What are the beans?	0
> and no one but angry community fanboys have pushed back against his statements.	2
Then he stabbed like five cops and hid in a haystack	14
First bad melee, then off the sticks.. what next?	7
I like the head bounce. He can ask the concussion to hold his beer, it will be strong...	18
The dryer sounds like a fire hazard to me.	14
I see - thank you for the insight.	15
> I think [NAME] is the best QB Prospect since Luck 😐	0
My husband died outside the church Damn Vampires	16
"If I hear ""not sorry, [NAME]"" one more time, I'm going to start disliking [NAME]"	3
Thank you [NAME] goodnight	15
It’s too cold to go outside most of the year. Whining into webcams is all they’ve got!	9
I used to work with a guy that was always whining how tough his life was. My family this, my friends that. Very annoying	3
Feeling tacky ? You already working for [NAME] - might as well play the part haha	1
You lot are sick ! I tell you sick!! Lol	1
This game is a pain in the ass. There are few things as infuriating as getting dicked by 3s all game. Flashbacks to the 2nd Orlando game.	3
thanks man, i'll do one for him surely, im planning to make one for every player in our squad :)	15
He's practicing difficult shots too much thus loosing a feeling for easy ones.....	10
It's super funny 😂	1
That’s actually interesting to me	0
Yeah the lack of visibility of the survey likely means the survey is gonna be skewed towards people who are extremely online on this sub specifically.	4
OMG I totally forgot about that episode. What a nightmare	26
i actually like adore (maybe I’m uneducated oof) what has she done?	18
Gonna get a cheeky nandos with the mandem	13
I’ve never stolen anything to do this with an Italian accent.	10
Not evenly proportional, and not what I said. I'm talking just overall shape for proportion. I like a mom belly.... They're pretty sexy.	20
Wish we got power plays regularly.	8
Lol not gonna happen. He is just in love with [NAME]. He fell in love with her when she gave him the hand of the Queen.	22
I love hearing other peoples stories about being high as hell watching drag race or being high on this sub. Y'all are my people.	18
Just saying, don’t give up. Fight back. Do it for your patients 	5
I understand what he was trying to say, but [NAME] it came out badly.	9
Great movie. Great TV show. Simply perfection.	0
Yep exactly, and he never demands the ball as well. He's afraid of it.	4
I'm starting to think im being rased by narcissists lmao	1
I don't even have a desktop PC, so I don't think being able to play on a computer will really be possible	10
Rules say no identifying information	10
Shut up 15 year-old	2
I'm so glad you got your angel back. Also she is trying to monopolize DHs free time.	17
"CREEP FACTOR MIDNIGHT ""virgins gonna be scared"""	14
I’m surprised alcohol isn’t entirely sold by the state like it is in many states in the East.	26
How did limewire make money?	7
He had another fight with cancer. I believe he is ok now but chemo is very very nasty.	20
It's already a thing though lol	1
Thanks! Going to try this the next time I'm at work	15
The one with the hot honey is also fantastic. Touch of heat and just a hint of sweet. Good food.	0
Glad your SO was helpful and hopefully you are better	23
Yeah, and [NAME] is not the guy he initially accused of murder. I'm not sure what the confusion is here	6
I don't think he was going to catch that bus if he didn't hit the pole.	10
The cynic in me is pretty sure they don't really do any of that.	4
UGH those two championship games - so many highs and lows then the ultimate high @ the end	13
Yep, hell of a listener	2
It can be entertaining and funny	1
Never will happen because of abortion legality. Party/religion over country	10
Really? Cuz hella 18 year olds with bad grades from my high school seemed to do it with ease.	26
I love how happy he looks while listening to tool.	18
Only when going to sleep, already seen them all way too many times...	22
You sure its not just the host quitting which disconnects everybody? Happens all the time and its incredibly frustrating.	2
Meh, I still rock my Burns jersey with pride. 	21
I only remember one lady, interesting. Just watched it a year ago lol.	1
I like [NAME] suit less the more I see it in action.	18
i mean, at least we don't have to worry about being embarrassed that we have a small penis, I guess? 	7
That’s what I’ve been doing lol but it’s one of my favorite maps and blood isn’t up to snuff with it	1
Palms had a rough game against PHL. Seems a bit off lately.	9
What a douche canoe to take advantage of you like that.	3
From red deer as well. Don't worry not all of us are ignorant and hateful.	5
Glad there's someone on here with a little sanity.	17
Very interesting to find out about small details like this. Are there any similar problems with any of the other armor sets?	7
You know I asked once and he was livid. But sometimes I wonder.	26
I scored 9 points... I totally love it that everybody is sweating ;D	18
Self-deprecating humor is mainstream now. A lot of hot people now have hobbies and personality traits that were once almost synonymous with dumpy/nerdy/ugly people.	4
That's a cute kitty :3	0
Such nice, silly, warm friends once you get to know how to act near one. You have to learn the secret scratchy place too!	4
Hedonism at it's finest	0
Shut up nerd	2
Even more of a reason to nurse on your side! :)	4
You grew up in America. Your culture was teaching your children to think and fight for themselves.	0
I’m legit cracking up at the landlord part	1
I had a fleeting thought that he sent a letter to Penthouse Fourms...lol!	1
Man I love how venezuela is a dictatorship when it has 4.5 times less prisoners per capita than the US	18
I’d go back to the 1996 season. That’s the last time we were in crazy cold territory.	17
I love how happy the dog looks in this pic. 😊	18
omg so quirky	26
It's too small of a traffic circle to make sense	3
Hey [NAME]! **TRY DRAWING TWO CARDS NOW, YOU STUPID FUCKING BASTARD!!**	2
[NAME] reinforces the pessimistic world view, I've been there and at least it was cancerous for me. 	10
Thank you, this makes a lot of sense. I know i need to trust them and not try and read behind what they're saying... 	15
Nope, not my department.	10
Really surprised I had to come this far down to find this!	26
Frinkiac not working for you?	9
i think it is characteristic for la liga, in germany that would be atleast +3	22
Yep, lack of proper coaching yet again. Sucks we missed out on [NAME]. 	9
Omgg yes [NAME] precious	0
You do know that’s the direct quote from the movie, right?	7
No, that's Generation Z. Instagram is their fault.	10
Shows you that one must never underestimate the rust caused by ACL injuries	25
I hate people.	10
Happy Cake Day 5makes10fm! Dare to live the life you have dreamed for yourself. Go forward and make your dreams come true.	5
Maybe she can bartend on the side when Back in NYC. Oh, I forgot her progressive policies put said. Bar out of business. 	22
Please share lol	1
I love it	18
Thanks for the link. She actually likes some of the stuff!	15
Having that thought kind of makes you an asshole	3
Yelling anger sorrow. Not that funny to me.	3
I got I got I got...	13
Mine were huge. I wasn't comfortable until I had them reduced. Now they're awesome.	0
So that's how people get their cars sideways in those crazy pictures. I'd always wondered.	26
Now he isn't pulling enough troops out? He just can't win..	7
Exactly what I came here to write lol	1
Explain why you think it’s not. Not that I disagree, but explain your thoughts.	10
That sounds like an amazing trick.	0
No man don't you see!? People just change genders all the time and celebrate how fun it is! ^^^/s	7
The true horror of modern democracy is enabling those who say pork roll to have a voice.	3
Precisely this. I don't see why this is such a hard concept for some people to grasp.	3
You are too nice. That guys angry he loses to wardens all the time.	0
Yeah personally I would’ve brought [NAME] back lol [NAME] always had trouble staying healthy	1
Man. I can't wait until my life is so devoid of meaning I feel compelled to complain in a silly joke subreddit.	10
hey, everything's okay right now? 	7
We're more concerned with this mysterious group of r/atlantahawks sleeper agents downvoting [NAME]	5
Is anyone familiar with what the post was about? Im guessing it was on the NYC hate crime?	7
Thank you. [NAME]	15
Oh wow. Except gillette i haven't used aby P&G products in years	22
I hope google does this so that everyone would leave them already.	20
:( im sorry	25
No. I've been bashing it for its very noticable issues that have plagued it for 3 years that the cw wont fix.	10
No, it's hard to come by!	10
a mad men fan? nice. unfortunately i dont have any idea where to get this at.	6
Hate this guys videos	10
Oh no, [NAME] baby! WHAT is you doing?	26
Cheers to you	15
Do hope you're going to let that poor, traumatised boyfriend know. Sounds like he's had more than enough abuse already	20
Been sober this entire year. Still not sure what to do with my hands. Might become a cigar guy. Gotta tweak on something ya know?	6
Then do it [NAME]. It's basketball. You can do whatever you want out there.	4
lol out loud	1
love that they're giving Spicy P a chance	18
No dude! Don't you get it?! Women are like cats! /s	3
Cloning shouldnt recreate sensitivity to the Force.	10
Ah I see, thanks. I struggle with the order of the sentences in English from time to time, so I'm glad for any help :) 	15
Boom. Sand. Great image	0
What's your complaint?	7
Ooh I like that one :)	18
To bad for you.	9
we just don’t match amazon at all to avoid this sort of thing.	10
love seeing his kids too more [NAME] and [NAME] pls!!!	18
So it isn’t pretty much the same? Glad you think I’m right then.	15
Luckily I don’t like beer so I don’t have to worry about that.. but my love for bread more than makes up for that!	17
Oh, I mean I guess he’ll run if he loses. But do you think he will run if he wins? 	7
Hopefully [NAME] has a chance to get some decent Exotics as a free agent	20
Aren't they concerned about your weight now?	5
Probably but if we spread the word, hopefully we will get some people on there	20
So pretty! Great piping!	0
Oh good lord what did I create	6
We will never survive with 5% unemployment with moderate growth and a continued house building program to correct supply. Sounds horrendous	14
>it is fleshy I am horrified to learn that my flesh is fleshy	14
That poor mercy. Just died to die again xD	16
I use 3 different credit unions and all of them are great. Used Wells Fargo for a short while and hated them.	0
That's a curious thought, the science of our worries. Does that fall under psychology? Btw, fun pic on your profile!	7
Gotta cast a wide net to get those sweet, sweet clippings.	8
Actually, if anything, my dad always comments about how honest and straight forward my generation is compared to his generation.	4
You're welcome! I wish her the best.	15
Thanks man, appreciate it :D	15
I don't think there is any correlation between sugar and hyper behavior.	10
It’s common in business but it’s nice to see an organization have respect like that (unlike the Stars owner).	4
Umm, zoom out. The ICO was $0.30. I only put 0.5 BTC into it then though. Wish I did more.	8
Disconcerting how much I see this guy’s trash propaganda on my reddit feed	12
You're beautiful! Your sister is a great photographer too, this photo looks so natural! 	0
Ohhhhh, you're good.	0
At least she had a great experience	4
Ah, I work 9-5 :( but I appreciate the invite!	0
You took a HUGE risk. He paid....now be ready for payback time!	2
My anger, up 50%. 	2
No femshaming, guys.	10
[NAME] making moves, as much as I still miss [NAME] I'm excited to see our teams future.	13
He’d probably be on best behavior... for a while.	20
Thank you for advice!!	15
Why would a poll showing a negative favorability rating go to her head? If anything, people should be worried this will cause her to change her approach.	3
I love people watching from the balcony here	18
It’s totally my hardest game, too! Congrats to us all! :)	15
I always thought the U was for urine .. well this is going to be awkward.	12
Wait, what? You're a gamer who's never even heard of TB?	26
Idk how tf he was able to play on pot and booze that sounds hard af to do	6
I'd like to apologize on behalf of all Azwel mains.	8
I like him	18
I love how defeatist we've all become.	18
"Exactly what I was thinking. ""Oh, I'm sorry, let me just undo that for you then"""	4
You too. Glad to hear your respectful voice again	17
"I think the saddest thing here is that he thinks ""by-my-self"" is how to write that."	25
Yeah, thank him for helping support this legislation	15
damn all you do is rate other people's submissions? worst reddit user ever, and I've been here nearly 11 years I should know	7
What are the Ajax players complaining about?	7
Interesting, I’ve never seen a barcode on any of my clothes that I can recall. I don’t buy clothes often though. 	13
I like this story way better than parvo.	18
I think that’s accurate. The probably I think means maybe will get a set	4
I love this sub. You are my people. ;)	18
Let's be completely honest though it kinda doesn't	22
Thanks for clearing that up	15
You basically already know the entire series for how much they've talked about it and how brazenly they spoil it.	9
of course not, [NAME] and [NAME] were great friends and anyway, he's been dead since 2016.	16
Good luck.	5
That isn't entirely fair. We're also for harboring regular ol' right trolls, too.	10
Thank you. I hope we can both/all stay true to ourselves and not to become cynical about others due to our experiences.	15
That sounds pretty good	0
i once dipped a raw hot dog in chocolate pudding when i was dared too. it was dreadful.	11
Just learn to talk to yourself like [NAME] and you'll only be a little lonely.	5
Except IQ has been scientifically proven to have positive correlation with a variety of favorable life outcomes.	4
how was your day?	7
That's really awesome!	0
Life must be difficult for her then, I'm surprised she can leave her home. Hopefully she finds help if she wants it. 	26
These are some of the most talented marbles I've ever had the honor and privilege of watching.	0
Maybe concerned about you being underweight? She is probably concerned you don’t eat enough and is trying to help you	5
A new mattress if you can swing it. Company provided mattresses are typically pretty garbage.	11
Oh good! Yeah hard to pick up on sarcasm sometimes	0
I do this when rolling haha	1
Yes, protecting women from sexual assault is offensive.	3
Thank you. I’ve been doing more research about today, there’s definitely a lot to consider.	15
I don’t know that they’re like that until the get in my feels and then BAM. Dbags	22
Her parents are raising her to be a terrible person. Fantastic.	0
It is crazy and another reason I treat going to the states with caution lol	1
Im at the game,somebody please put me out of my misery 	25
im sure it's a real slap in the face	4
Well who knows what valve thinks. I don’t like Lyrical and Maut either.	10
We only seem to hate them when they espouse murderous political philosophies responsible for more than 100 million deaths. Weird, huh?	3
this is my new favorite phrasing. I've been calling it bingemas since about mid-December.	4
That book would be the biggest flop, the characters and plot are really too outrageous to be believable.	3
no not really i knew he was joking i was just clarifying what the bloke said	1
The amount of hate that [RELIGION] people get in the world is absolutely staggering.	26
I'd be ok if they didn't have a HoF. But they do so I want the deserving players from the team I root for represented	8
Dude I don’t even know what that guys deal is, but honestly, I feel bad for him	25
What if... >Valve removes date to stop the impression they were giving an ETA	7
Ya I sent one not too long ago.. I'll wait till my next try. Also I learned Sens a very crap selection for shot glasses.	3
Yeah i don't want them to know to early it ruins the fun.	9
Let's just see what [NAME] has to say about what really went down...	7
Lmao Chicago coach is letting [NAME] die, their backup would probably fare worse to be fair though	1
Fair enough. I miss working meat	4
I don't think we can threaten them with something that's likely to be illegal to convince them.	4
Nothing good can come from knowing. Just let it go and focus on the relationship in front of you	20
I can’t wait	13
Unfortunately you’re absolutely right, no doubt about that 	4
> Im a milan fan I'm so sorry.	24
All my brother, I'm not talented haha I just steal the credit. 	1
I've come here to chew bubblegum and to kick ass.	3
ah yes because that is exactly what has happened in mainstream politics.	4
I try to switch it up, too; probably the main reason for the post. Gets boring sometimes!	22
Great nb rimiru	0
But why tho	6
self fulfilling prophecies are always quite fascinating	20
Glad to share knowledge and you’re welcome. > father for [RELIGION] Didn’t understand this statement of yours!?	15
TOLD YOU ALL, bravo	4
You're not going to drastically improve in a day to where itll have any significance in a game hours from the postb	3
The only winner here is this guys future divorce lawyer.	21
Thanks dude. It’s honestly hard to distinguish because it’s felt like who I was for so long	15
What's it matter where this came from? It fits every content guideline and we're enjoying it.	17
What a disgusting person she is	11
My [NAME] it's a mad house over there right now. All of the posts are about letting boys be boys.	3
Who’s fucking a shark !?	2
🤷🏼‍♀️ I was wondering the same thing. It looked almost like a teriyaki.	26
Don't worry. You'll grow out of Pearl Jam.	5
Also, popcorn can't build ladders. At least, I don't think so...	10
Some dank shit DEFINITELY happened at the Ritz back in the day.	22
FYI your boyfriends fucking her too.	11
Oh shit lol I forgot to put “ashamed.”	12
In just 1 Year the user who posted this got a lot of karma... interesting...	7
I'd be terrible at this, I eat so slow.	12
Wha? I'd love more background on this.	18
I hate waking up. Being asleep doesn’t last long enough. Being asleep is so peaceful.	2
I love happy endings.	18
"She loves to scream ""[NAME]"" during anal."	18
oh I thought you were calling OP loser my bad	22
Whew. I thought no one else would recognize Mac Tonight.	23
Scripted but funny	1
*She. This was posted by a woman, apparently. Its just as disgusting either way though.	11
Well it very well could be your drug usage. You could be depressed also. So stop doing drugs and see a therapist.	5
Ya see I’m an engineer that means I solve practical problems.	4
Ofcourse. If you can debunk our arguments and stuff,, well you win. Have a nice day too	15
You can get so much money from hunting. Fishing is probably the best method if you’re grinding but I actually enjoy hunting	17
Makes it a lot less stressful tho. Regretting staying up this late tho	24
This is a very cool option!	4
The last thing you wanted for your child, but they inevitably choose it. Funny that.	17
Loved this video so much! [NAME] is my favorite and her pups crack me up!	18
Just going to step in here to ask why you keep replying if you're unhappy with his comments?	7
I'm not trolling. This push for pro vaccines just seems strange.	7
I see this guy all the time. It has a great vanity plate to boot.	0
[NAME] is awesome	0
You know you could replace republican with democratic and it would still be funny	1
I love how you worded this comment. It's like a proverb.	18
I’m glad not too much time was put into this	17
someone who believes in facts.... thankz, this was also my understanding of how income generation works on youtube	15
IMAGINE ABOUT TO LOSE TO LAKERS W/O LEBRON, I FCKING LOVE THIS TEAM	18
Now THAT'S a victory royale :)	0
Yep, had to chase and kept honking. Driver eventually stopped.	3
Japan uses anime for it all, but it does often prefix it with something like kaigai. (outside of the country).	4
It's a miracle	26
Oooff I really hope this doesn't happen 😰😨😰	20
Damn, I didn’t see any monkeys when I was there! What a ripoff.	3
I feel I should do this even after living here for 7 years, I've barely done any touristy things! Shame on me.	12
I think it was just a poorly worded title, what it meant to me was that there was a reason other than teaching kids to count. 	10
She missed the part where that's her problem.	22
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **8th Cakeday** [NAME]! ^(hug)	13
Thanks, didn’t know there was a term for it. That’s how I handled the first and last episode I saw lol	15
Oh man. I feel so bad for her, but am morbidly curious at the same time. Got more pics? 	7
Never seen somebody project so hard in my LIFE Also [NAME] @ them directly quoting lines from the article in the comments Gives me r/iamverysmart vibes	0
Osaka making me nervous	19
Something would go terribly wrong for [NAME] causing him to have to leave. It’s how his ability works.	14
i have this comic and I love this bit!	18
SEVEN parrots? Wow. Bit of a hoarder there.	13
Wow that was a roasting... Deserved, but daaaaamn [NAME]	26
What is the story behind your account name? Just curious.	7
Palace please don’t fucking bottle this	3
HELL YEAH!!! And in only 7 months?? That’s such an achievement!	26
Become proficient with firearms and learn a second language if your in the us I'd suggest spanish	5
[NAME] is a fine woman leave her out of this.	0
This is beautiful!	0
“I got five on it” for the movie US is decent as well. They made it so creepy.	4
I fucking love ten min power hour xD	18
You are actually an idiot. Not it is not a proven fact, it is a biased stereotype. It is definitely derogatory. 	3
Hahaha good point!	17
Yeah but who’s to blame when you are put into a seemingly meaningless game when all you care about is one rank. Bad system.	9
I am so sorry! I hope you are okay!	24
Born in Jersey, live in Kansas. I love my Lions. I was also 5, hated the Giants and liked the Lions unis. 	18
No worries, glad I could help. Just pleased I started learning to read!	17
Yup, I must be overreacting too and it's not a big deal. It's amazing the justifications used for this nonsense.	0
So if the company announces they are recording the call, can I also record the call without telling them? Because they already know they're being recorded.	7
It was the most a receiver ever put on the Legion of Boom Seahawks though, so that's cool.	0
I dealt drugs like FIZZLE ROCKS to help my sick mom.	5
What the fuck are you talking about	2
The word nourish makes me cringe now tbh	14
Wow I guess alcoholics and drug addicts done exist either! and everyone always makes logical great decisions!!	0
She had it so good with [NAME] as his ex. Girlfriend was so freaking nice.	0
It's normal, don't worry too much about it.	4
No lol. It’s a personal preference.	1
I hate from the bottom of my heart, when animals behave like this..	2
I un-ironically love that song	18
Great, thanks :) remember, just let it go!	15
He reminded me more of [NAME] last year. His lumbering skating this year makes him look different.	22
This is genius	0
You again? I already told you this isn't the right place for this.	3
Love to see pics like this.	18
Oh, what kind of material is for comedy cemetery? I never knew it was dif.	10
No where was I blaming [NAME] for the lose but he didn’t help. I just dislike his game.	9
Tropical Oasis Liquid Multivitamin. Amazing stuff.	0
I'm so glad the Ontario government sold off that money pit. /s	17
Not happy.	25
We understand! This is a very common reaction to our study. I appreciate you suggesting it :)	0
No apologies needed, beer loving friend!	18
You'd be stupid not to do this.	3
but if it weren't that way then a corrupt police force could convict many innocents. there is no correct answer to this problem.	24
It's amazing that some people think that [RELIGION] will prevent all of this from happening.	0
I second disagreeing that they are awesome.	10
Heh, [NAME] costume love is being triggered.	18
You people are the one's who got me here! Thanks to everybody who helped me reach 80+K upvotes:)	15
Most of them don't technically breach the actual law, to my knowledge. Plenty of them are distasteful to me personally though.	10
My favorite [NAME] post-match celebration hands down.	9
I'm sorry that America funded a coup, but I get to have my Medicare. - AOC	24
I'm so broke that I'd take if you're still looking. I'm a guy though.	25
Thank you for your service o7	15
Find a girl who loves you *and* your eye holes.	18
Wow, this is my trashy goals in life. This woman is living out my dreams.	26
The problem is that rent controls and the prevention of urban infrastructure expansion is killing city renters. Which is what most cities do.	9
Why is that funny?	7
"What's the difference between ""Stop Zionist Gentrifiers"" and ""[RELIGION] Will Not Replace Us""?"	7
So if the EU sent all its refugees over the open border into the UK that'd be just tickety boo?	7
Hey thanks!	15
The whole team looks awful yet half the comments in here are still targeting one player.	3
Everybody uses your back lane. You're famous for being the local bike.	0
>as a part-time Knicks fan Join us! Become a full-time Nuggs fan!	0
Not looking for anything serious ≠ rejection	10
I’m sure you could find some unsatisfied women looking for a hook up.	4
Congrats to you!! So happy for you! wow socks is sooo nice!	0
Saved this. Not OP but I feel like you just threw me a life jacket. Thank you.	15
so cute	0
Motherfucker!!	2
Eat healthy, get as much sleep as you can, and wear a mask when the little one comes along.	5
I hope you and your retarded phone have a nice day!	20
Just cleared normal mode! I'm having a lot of fun xD	17
You are right and why you get downvoted?	9
And any form of bottom up government is also extremely susceptible to corruption. Basically, humans suck. 	9
Freaking hate cats (that are like that)	3
Not sure where people get them from but I see people offering them out here and there so thought I'd take advantage	6
Yeah we're just awful. Sadly that's too friggin' true just now!	11
Agree, I avoid of the ones that do, pre-ordering any AAA is a no no now as well.	4
It's a self-identifying group, and they have killed quite a bit of people in their crusade for revenge. It's both absolutely pathetic and absolutely terrifying.	11
Minimum wage hurts small business more than it helps the poor.	9
Don’t worry, we can be crucified together 🙌🏿	5
Hey /r/Hockey Bro! Sorry about the Sens. At least this made you smile in the dark times.	24
Lucky you, some people have all the love 	18
You should really go see Aquaman though. In IMAX if you can - it's breathtakingly beautiful.	0
He had been so worried that the stepmom would have a hard time integrating into the family.	14
Her camel toe is strong!	0
I find that kind of thing really funny too!	1
I didn't see it the first time and appreciate the repost.	15
2018, more disappointment. 	9
That’s an interesting point, thank you.	15
Never ceases to boggle my mind how truly ignorant some people are.	3
Can't wait to die so I won't have to hear [NAME] breath in my ears 100 years from now.	3
Oh yeah, those are both totally valid criticisms. It's just that they lose me when they call him a serial predator	4
> it. Just because they're not vertebrates doesn't mean we get to kill them for amusement. It literally does though	11
This post is so true Clothes these days are so bland	4
#1 rule you don’t say it you can think it but never say it	4
This happens all the time when guys pick me up. I don’t know anything about cars. Just tell me the color	6
Have fun!	13
No problem! Happy to help :)	17
This is me today, I have to do a 1-2 MINUTE presentation and I’m freaking out about it	2
Thank you and I try to keep our contact at a minimum.	15
I'm more surprised the dash cam was functioning properly. Usually around these incidents 3 of them were not recording and one had the lens cap on...	26
Happened this afternoon, January 21, 2019 in the Central South-East area. So frustrating! 	3
Not pretty right now	10
There's something deeply ironic about spoil tagging this	22
This is exactly what happens when these fields are controlled by political ideology and not by a unbiased search of the truth.	22
[NAME] leans so far forward when he skates we love a king of physics and momentum 😤	18
I consider everyone attractive in their own way, so everyone is intimidating.	0
“Do you guys actually disagree with the idea of taking [NAME] constitutional rights without due process” [NAME] -signed a gun owning lefty liberal	3
If you take that line, any excess money you have is immoral. Tough line to tow.	10
me too! a guy a few posts up as well... I wonder how many of us we need for a class action lawsuit	26
Lol I know, right? It's unsettling how bloodthirsty some people are. 	1
I would not recommend water panties, you might find things a bit squishy! ;)	10
This guy died on the inside lol	1
i don't usually 'wall of text' posts but i'm glad i made your post an exception. thank you, it brought tears to my eyes.	15
Much more badass than the union suit.	2
2018 was the worst year for Sydney Trains, I’ve lost count of the number of cancelled services due to power outages and train drivers calling in sick	9
Fuckkkkk I'm doing Psychology lmfao, am I gonna fail at life now? 	2
My 3 year old is an asshole. His 8 year old sister was also an asshole at 3. It gets better!	3
Pleasure!:)	17
With punctuation like that I'm surprised you're not from Jordanhill	26
I did watch it and didn’t see the thing OP mentioned. So I am not sure what I was supposed to gain from watching.	6
Hahha i agree but i still want him to say sorry.	4
Mine once went 6 hours overdue. It was horrible. Big hugs to you. Drink all the wine you can find!	14
This is my fiancé and I hate it	11
Yes the ammo health thing really is a chore. Too much realism. we want have some fun in a realistic setting, not a simulator. 	8
I know what I said son	4
I had so many avatars named after Star Wars characters on Millsbury. I miss it 😭😭😭	25
You guys don't know what you're doing to me	3
Glad I’m on my way out through ATL instead!	17
Is that his thing? (I honestly don't know what his thing is)	6
Yeah it's pretty odd how defensive some people are about my comment too	7
I thought it was funny ‍♀️	1
Ya? I don't really remember him much besides his crappy penalty shot attempt. What stuck out about him to you?	7
haha good one friend real neato joke!!!!	1
Hopefully they got a chance to see [NAME].	20
I mentioned it was only for three weeks. I know it’s not over yet.	9
"""I love ya, Mom"". Man, if I was his mom I'd knock him into next week."	18
I'm honestly surprised. We should have fallen much farther	26
Did a lousy job, my dishes are still dirty.	9
Alway protect yourself	5
I just googled the thing. Yeah thats it! I might have described it incorrectly but that looks very similar. Thanks!	15
Shamelessly stolen from Three Flavours Cornetto Posting	12
Do you want a good time or an **incredibilis** time?	7
Well that took a turn real quick!	4
My bitch dun left me All alone She took mah squeeky ball And mah rasty bone	2
The look on her face when she lies is like one I’d expect on a 6 year old who thinks he’s being cute.	22
Hijacking <---- THIS IS A GOOD THING.....chicks llike guys with balls, and chicks with balls.	0
Kinda like a thing that comes out of the ground and it smells nice, I think. Cannot confirm	0
The worst thing they risk is having to become a worker.	2
I agree. Your last sentence is definitely a better way to word it	4
I remember hearing a story about this type of highway camaraderie once from a trucker who helped a woman escape a man... wonder if it was your mom	26
Thanks for the laugh	15
Previously it wasn't working, now its fine though	4
Yeah I had a lot of respect for him in that moment.	0
my soul has long been destroyed :( it’s over for us nosoulcels	25
where did they even find that photo	7
Totally. I loved when she used air quotes for the word “fiancé.”	18
So sorry that was his response. I hope you're able to get free soon so that you can begin to heal and move on.	24
Did that EVER work? Why did [NAME] keep going to that play over and over again when it resulted in 4th down after 4th down?	6
Obligatory fuck the dodgers	2
I feel that way about [NAME] antis saying [NAME] and [NAME] antis saying [NAME]. But I’m also terrible and laugh every time I see it.	1
You people really overestimate how much welfare actually covers. You act like one child is making six figures and giving their entire family an MTV Cribs lifestyle.	3
Stop. How can you watch [NAME] these past years and think he has 2-3 years left.	3
I read that as [NAME]. Lol	1
It's nice, but there isn't much there :p 	0
I am the proud owner of a Vernon Gholston jersey. My wife got it for me as a Christmas Gift our first year dating....	21
lol [NAME]	1
Out of all the seasons I definitely feel the worst for her	11
Hope you feel better and you’re on the way a speedy recovery.	20
Wait, what? Lol. Weak call. I'll take it. 	1
Or just shoot them. Shooting annoying people is why guns exist.	3
Shrug, ndp is still going to lose. I don’t really care how many there are.	3
Isn't that what most of the old people forced to rot in assisted living facilities want?	7
I am bored of [NAME]. Next celebrity chef!	9
Wasn't expecting these feels man. I'm so sorry for your loss!	25
Shits me no end mate, good on you for doing something	3
Haha came here to say this, that shit spun me out right proper it did!	1
Fantastic, good for [NAME] white. Poor [NAME].	0
"Justifying a potential rape because ""it's [NAME] and she should feel thankful,"" Wow. "	0
No, I'm anti racism.	10
Brush your teeth and neither of these smells will be reduced by chewing a napkin. But it's funny to convince a friend at a bar that it'll work	1
you are my inspiration, read my last post quickly!	4
I’ve never cringed so hard	14
that's the point	4
Still an ad hominem and not a legitimate argument or counterpoint :)	3
Beautiful picture!	0
He takes so much abuse...and i appreciate it's him and not butcher or severson tight now.	0
Cant talk about the a***a	3
You made yourself useless playing their game instead of forcing them to play to your strengths	3
So? Sometimes it feels good to be petty, especially when it comes to an ex	22
Me whenever I wear heels lol I literally look around to make sure no one is watching then proceed to do my penguin like walk 😂	1
Fuck the rangers	2
Yea, I saw him live in Stockholm. It was awesome!	0
You smug fuck	2
Oh you'd prefer if I used this pic instead? I understand.	4
LONDON I honestly don't even understand this one	10
Yeah [NAME] has won worlds	4
I love these blobs, would have done the same thing	18
This may be the first thing I've seen on here that actually made me laugh instead of just an amused nasal exhalation.	1
I like your style B)	0
Nope, real serious disease affecting real people, including the person you first replied to.	10
This song was my jam in 2018. [NAME] bless you.	5
The incorrect number of O's has depressed me	9
Go in appropriate attire with several copies of your resume and list of references! Good luck!	5
If they are going to do this why not just have individual bathrooms with locks on the doors.	6
Nah man presses, but good ones... the pharma kalmas are long gone bro, here in Australia anyway	0
Overall I'm 'gifted' but my processing speed is still below average	9
Lol, exactly what a failure would say.	1
Good for you- take it to the next level! Congratulations	15
I’ve made candies almonds and cashews in a slow cooker before. They’re surprisingly not mushy or soggy.	26
Also hate the little 2 wheeled zapper	3
I don't really understand this video and the motivation behind it. It doesn't make sense to me.	6
Best comment ever.	0
I'm so glad Mercy's have to actually try now.	17
What crap An issue with developing on byte ball is that no one knows what the bloody hell byte ball is	10
[RELIGION] Match all the way! I met the love of my life :-)	18
Just give him his damned complete control of government and media. Just give him his damned concentration camps. give him his damned Final Solution.	3
PowerPoint would be nice	0
what are the grey states	6
Thanks a lot [NAME] /s	15
No spelling and grammar errors. Oh my [NAME] better than the other repost.	0
Because it’s possible. My partners mother had it and she passed very young as a result.	4
Agreed. Personally I don’t understand meeting up for just sex, but I still don’t judge those who do it. 	4
Oh man... my grandparents on both sides of the family have passed away and it was tough... we’re here for you	25
There would be a lot of sexual tension in faze...	11
Better scoop it up quick. Lots of hunters out there lol	1
"Oh, I stand corrected -half a million people is ""almost no one"". Bloody hell mate. "	2
"This is so crazy pessimistic. A generic [NAME] will win with plenty of room to spare, the problem is that ""generic"" candidates don't exist"	3
Best pen in baseball, even though I'd still take [NAME] over [NAME].	0
If you’re talking about 玛雅, I checked and they’re permanently closed. It’s a shame since the location would have been perfect.	12
Lmao “now everyone *has* a job”	1
That's great, keep fighting the good fight!	0
I crave nuts and nut butter all 👏 the 👏 damn 👏 time. I think my body know they’re calorie and nutrient dense 😂	8
Embrace the feels my friend. Glad you found happiness even if it is fleeting.	17
Thank you! That is the goal!	15
The diagonal photo is killing me. Why is it like that?	3
So long, and thanks for all the fish. 	15
He’s such a pervert.	10
Now that's a beautiful cake but that's way way WAAAAAAY too much icing for me... Added a good 5 inches to the cake damn!!	0
Worst president ever.	2
For sure...sometimes I feel like I will just evaporate into nothingness as the stranger in the mirror looks on.	25
We have seven fucking billion and more people bork every day !!	2
Oof... I mean I definitely welcome a dramatic population decrease but I wish we could've done it in a more intentional manner *before* irreparably damaging the environment	4
"He didn't ""die"". The dude behind pink guy doesn't want to continue being pink guy"	10
[NAME] would benefit if he could help end the broken two party system.	5
Lol I learned how to train on the app no joke	1
This stressed me out	19
Good bot.	0
Yes that is so true why didn’t I think of that	4
Hahaha, that's true for all their series.	1
This is truly terrifying.	14
Nope. I’m not wrong. Flipper superficially inflate housing prices without substantively contributing to their value.	10
may I direct your attention to the aforementioned “tin foil conspiracy”	8
nah, my face is the farthest thing possible from cute ;-;	10
Are you queuing with him and is your account a high level? Because if that is the case I suggest you make a Smurf.	5
Oh, I see. I must have mis-read that. I am sorry.	24
I’m so jealous	3
You've been a sad boi around here for the last week straight, you'd do well to take a break.	25
"I love the need for HAES and setpoints and special illnesses in normalizing fatness - because it's not like they can comfortably label marginalization ""gluttonophobia""."	18
Correct What the fuck is the AAF is what im asking.	2
The father clearly ran away lol	1
This stuff is very effective tho its weird smoking the quarter of a gram gets you going	4
Seems like an odd hypothetical question to ask.	19
True. You always gotta be careful. It's pretty sad actually. I feel used and abused.	9
I don't envy people who earned what they have. I respect them. I'm jealous of people who are born or marry into money.	0
Honestly don't know why they are still working so hard on this trade, really need another starter.	6
I’ll try to follow your advice. Thank you very much for your kind answer and your prayer. I’ll pray for you too.	15
I love how [NAME] touted the Hong Kong model as something beneficial. What a joke.	18
Glad your happy but also what	15
its ok, glad i watched the show, i enjoyed it.	17
Surprise! That fat woman you see on the bus every day is actually this generation's [NAME].	26
I believe this is called Darwinism - the suicide by Tide pods anyways. The murder part with the blindfolds is just tragic.	4
Came to say the Ravens. I always pull for them no matter what for your laid or reasons. Plus their black and purple jerseys are so nice.	0
Was that really the best option in KC? Those games looked super empty even with 20k in that stadium.	6
I wonder why they're single?	26
What the fuck is wrong with this?!?!?!??? FUCKKKKKKKK!!!!!	2
Thats a red flag that you're a big part of his son's life after 5 months. This all seems very immature, both you and him.	3
[NAME] damn, that is the kind of biting commentary I enjoy.	17
Life is just an endless series of disappointments and no one gets out of here alive.	4
By [NAME]! By [NAME]! It's the grand Champion!	0
Said there must be something in the water when talking about the oilers issues	20
When I'm the fifth Hokage I'm gonna make sure no one has to go through that sort of abuse! Believe it!!	4
Thank you. Very very much	15
[NAME] office just denied it	10
I like Tom and Kato.	18
np, good luck	20
[NAME] rosenbrook? Is this woman mental. Why does she use these names?	3
This man... This man is doing [NAME] work!!	0
At least you have some girl to talk with at work.	4
Tbh I don't quite get the hype behind [NAME]	10
So glad to hear they got banned. Can't believe adults can still behave like that.	26
[NAME] wore shoes and killed millions. For [NAME] like me, people who wear shoes have become a symbol of hatred and murder.	2
Can I just tell you how much I've enjoyed your constant dunking on this guy? Like holy crap.	7
Break ups are painful and there’s no way to avoid that. Be honest with your current girl and end it.	25
Goodness, If you carry on saying mean things like that you might just hurt my feeling.	9
I'm kinda afraid to ask but did anyone reply?	14
What a load of old shite.	2
your vehicle is pretty!	0
Thank you...	15
if your former manager is receptive in re-hiring you, it's a positive first step. your email is fine. good luck!	20
great win leading into memphis. everyone contributed, awesome team basketball and defense throughout 	0
In the shower, years after it's happened and everyone else has forgotten about it.	22
Rough comment to read but glad I did. Thanks for the write up.	15
I hate when MoonWolf1-799 is taken.	2
My wife enjoys marking me. We just make sure they are below the collar line.	17
Brah me and my fat family would of loved all that butter.	18
Good lord I can only hope so. Time will have to tell.	20
Yeah, i dont know bout you guys, but my parents were pretty anal about my room being clean.	4
I did the same thing in school. Thank [NAME] for the library. Are you anxious about how your brother and sister would react to that?	15
Its not about not making the All Star game, that's for sure	4
Both teams played fantastically defensively, just because it’s not a 10 goal game doesn’t mean anyone played badly. 	0
Fair enough. I would suggest practice but it seems you've got that under wraps. Gd luck out there.	0
That was 1 scene and I think was more about her sense of powerlessness in the situation	4
Interesting that's what I usually do... Are you me?	13
I haven’t actually watched it. Who got featured?	7
"I knew the punchline as soon as I read ""Tide Pods"" and I hated both myself and you for it. Take your upvote."	3
Oh my goodness, I'm so glad you were there too. You made his day suck a little less. 	17
HOW DID I NOT THINK OF THIS	6
i love you.	18
25 m from Canada! out for 10 years now! I'd love to make a new penpal!	18
This might be the most NYC fit I've ever seen.	0
Hi [NAME]. Nice to meet you, I'm promet. 	13
Lol I have my moments!	1
These posts must make people want to be security guards.	20
Yup, he's still one of the strongest turtles in the game though. Eventually you're gonna have to attack.	0
So you wouldnt keep [NAME]?	7
I’m not gonna lie guys, if we help a team break their 9-game losing streak I’m gonna be pretty upset.	9
It’s all the anger, it ages her terribly 	2
I was tripping balls my first time.	12
Lovely day we're having.	13
I didn't mean the entire show is shit. I meant that season 4 was a shitshow.	10
To me the cringe is the American woman's love for his fascism. (since no one knew what was happening to the [NAME] in 1936)	18
Doctor is Spy! ~Grunt, too late.	26
I Wish the answer were that or simple	8
Your age difference is incredibly creepy.	11
thats one impressive car!!	0
Crazy how [NAME] put out his first album at the tender age of 1	0
Okay, enough me being a great mom.	21
IVE NEVER BEEN MORE PROUD TO CAMPAIGN FOR A CANDIDATE!! I stg im so happy shes my congresswoman! finally dumped comstock!!!!	0
But that makes even less sense. The government is having a hard time collecting taxes, therefore people are poor? 	6
I'm shocked. You mean to say the economic model adopted by every single financially successful country on the planet actually works? /S	26
Nope. No joke. Also happy cake day	17
The supplement industry is another scam. Multi billion dollar industry. Stop wasting your money on GNC prework out drinks and go straight to the real source.	5
No worries! Hope you enjoy it as much as I have! :)	20
Eh for the right money you cant go wrong letting the kid earn it	5
Freedom? Not in New 2013 and it’s gotten a lot worse since	11
I didn’t realize! I’m pretty new here. Should I check the website?	4
I would like that.	4
Mate, just stop. You’re being an embarrassment.	12
Whooo!! She waited... then paused the. Went in!! Oooooohhhh the shade!!!!!	13
It's not uncommon for OTPs to not use their mics or stay out of chat all together because of all the flame they get.	9
We really need to go on some sort of winning streak	8
Ok? Why the spammy post?	7
Where else was he going to hang his sash up?	7
I really wish I could scroll through comments with the video still playing.. sigh	20
aw momma big hugs.	18
Lol hokay guy.	1
Thank. Regardless, the fact that you can stay at 1mg kpins is fantastic	15
Im more impressed with the non-toxic team work! Good job!	0
Happy one week anniversary	17
Beating OSU some how lol	1
This is what we have for emergencies. It’s great and takes the 1 lbs canisters that are super cheap and easy to find.	0
Must not hit opponents on the first frame then. My mistake	22
Not an RFA my dude	10
Try some other banks, maybe smaller ones, and good luck! Maybe get that deposit up a bit more, and borrow less.	20
Wow your post history is toxic.	0
I am 33 and I still regret things I said in the 5th grade.	25
maybe. Id praise her for it though. In a world of... instagram beauty... its refreshing when someone is just themselves	0
Hmm... I don't think EPCOR is the reason the oilers suck	10
What does ‘open border’ mean to you? Honest question because I may be confused by what it means	6
Whales have excellent hearing. I couldn't imagine how it is hearing loud ass sonar.	0
The Dude looks great. I always get worried when I see [NAME] play these haggard characters. But he's just that good.	0
You can start your life over any time you want. I think the secret is to not let failure keep you from trying again.	4
Totally hamberders the President, thank you	15
at sunset i want to bang my wife there on the rock	8
Well, i was hoping it didn't run flat.	20
Not saying it's bad. It just initially looked like the kinda thing you use in resection to stuff	3
Just out of curiosity are you in the military?	7
[NAME] damn I love [NAME].	18
It is an absolutely horrible ultimate I agree after 400 hours on doom I still hate it	14
I know what you mean. I'm actually looking for a [NAME] irl. That's hard to find...	4
If I tried that I would lose badly, get laughed at, and be back at square one.	10
Haha, this is hilarious.	1
"I disagree with everything after ""job."" "	10
Like....what even is the purpose of that lie? Ahaha	1
Thank you. I saves your comment, to buy this book when I get outta the field	15
Hopefully that's patched soon.	20
Come on. Foul or not, that was a great move	0
You’ve done us a good service	0
That looks lovely, but what’s the mutant on the top?	18
Pleased to meet you. Hope you guess my name.	17
Yep - I was meaning for that to be rhetorical. And thanks, I'm looking out for numero uno!!!	15
Someone will actually spend their money on this too, that’s the sad part	25
Seahawks themselves are insufferable, so I would prefer a Dallas win. If only they both could somehow lose simultaneously...	8
Not really, the save file has nothing to do with the engine.	3
I understand that they're meeting a demand I just don't think meeting that demand is a social good.	10
> Crab Rave Ayyy I've never seen this before I kinda wanna go but seems scary.	14
Lol. That's exactly what I said. Yep. That's it.	1
The best thing about it is that it's tons of people that didn't know he existed 2 months ago and have never watched him play.	0
migration lol	1
Only an idiot would visit places like China or NK. Arbitrary abductions and detentions against foreigners have happened for a long time now.	3
I feel so much safer when my doctors are only abusing prescription medication... /s	5
Haaaa! That's awesome! Sounds like my town, Alamogordo, New Mexico.	0
I can't do it anymore today, I'm out. 	9
Good for you. But ignoring [NAME] situation makes the article pointless.	5
Yeah I don’t think [NAME] wants you to fuck my wife/his girlfriend anymore you cuck	11
I'm sorry. I wish I could give you more hopeful answers.	24
How did this not get marked as meta? Tried posting something similar here and it was instantly flagged as “meta commentary about the sub” and blocked.	26
Nah, you should have just listened when I tried to warn you about fake 	9
I'm sorry that I pay for music now to support these small artists. I know I'm a monster but I will try to be better.	20
I am glad I wasn’t the only one. I thought wow they’re really gonna get it for this one	23
He wants to make excuses for his affair and I doubt you'll feel better after listening to him. In fact, you may actually feel worse. 	11
Sorry I was being facetious	24
### Because Shaggy IS such a powerful being	4
It's ok I still have no idea how to add	6
This is about as unacceptable as the subject can get.	10
The tactical alliance between PYD and the US doesn't fit the characterization of intervention. That's also not relevant to what the hashtag is about.	10
This is a pure salty thread. Congratulations, dear Sir/Madam.	15
Yeah knew that as well but i dont know wich color is the best to use though. Is purple the best choice?	6
Short answer, you can’t. Your making that sacrifice	10
To be fair I was in that crowd and there was barely any room to move.	22
I need to save this for hipster resistance supporters	8
TIL iguanas can be pretty cute	0
This is true...	4
Wow it looks like we held our own negotiating here, nice to see.	0
Please show me where you provided any evidence to back up your claim?	7
Oh look, someone who doesn't understand how living languages work.	26
"Don't fight reactionary idiots in public sure sounds a lot like ""sit down and shut up"" to me"	3
Damn you, [NAME]. I’m a woman and yours are bigger than mine. It’s not fair!	3
It really didn't. You were the one who came out hurling insults around. Are you projecting? 😂😂😂	7
I think this is next on our list, thanks!	15
That really sucks. How old is your baby?	7
"OMG its youuuuuuu u/Sippinthatminttea. I remember you 😆 😆 😆 ""interesting creature"" 😋 😂 "	1
The app trio is the only thing worthwhile there. Won ton tacos +boneless wings + spinach dip and I'm a happy camper.	17
Comic sans to seal the deal. Love it.	18
"Lol OK. I guess we'll skip over the ""generally accepted"" part of the definition cuz why not, eh?"	1
Orange fan sad. :(	25
Not sure why you're being downvoted	10
believe me, it almost did for me. if i was a woman my panties would have dropped instantly. lol	1
Made me laugh, tbh.	1
Y’all need one of those world famous mascots. Your top at producing those.	0
Indication of questionable parenting perhaps. Encouraging this reaction seems a bit tacky. Not respectable, if we're truthful here.	9
Part of me want to see the rest but the other part of me realises he's probably cold	22
Funny. I take mine out of the hair tie and leave it down or in a loose clip.	1
I almost feel sorry for the poor fellow because, to me, the fingers still look abnormally stubby	24
Oh my god Del Monico. Horrific. Even the ambient smell in the hallways makes me gag.	14
I've heard of Ne Obliviscaris and the Ocean. I'll check these out, thanks!	15
I will read these articles. Thanks for sharing.	15
Oh yes the dreaded Sabres second period:(. I hope they win tonight.	20
Oh goody, another idiot trying to tell other people what we believe. You are trolling, end of fact.	3
Oh dang I hadn’t even looked at her face!	9
How many gallons do we need is my favorite so far. The sad part is that it was always pleasant.	25
Hope your surgery goes well and a quick recovery!	20
The fact their team is stacked makes me hate them, along with [NAME] being a dirty player. Also they are in our division 	3
Trust me, I'd love to have foreskin but there's some sort of weird thing going on here involving circumcision.	18
BUT 3 MILLION VOTES!	26
I couldn’t believe my ears. she’s unbelievable.	26
"""You're right. Things are boring. You should find someone who isn't boring. I will too."""	4
Policing is inherently coercive. Anyone who opposes coercive authority must by definition oppose policing.	10
it's kinda cute	0
I didn't know that they had that on there lol. Are those the kind of shows that you're into?	1
When are you and dad going to pop out a few baby-mammas for us boys, huh? And that's the *less* disgusting alternative. Blech!	11
I second this sentiment! This has bothered me since the beginning and I don’t know if she really grasps how incredibly offensive this is!	4
I was wondering the same thing	26
Very suspicious...	7
If my dog were as ugly as you, id shave its butt, and tell it to walk backwards	3
Nice try GRU.	0
I feel like there's some shenanigans in place here.	4
Saw a video on Instagram from my friend that lives in Longmont. The snow looks so pretty. Do want.	0
Lol let me do you one better, what FPS games have EVER had built in aim assist with controller on pc?	1
"I instinctively thought that meant ""That's gotta hurt"""	4
Every YouTube comment: [NAME] is beautiful and perfect how dare [NAME] and [NAME] breath near her, the production are forcing them on us.	0
Can you link in the full posted videos where they yelled about the wall ? Thanks.	7
If you use one of those two I automatically hate you	2
Some girls will like you, some girls won't. The end.	18
May you find and skin the perpetrator. My apologies to your family. ❤	16
She isn't disrespectful like [NAME] but she's also a cheater and she's making ridiculous excuses for her cheating	2
"Each Dark Souls game has been voted ""Most Likely to Result in Controller Damage""."	2
Wish this applied to TPS's	8
This was beautiful!	0
This is horrible. I just have one question about your title. Are you implying that hate as a concept is always a bad thing?	7
Sorry to hear that, I hope you're doing better now.	24
Proud [NAME], proud European. There are at least 16m of us.	21
I called an ambulance for my friend without knowing it was against her wishes. She never blamed me but I felt really bad about it.	25
I read his book. I liked it. Sensible advice, and he's a good writer with an interesting background. 	0
Omg I'm so dumb I didn't even think of it like that.	9
Np good luck!!	15
"It just has to be ""unequivocal and unconditional"". ""Good faith"" was from the Advocate General opinion, not the Court."	20
That and i realized that i have many lucid dreams where i know that i am dreaming. I never had lucid dreams before nofap	22
Behavior I'd consider deeply immoral without showing true remorse (I'm talking rape, torture of animals, that sort of thing).	24
Holy shit that SSP was beautiful	0
[NAME]. 	1
I discovered this channel last night! She has a video on Harry Potter and the end of history that’s really good.	22
I was love bombed, then ghosted... and it broke me	18
Ah yes, Plastique Tiaras drag race, thank you so much izzy....noriega <— That explains alot!	15
"I laughed so hard at that episode, I remember my parents coming into my room asking ""What happened, are you ok?"""	1
"The amount of actual debating about who is ""best girl"" is fucking ridiculous Jeez, y'all need to chill"	3
I don't play assassins much, but I love playing Rat.	4
Also [NAME] just tweeted about voting for [NAME] as well, they truly do love him	18
Curse them out.	2
>We must invade Brazil to protect the Amazon rainforest from the fascist [NAME] Retards on r/worldnews	5
Interesting situation. You're actually supporting a strong awesome woman, but everyone who sees you is just gonna think you're a misogynistic psycho.	0
Had no clue what they were but first thing I realized is how bad the logo is	22
Or they just don't understand why cats do that with kittens.	10
not sure why your rhetorical question got downvoted.	6
You know what’s ignorant? People who spend their free time making themselves look like a belligerent, disputatious assholes. Find something better to do. 	3
>very creepy horror-themed Very accurate description and only from a few second piece of an audio recording	14
We like what we like.	18
Mate imagine reacting so poorly to be called out to calling anyone who has been discussing ozil and sven unreasonable.	9
I'm REALLY glad the guy saved him but seeing him so pitiful and scared really lingers with me. :(	14
LOL this lasted long.	1
Since their job is to keep us safe, I would argue that it is very important.	4
I dont think [NAME] or [NAME] said a word during this exchange. Like umm, yeah we actually love our wives and want to be with them. 	18
Right? It was frustrating (and concerning) that he used such bad reasoning when his job is to curb phishing :/	2
You're a great dad.	0
I'll miss [NAME]	25
lmao i just laughed so hard at this, screw yates	1
Alright, thanks for that tip! <3	15
Vamos [NAME], keep fighting! 	3
maybe post the article since it's already out lol	1
"Haha, my mind started quoting ""the standard of truth has been erected..."""	1
"Couldn't really fit this as a ""how to,"" does that mean I have to go to jail now? Source: "	14
My home equity rose 120k in the 3 years since i bought it. Just saying	4
It makes me feel good. Wholesome is a very subjective thing.	17
Gungrabbers? You act like they're busting in your door and taking your guns. No one is forcing you to do this.	2
True Story! That's the sad Part of it...	25
So cute!	0
This is disgusting.	11
She already is. The darling that WTA so badly needed with the talent to back	3
Twas a joke ❤️	17
Well I hope so, I work in a pawnshop in a not great part of town and I'd love to be able to carry	18
This article gives the details	4
Amusing considering she isn’t a mom.	1
Oh. Thanks. I was too lazy to read the [NAME] and just presented my opinion. My bad	15
Hmm ... Vancouver is not on the list? that's interesting ...	13
I'm not surprised to read this within the sub it's in. Bunch of knuckle dragging storm troopers WOULD be angry to see people liberate themselves. XD	2
Every time I see a something like, 'thanks for nothing, [NAME],' I mentally apologize to her, lol. 	1
I’m sure losing obj will help [NAME] get out of his slump, or help develop whichever rookie qb they bring in. 	4
Thing is, some fans will *never* be happy. There is nothing that can be done to please them. That's the problem.	9
Damn rui lol. Serving looks.	1
"The real power move is to write ""Have a nice day"" even if you lose."	22
No I’m happy to spend big on myself. I’m not happy to spend my money on layabout benefits claimants.	17
That’s kind of what we feel. But yeah $12 an hour, cost of living sucks though. 	3
I may have awful taste, i would want this cake	11
There's a surprising amount of [NAME] in this thread.	26
I'm flying home to stl tonight. Land at 8pm. Have to get all the way down 44.....fuck.	3
I didn’t like that blue & yellow until you said [NAME].	10
Yay we start off with the love triangle!	18
Excellent analysis!	0
"[NAME] is like ""Mine! AALLL MINE HAHAHA"""	1
Absolutely insane documentary. I actually thought it was a parody at one point but it’s all real.	0
Great pass by [NAME]	0
Maybe 10-12 years ago lol	1
It's the top comment. How weird.	11
"""cool little surprise"" ow youtubers: NEW HERO NEW SKINS NEW MAPS NEXT WEEK?!"	26
This dog is so cute	0
Does this mean anything for the stability of Taiwan? Im going there in a month on a school field trip that could easily be canceled.	7
I mean, yeah, I'd complain a little. But then I'd eat the crap outta that.	3
Does southern miss have another gunslinging qb with a funny name?	7
That looks like the Galt House hotel in Louisville. Is that right?	6
i love this i am big fun of cross over and Lore Skin	18
Hahaha aww Noo I love Belfast! One of my favourite cities hands down	18
My [NAME] is pretty cool too	0
Enough already. I'm sorry that the breakup is going to be painful, but you can do much better. 	25
That was quite the read, very good story!	0
Its soooo cringy that I had to watch it again	12
Sorry it was late at night. I fixed it.	24
Then who is it? I've mixed results with all fighters, but I definitely lose to [NAME] the most.	7
honestly i don’t mind it but ik some people do and i rly don’t care enough to get into that	3
I cant help it if i dream abt it damn	3
Closing in on $300,000 now, this stream is incredible.	0
Sorry for your loss mate	24
I can't delete my account, so I'm just gonna edit the post itself. Thank you for your help!	15
This. Thank you.	15
I guess I've never seen that written out. Thanks for the correction.	15
2weeks ago?	6
Yes, you're supposed to keep it. Like I said, its only when the voice gets out of control that you should start to worry.	4
"If that's a euphemism for ""emotional thinking"" then I agree with you"	4
Obviously not real but damn i wish it was.	8
For the [NAME] I always love our deep ACC Tourney runs. I’d love a regular season championship though	18
I'm too late to rub this into all the casual's faces. :(	9
That is a great idea! I will propose in in my next session.	0
It's so focused on the presenter and he is so unengaging it's painful.	25
I've had such bad memories, I remember when I remember bad times now! Haha	25
"But 80% of the time they go back to ""single"" (or just remove the relationship status), so no worries."	23
I hate u i love u.. best song that describes that	0
My aunt can also be very intimidating when she needs to be. It's her super power.	0
And, what happened...	7
Open borders, free healthcare, free college, no taxes or guns. Did I miss any of the dream? Oh yes, regulated speech too. 	6
So birds and limes are bikes. Wow, TIL. 	13
very interesting - I’ll have to read up on him - thanks :)	15
I have a wery gweat frwiend in Wome, you know. 	0
Thanks. I’m not sure your response is a proper attempt at answering the question.	15
Always wanted to try [NAME], I'll add her to my list.	8
I’m so glad I’m not the only one with this stuck in my head now!	22
SUBSCRIBE TO PEWDIEPIE OR I WILL HACK YOUR REDDIT ACCOUNT!!!!!!	3
Quite surprised I wasn’t on there	26
Less frugal, right?	7
Great shot!	0
Thank you, have never been to a church and couldn’t have know it is called a pew.	15
ONLY FUCKING MERRILL WOULD MISS THAT	2
Might as well give Baron [NAME] a shot. He stepped aside for [NAME], he probably deserves a real shot now. 	4
I know and I think that's a lot more impressive/interesting. :)	0
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **2nd Cakeday** slumbishop! ^(hug)	17
It's not vague at all. No one aside from slave owners thinks anyone has a rightful claim to another persons life.	10
Good luck!	15
I remember reading this on a rage comic site 7 years ago hahaha!	1
Now you tell me! I’m heading at high speed towards a one-third-life crisis and need a change.	3
Thanks. 22-23 is about when Chabad bochurim tend to do semichah. And it's officially always done before marriage.	15
Absolutely, yes. I could not feel better right now, and I could not have felt worse yesterday.	4
OMG. The company logo reminded me of something. AAAAAAAAAAAH.	26
So you ignored the part I was clearly responding to, though, and decided you needed to explain the other thing. That makes sense to you?	3
Newcastle too. Fake snow news!	10
I don't know who is dumber here.	6
I didn't realize CPO was an add-on available, I just saw their advertising. Thanks!	15
I hate that. PC is way better for using the internet. I also hate how all the important features for the website missing on phone version.	11
Thank you! In Germany and was sick of waiting and wondering	15
No fuck that guy. I'm actually relived he was shot. Sounds like a sack of human garbage	3
This was a beautiful moment for the FT coming together	0
I wear pantyliners mostly every day now due to my random spotting, it helps but I feel the odor is seeping through my clothes. Thanks for the suggestion	15
I wish I could get this kind of funny stuff sent to me on Snapchat. All I ever get are bobs and vagene.	1
Thank you for the support! Hope to see you in the chat!	15
Rofl this pysyk kid is a disgrace	1
The last few years have really woken me up to how *misleading and harmful* journalism is to our society.	22
As bad as the session was, I really do love your drow bard she sounds super fun to play with	18
Oh sorry, I'll do that.	24
Thank you :D	15
Ooof girl...I thought this was satire at first it was so cringe.	3
They come to your house and rob you at gun point. Be honest. What are some ways that this could be resolved?	14
Such a *great* feeling	0
Thank you Dad, very cool!	15
No idea, don't see the EU budging, probably some vague clauses that have no weight.	6
There’s a cat sitting on my lap right now she’s so cute	0
Wow did we marry the same guy. My STBX left the state for 3 months with no contact with his child.	13
Whoops, just posted about those two subjects elsewhere ITT before I saw your post.	22
No, but I might choose to not support certain teams because their owners are trash.	2
Shut up, or you'll be tossed off the roof!	2
Arsenal FC the retirement home... No thanks [NAME]	10
Not anymore, haven't heard of him in ages.	10
[NAME] lives. Obviously you can quote me on that, because i just said it. [NAME] dies. [NAME] dies. Fuck [NAME]. 	2
Really? I was in New York last week and had to stand in the freezing cold to pump gas twice.	7
Yeah, It's just difficult to resist the lure of the dark side.	9
Whoa I actually remember this. Wait shit does that mean I’m old	3
"Its actually ""[NAME]"" , not ""[NAME]"".. Sounds like a drunk to me. Glad to hear nothing horrible happened "	17
"THANK YOU! You should be able to set a preference before your cut that says, ""no small talk please""."	15
*Pauses clip to make sure that's not me* We're good. What a disappointing [NAME]!	9
I have a 1080ti and an i7 8700k and on very fast at 40k bitrate I'm already hitting 50% cpu usage on obs alone, any suggestions?	7
If you have to ask you're too uncool to be allowed in.	9
Nice of you to have some social awareness. I’m sure he appreciates that.	0
Obviously, it was a humorous comment. But I'm pretty sure I can guess what you voted :P	0
Did she happen to find a magical ring before she drown?	7
It's pretty convenient	4
Thanks ? Lol I'm no internet warrior but that crossed the line. I also DM the video to [NAME]. The girl deserves love	1
Predatory towing is getting ridiculous. I have up to date stickers for all the properties I maintain and have been towed twice. Fuck em.	11
The guy just loves drama	18
This would be cool for a kids science project about conductors and why metal is such a good conductor	4
Are you retarded?	6
Great sign! We’ll get them next year!!	0
Thank you for the update, I’ve been stressing about the shutdown and lines. This helps.	15
Thanks for recognizing me bud. And yes I will take some crap to go please	15
Because it was a cool video it was sweet, and because it was a fash it was bitter. Simple as that.	0
The paratrooper theme fits very well with his jump! Keep up the good work.	0
What were they mumbling at the end before the commercial break? That was weird.	7
Otherwise it would be a terrible disservice to the NHL	25
As an autism mum, I can’t thank you enough. ❤️	18
Haha I remember her! And that documentary was insane. (its on Netflix and is called The Rachel Divide, for anyone who is wondering.)	3
honestly this made me smile like an idiot on the subway, thank you.	15
Don't stop cold turkey. It's dangerous and you can have deadly seizures. Taper down if you are going to quit any benzo.	5
He will, they both look totally re-integrated. If not, they'll thrash the rockets bench guys lol	1
This communities inability to understand sarcasm is absolutely awe inspiring.	3
I wasn’t even expecting the reply that’s why I’m literally bamboozled.	26
The fact half the level has no fucking music is a real pain.	25
"Basic translation ""I'd rape you if I weren't a virgin!"" Super creepy."	11
Racism. They're talking about racism. The hate is the new KKK sheet.	11
Which is weird because it also looks like dog treats	11
I genuinely cannot believe [NAME] didn't get fired years ago. It shocks me more than [NAME].	26
True, we take pink and black pills daily, even some stacies are conscious of world around them being a grim place.	4
Agreed, but it took me a while to understand that.	4
[NAME]? Rape? I am shocked I tell you! SHOCKED!	26
Skypeia in One Piece has literally nothing to do with the main plot but I loved it. It also gave us the single greatest reaction image.	18
Please cut her off from your life. You don’t need to deal with this behaviour. Be safe and please take care.	5
[NAME]... Cur from Kindred says hi. (Order). Y'all remember JTT? Best guild ever.	0
> ...he was afraid for his life... I see he has mastered the magic incantation.	14
They love me!	18
That’s fun.	1
That lil cat, I want it!	8
good looks guys	0
At no point in the game has that been true	10
Is it something you run into commonly with older adults? Sounds like in some ways it may make your job easier. Thanks for your work!	15
My god. I'd place that upside-down on the table and walk.	20
Oh fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck RIGHT OFF!!!!!	2
Wonder how much meth it would cost to get the dentist to give him a new tooth?	7
That’s so precious and sweet 😭	0
I want a Doritos crown, too!	8
Lol my ex loved [NAME] binged trough all seasons.	1
talking about [NAME] i think	4
Thanks, ive been thibking about telling the school principal, maybe itll help	15
This is unironically the worst trade I've ever seen.	11
[NAME] freaking [NAME] all the people down range just staring. -_- GO INSIDE DUMBASSES.	2
Man... it’s been a while since I laughed so hard watching one of these vids	1
Tortilla chips are the worst oml. One time a piece got lodged between my gum and my tooth. Like, that fella was /deeply/ embedded in my gum	9
Ah [NAME] I love this post!	18
Sorry, I posted this first but then you said something that I wanted to acknowledge I agreed with.	24
I spent a week in Ottawa one night. Amazing architecture but awful, filthy, drug infested city. Terrible ppl and a dirty trash hole.	10
I'm not a health threat. I'm vaccinated and have no children. Thanks again for your uninformed analysis.	15
Oh boy yeah	13
Love the use of ginormous ... so true	18
After reading a lot of replies you should bee ashamed of yourself. This thread is a hive of bad puns and references.	2
Aww thanks :)	15
I’d rather have 50$ every time I see a variation of this prompt lol	1
That's a weird answer.	3
This is the most unathletic thing I've seen in a while.	9
Yep, they expect you to revolve around them, but think they’re exempt from returning the favour. 	3
I'd put the Thielen TD against Packers as number 1. That was such an amazing play by [NAME] and [NAME].	0
Are you high? People go for walks while wearing clothing all the time. It's when you go without the clothes that you run into problems.	5
Lmao what's the difference neither one is refrigerated. People are fucking stupid	2
You could be right!	4
I love Crimson Skies.... That's a completely fucked thing to do.	18
Haha yea few cars drive worse than a Versa. Aside from performance, what are some must haves/wants?	10
OHHHH, I like where Richmond is going with that.	17
mtv has agreed to take some of the load by having them on...i wonder if they get paid per appearance or flat season fee.	26
Thanks for the confirmation	15
I’d keep at this line of dialogue but I’ve got to rewind some videocassettes, sorry. Carry on without me.	24
So THIS is what it's like to have a seizure when listening to self control...	4
They're a double edge sword. Not too heavy on the beauty, but they always immensely helped me to immerse.	5
That’s how they’ve (the cartels) been doing it for decades. Not sure how this one was done tho.	6
DEMOCRATSPF ARE LITERALLY HITLER!!!!	2
No, but a cast member did talk to him after his yelling. 	10
Okay, thank you!	15
Not true at all	10
As much as I love the dodgers, I can’t see them in the World Series 3 times in a row... so yeah, backwards.	18
Good to know. The little chapel in there is pretty gnarly.	23
No! Mom said it was MY turn!!!!	10
Omg like I get so moody when I'm hungry lol im so bipolar Yyyeeaaahhhh...	1
And what a fuckton of karma it was. It’s fake stories like this that really prove that communism is the far superior economic system.	2
Damn you really love using name calling as a crutch don’t you?	7
Love this show :)	18
You need to look in the mirror if you going to say that [NAME] is overrated yet want to trade him for scrubs like Dedmon	10
I wish to find my best one.	8
Close your damn mouth before it catches a fly	3
I guess I dont see a difference between harassing someone and pretending to harass by actually harassing them. Their motivation or pre planning doesnt really change anything right?	22
Thank you for sharing, there are many abusive relationships out there and it's not always so easy to leave 	15
Sadly the Request a Book of [RELIGION] requires a phone number now. But if you have theirs it might work;	25
Something Is wrong with your account then. The auctions I win get plastered all over my email and app notifications.	6
I’m still sorry you had to go through that. I’m sorry anybody has to experience fear on a daily basis.	24
I was actually coming here to add a comment about her! She’s so cute and talented!	0
Love u too booboo	18
I live in Orlando, where was this? lol	1
Thank you!!!	15
Poor baby :( I hope the snake is doing ok	20
If it was super easy to get citizenship. I would love to.	18
I turned the news on around 6 this morning and have never been so happy to have a commute of 4 miles to my job	17
Maybe, but I don’t think he’s capable of make a studio by himself lol	1
“She had the same expression as the shocked Pikachu meme.” Lmao.. this made me laugh so hard lol	1
Good luck my dude, took me three OD's before I realized I should probably stop.	20
Was thinking the same. But watching the fight, one time def had it	22
Maybe Orlando for Bolts vs Cats? Or Daytona might be better	20
I'm so effin' proud of you! You handled it beautifully!	0
Yeah fuck this shit, the dude isn't even doing anything noteworthy, it's just a man doing his job.	3
I use to get this but now I just get ghosted.	9
What a tool!	0
Weird flex but ok	3
[NAME] and [NAME]. Both are really cute in different ways	0
Amazing. Perfect ending.	0
Ahh you must be speaking of M & W Industries! I know it well I'll never forget the smell of pickles.	17
I asked her before I told her. She took it on herself. I say NO all the time when I don't want to hear sadness and pain	10
Teleport, people forget you need a mask in a bank safe because of cameras, so put on a mask :D	22
Happy cake day!	13
Wow misleading title.. Ffs	26
"The loving mother referred to her son as ""the one with acne"". He's better off."	18
I'm glad you realize that [NAME] is part of the problem and not the solution.	22
I will upvote any gif that has [NAME] as Dr. [NAME] in it. I loved her performance in Maniac.	18
Ok will do, but I listened to the ep right before I posted this.	4
That should be fun. I may have call in sick tomorrow. Lots of Bournemouth fans including my boss.	17
Doctor charged 400 bucks for a blood pressure check before renewing my wife's high BP medication. She HAS been acting a little weird la	11
oh, ive seen that, ugh breeders have such weird and confusing minds	11
I'm just here to say fuck [NAME]	2
Yeah man, fuck the man. Can’t have people getting free stuff or have any creative marketing ideas.	2
Ah what a good start	0
I mean all marxist obviously praise [NAME], and would hold meetings with [NAME].	0
I'm sorry. I meant numbers. Where can I see them.	24
Because the false accusation makes my anxiety worse	2
>not a cure-all. Since we don't have such a thing, is this not the next best option?	10
I'm a Bioware fanboy so obviously biased. I even enjoyed Andromeda. Haha.	17
Why the downvotes?	7
Love it or hate it. That kid is a hero	0
I sincerely apologize...I’ll delete and please take this upvote	24
That was.. very confusing and entirely unhelpful? I read it three times and got nothing from this.	6
Thankyou so much	15
Lol [NAME] must have took [NAME] phone	1
It doesn’t surprise me given that this is the kind of establishment where staff rape the coma patients.	11
I didn't think it was that bad ><	11
Thank you so much. I will check them out as well.	15
I love trying new foods for the most part	18
I would suffer a heat stroke or die of diarrhea	25
Too bad [NAME] is a bad person if abandoned and tries to kill you as well. Her singing was really nice..	10
Hahaha was this the guy, OP?	7
Are you allowed to voice any political opinion on Youtube or are they also censoring based on this?	6
Please [NAME] that’s how I want to go!	8
"""I suffer from a very sexy learning disability. What do I call it, [NAME]?"""	25
He probably got hurt making the video	9
Oh my bad hahaha	1
Definitely, I also get suspicious when someone tries to be my friend which doesn’t help	4
What a shame... she was passing really well too...	24
Get your nose hair waxed. Trust me on this.	5
He did great in dodgeball.	0
Lol. That too	1
Oh he works as a medic in CA. So hes an Aemt in other states!	4
He might be happy to discover that he is the father of someone with superpowers! LOL	17
He's not surprised they spent money, he's wondering how much they paid to have this much penetration of their marketing.	7
Damn, I totally have used Dragon as my handle on certain dating apps before. Not sure how I feel about that now lol	6
What a crazy month that was, 15 months ago... Before it was resolved. 	8
Yeah, but if they don't get the point, they go and try somewhere else... like say unpopular opinion maybe	6
> A good jab to the sternum is what I was taught. maybe a sharpened bat would work better?	7
I believe the GM of Seattle would be known as “His Royal bitch pigeoness”	20
I think it’s funny, especially those eyes! Lol	1
In such a situation, I would save the mother. Always.	5
As a fellow browns fan, unfortunate enough to be born into a browns family and in ohio... Hello sharer of a lifetime of heartbreak.	25
Look everyone it's that boy that laughs at everybody! Let's laugh at him!	1
That’s my point.	4
oh man another year	26
Everyone hates these posts but when we do post them it’s because we too are also proud of the work we do. Congrats!	21
Most of them seem to be joking about the walls.	1
I would of at least helped the poor guy. Throw some fire crackers at the dam thing	9
As I understand it, the director? left so at least if they do reboot it it’ll be in more competent hands lol	1
I know they finally gave Return of the King best Pic but my favorite out of the three was Two Towers. They are all great though.	0
Thanks! I've got at least 6 certifications from coursera and a few more from udemy. Good luck to you too!	15
I told you you’re right it’s silly anyone would care about foreign intelligence attempting to influence elections. What a silly joke.	1
I can’t imagine being this retired	9
*right, [NAME]. thank you for clarifying.	15
it's not but damn i'm sorry to hear how common this is	24
Same. Thats not the usual flight path out of [NAME]. Really curious how they got this pic.	7
thats just an unpopular opinion, and legally wrong.	10
Oh dear. Ive tried to forget that. Lmao If some one brings this up, i just remind them we are also the toilet water town. Lol	1
We don't care as much for 69. Hard to do properly. Glad it works for you. We prefer to take turns.	20
**YOU CANNOT MURDER ME! IT'S ILLEGAL.**	10
I wish I could be half as cool as that guy	20
Thanks for explaining it! I’m not sure why my comment got downvoted. Without context, it makes no sense.	15
Totally came to ask this question too!	22
He's not had a great season but Athletic in general has been a shitshow this season (and last) so no real surprise there.	3
This sounds like fainting. Get your blood pressure/sugars checked.	5
Well...yeah. It did.	4
She clearly was too afraid to speak up.	14
My face imitated the Pikachu meme for a long time...	1
You are so ugly even tears wont show up near you	11
Thank you! I do so love making people laugh, and when they let me know I did good.	15
It's funny because [NAME] actually transformed his play after he left Bulls and evemtually signed with Heat. Would be hilarious if [NAME] did something similar	1
I dont think [NAME] is a fun drunk type of dude.	10
I suppose the circumstances of it would chance things a bit :p	20
Omgz rite?!!1 updoots!	26
I'd say the pecans is the biggest mistake	3
It wouldn’t even have been a month yet though... I can’t believe this bootlicking nonsense is upvoted here. [NAME] supporters everywhere these days smh	26
Then fling baseless insults at me. Youre doing great.	0
Lol didn't some character mention even the league of assassins was afraid of [NAME]?	1
Why was this post removed? It wasn't even bad.	3
He likes an old song and is young DISGUSTING	11
Honestly I don't care if they're faked. It's an original concept that I find pretty funny	1
It's weird because sometimes I care and sometimes I don't. Although I wouldn't call myself an asexual I could be leaning more towards demisexual.	11
I'll definelty look into this, thank you for the advice and kind words :) 	15
Well this is terrifying.	14
I guess I can see that, especially cuz [NAME] has connections with TMZ and they love drama between two people	18
I love the fsct [NAME] liked this. [NAME] can suck it.	18
Kid has a disease/condition where his skin falls off at the slightest touch	25
Same. I want to play through it to get the platinum trophy on PS4 but it's not worth the time sink.	8
hMMM [NAME] is actually my worst hero in the game. I’ll work on him, though	22
Some are still thinking what's going on😂😂	6
It's weird how quickly I agreed with you. Usually I'da been more incredulous.	4
I was fine until I got to the ICU.	4
No she would just get 18 years in jail (raising a kid).	10
I wonder if losing their majority in the 2019 locals would shift the Unionist parties’ position?	7
No way a tattooed ex-con with a drug/drinking problem might turn abusive!	10
As a white man on the internet I'm outraged... because I had to laugh and laughing hurts right now : (	3
It doesn't, it just resets back to 1 *before* adding in your upvote. You're not gaming the system lol	1
I love the bus so much.	18
Thanks, but please use the stickied megathread for all discussion and submissions. Repost it over there.	15
[NAME] is giving y'all some weird energy. I wish [NAME] would do that	8
We're moving from Utah to California later this year. These statistics make me even more excited!!	13
This just makes me angry.	2
Your grad school advisor is an old fashioned idiot You are not. You are great!	0
Can he fire himself?	6
I am so sorry those kind of people make me sick	25
It's a shitty made shirt but if it was done well I'd wear it.	9
Yeah, my partner is a starfish. Thanks, i needed that precise clarification. Dead whale sex too. 	15
Ah there it is	13
It’s only missing a line that says “who was born in June” for absolutely no reason	9
We had a long debate about how old Jackie bird is and as per every year were surprised by the result. Was pish	26
Thats so cool man. Have you tried dmt	7
Hell yeah. Enjoy your new bachelor life son!	17
they might have seen me pooping	6
that number 3 is soooo familiar and sad.	25
Lucky I caught people reacting on twitter. For some reason I thought this game as at 6 PM.	17
American here. Not laughing. Routine circumcision of male infants is a violation of their bodily autonomy. I wish had my foreskin back.	8
Was this tattoo designed by [NAME]?	7
Who said i was a kid?	7
There is no excess. Everybody gets what they agreed upon. Fake news.	4
She's a moron for running out in traffic. Deserved all she got.	3
Why is it embarrassing?	7
This post is bad because the only good phone is the Palm Pre 3 running webOS	11
You can say what you want about USM, but we love our baseball.	18
...what? You're far more concerned with the o line than signing [NAME].	26
I always love her reaction. She acts like life is over.	18
The god awful CGI is honestly entertainment enough!	0
70 year old me doesn't give a fuck just piss or get off the pot!	2
awful vehicle physics that cause you to instantly die when hitting small bumps and certain angles! WHY!	3
The sad thing is his is still glitched. Just a couple days ago I died from [NAME] lightsaber about 5 seconds after someone else killed him.	25
I'm so sorry, please stay strong and know you're loved 	18
Spiritual success is also massively dependent on other people. Good luck finding spiritual success outside of a community of other people.	20
I thought it was gen 2 that was affected by the dead batteries due to the internal clock?	22
They lead a bad defense though. And [NAME] isn’t blameless here, he’s not good against the run.	10
[NAME] passing is worse than usual. It's alright, but god damn is it painful to watch.	25
I'm genuinely curious how Russia's vested interest in South Africa will have any impact on the way that Russian news reports on SA	7
I'd rather not be in the 90's kid category anyways.	10
This would be a good thing. I want capitalism to die.	0
And she will try so be careful op	5
Patience. Give it another day or so. Send a text telling her you enjoyed her company and wanna do it again. Hopefully she responds	20
Don't think you should be nominated for Breakout and Best of the year but whatever.	10
FFS, there is a [NAME]?!?!? Seemed really qualified for that county job. So glad to see this family go downhill....	15
I’m shocked that no one got whooshed by this comment	26
Yes. Less toxic =/= nontoxic.	4
You spend most of your time here in the Rangers threads talking about how much you hate the huns. That's pretty weird as well.	3
Literally loving this. Where are all the guys like you irl?!	18
I’m sorry. If it was me- go straight to divorce and file. Why prolong the pain and abuse.	24
I don't swallow toothpaste idiot	2
This is the cutest shit I've seen all day.	0
Have them put out a Linux client and I'll be happy to give them a try.	4
I am having fun haha :D *creeper mode on* jk lol	1
[NAME] might be all those things, but he pissed me off canceling his appearances at Coachella and Gov’s Ball. Very unwavy of him 	10
I have a lot of unopened DM’s but thanks	15
Let’s go [NAME], prove everyone wrong.	10
That right hand sent our dad flying across the cage. Lol	1
How this post is still up??🤔🤔	6
I keep giggling cause I’m imagining them fitting together like a puzzle...	1
Yep, still fun to theorise though!	1
I'm sure he immensely appreciates the gesture.	0
"Eh. People really are judgemental towards ""hoes"", so I don't blame them. What is stupid is to shame people for having sex."	3
Those are horrible things to say to a child, let alone a 3 yr old. I would be pissed!	14
That goes both ways, their adrenaline and determination would also be through the fucking roof.	2
Yeah, which is not helping citizens with continued attempted scamming. 	10
Just to clarify, do you mean sidebar in game?	6
If he doesn’t respond, then you’re too good for him	4
by the time I found it was a delay it was too late to go back to bed but I didn't have enough time to do anything fun	10
I really like Funhaus	18
I like mother lode in weho. A bit loud but actively un-douchy.	18
I'll second this notion. One of the first things to go is texting when I start getting sad.	25
[NAME] bless uncle [NAME]	5
Just like in Seinfeld when the waitress called the audible after [NAME] talked about how much he likes manure.	4
“Cracking himself up” nearly made me throw up.	9
Best kiki dance I’ve ever seen	0
I was expecting this to go MUCH worse than it did and I’m so glad my imagination wasn’t right.	17
Man I hope someone got fired for that blunder.	20
I'm 35 and never knew this was a thing anyone did until I saw this posted on Facebook awhile ago. It looks massively uncomfortable?	22
I hope [NAME] at least showers before his funeral.	20
I actually listened to the entire joke... and I read the press release from the CHRT. How about you?	7
[NAME], I could’ve written the last part, and the first part serves as a potent warning.m that I needed to hear. Thank you.	15
It is the truth lol	1
But she spells oddly well, and these aren't small words. It's a bunch of interrupted/disjointed thoughts. 	0
Bro. You think roads and infrastructure wouldnt be built if it wasn’t for the government? My sentiment still stands. I pity you.	3
HAHAHAHA I'M AN ASSHOLE	2
I'm looking forward to this way more than Captain Marvel. It's actually not even close	13
Guilty... waaaaay over sold myself on my resume about 12 years ago.	24
One of the best (and occasionally worst) things about being from Westside is that you can always see the skyline from any major east-west street!	0
....that's *naiveté*, break the cycle... ## DONT BE NEGATIVE 3.0	5
Thanks kindly!	15
That crowd reaction for dirk at the end. What a legend	0
I was sad when the Hawks lost [NAME] but this Schottenheimer guy seems pretty cool.	25
not really. I worked hard to live there, and it was different then. Far cheaper. 	10
They’re disgusting people inside and out	11
that's one amazing thought! All the best! we are with you!	5
Some pretty dark shit man	0
I am like the panda one, thanks! I'm also following [NAME] memes and while it def isnt all recovery stuff it's highly relatable 	15
Been looking at Panthera, will take a look at RAP N. Thanks for the consideration of my big hands :D	15
Oh I love flirtationships! This is normally us, but work takes us to a long distance relationship half of the year. 	18
That’s the most intelligent question I’ve ever been asked. I *could* answer it...	0
We put Vaseline on our teeth and lips in theater so our lips wouldn't dry out or stick to our teeth from the lights lol	1
Glad to hear it. Love Rapid City.	18
Ameen InshAllah. Thank you ☺️ I’ll try	15
We needed some way to torture a guy so a religion can be created.	2
Care to elaborate? I'm curious how this is true seeing as last I checked they were the highest paid in the country.	7
Do you need a safe space? Maybe a cold drink? Being easily offended doesn’t make you right.	5
I don’t know what that means, please explain	6
Those lines were an embarrassment today. I couldn’t not believe it.	12
Once you love someone with a mental illness, you would do anything for that power to heal. 	18
Screw DBs swill, their creepy Children of God (cult) employees, and the traffic mess it creates on Rural in Tempe	2
Oh ok. I'll go check them out :)	4
I love it. More bad blood. Cod esports baby!!	18
Nice language 👏	0
I'm proud that this is the first response I see.	21
7x04 for me, but I like the positivity. It was one of my best episodes of the season.	0
Super creepy. And leaving the note is out of line	14
I have insomnia too thanks for the recommendation, always on the look out for helpful podcasts and meditations 	15
You cannot have your car running while you're pumping gas.	10
No. I want to know why the law applies differently to her and how I can use that to my advantage	7
Saaaaame. There’s too many damn podcasts, and most of them are too damn long.	9
Tool fan from the U.S. here. Something seems off about this question. Cheers, mate!	17
That was a great episode	0
Ah yes, consent is when they awkwardly laugh off an unsolicited sexual encounter!	4
I'd love to have [NAME] on our team....	18
[NAME] still the best dev tho. Nice nonsense comparison btw.	3
It depresses me that the Carousel revamp has been a popular answer. Thats not a change, that a sliding scale adjustment.	25
I still don't get what the joke was supposed to be	6
If he would have landed that swing, it would have decapitated that guy.	22
I dunno. I like her.	18
Shut up cowpoke	2
Started watching when they were up 14, thought there’s no way to be disappointed today.... oh well	22
hahaha. best response I've seen in a few days	1
"""Think about how dumb the average person is; then realize that half of them are dumber than that!"" - [NAME]"	22
being reminded of that blessed image now makes me hope they won't do the whole no bipod on your back thing rip my homie franku	20
I’m not sure bud. But they do have multiple options. So that might be one of them	6
this was hard to watch but i’d take it over the grungy redhead talking about her full tummy 🤮	11
Sorry, but this one is funny. Wake up at 3am jabbing with a needle, patient satisfaction survey, what could possibly go wrong??	1
Cool, thanks!	15
Ha. She cried because you influenced it.	3
I feel the r/thathappened for more than half of the stories posted. But they're fun to read.	1
thanks you too	15
A 31 one year old woman hitting on a 21 year man is just as grossm	3
Hey man. A lot of people have criminals in their family. That doesn’t mean they are I think you need to take a step back	2
Get yourself a £1. Still occasionally get them.	5
Thanks for the information. What about any programs in the air force.	15
What does that have to do with [NAME] having sex with a child, what's the point you're trying to make with that piece of information?	3
[NAME] game sucks. He's good at comps but his strategic game is awful	0
This...is just beautiful	0
Thanks. We'll do our best :)	15
Got to love all the fake fans that know nothing about hockey!	3
I just hope a GM believes in [NAME] as much as this Raptors fan. Maybe [NAME] could give us something valuable to get this future MVP back.	20
Oh no brothers, absolutely no cheers from iraq	10
that is awesome! i've been looking into going to therapy myself. glad you were able to have a great experience.	0
Maybe that's why it's interesting.	7
Your using emotionl blackmail. Does the vet save cancer or destroy cancer? [NAME] = Vet. Your using babies and all sorts of things to manipulate. Vets only do the right thing.	2
One of my favorite shows of all time.	18
Your mental gymnastics are absolutely astounding	0
I gotta say, some of the things mentioned are pretty fun. I mean, at least when your in your 20s. 	1
funny	1
They are a couple in love so what's your beef.	18
Firstly, congrats on not being pregnant!! Now there is nothing tying you to him and you're free to find greener pastures. :)	15
Hey now!	4
Thank you! I will!	15
My son is ten months. I hope we have this relationship when he turns 14. Congrats on your lovely teen ♥️	18
Oh and now vini is down	26
Thanks for the recommendation! By this point I should just start a list. :D	15
Pistons need more picks and less aging players. Get as many picks as possible and hope to get lucky.	20
If fathers could have a say though... do you really think that would result in less children?? Id say it would result in more..	7
Why is this getting downvoted. I love Meepo so much. :(	25
Glad we cleared this up	17
Quad turret hopefully	20
Pilots omg... you are not alone there!	26
I hope [NAME], [NAME], and that wonderful, talented, [NAME] QB defeat the Pats.	20
Journalists not writing the headlines remains one of the most frustrating aspects of print media on digital platforms.	3
We haven’t heard from you in a while. Hopefully you and your kids are doing well.	20
Why shall I? It’s too much fun reading comments written by distorted bubble people ;)	1
Do you have a source for this claim. Seems promising but would love to dig into it.	18
Thanks for the info! Fellow dry eyelids , I guess I'll just keep using my usual.	15
Yes for sure! Please let me know how your job venture goes! :) would love to hear your experience.	18
You look like a guy that could use help pleasing his wife.	4
aww hell no. This fucking ad	2
Very astute observation.	0
I’ll buy it i don’t care	4
You're an uneducated twat.	2
I liked [NAME]...	18
Wow! That's too real, it touched me! Nice work :D	0
> like a fucking peregrine falcon, her and him beeline straight for her bedroom. Are they falcons or bees? Alphas don't mix metaphors.	6
That was so fun!! 😂😂😂👌👌👌🤲🤲🙏🙏🙏🔥🔥🔥😎😎	1
It’s best we end this conversation before someone interprets that differently	4
Its not the 90s old man. Now if you said you like pancake asses, thats juicy	13
I'm afraid that will leave Britain no better. Can't imagine the ruckus if remain wins.	14
America can out-lazy your ass any day.	9
Everyday, always, I am a hero inside my head	21
Literally everywhere. There's nothing especially Texan about any of this. I heard all of this in freaking SCONSIN.	9
You’re not wrong. The post is mostly a joke 🤷‍♂️	22
And why does he shame women for choosing a beautiful person over an ugly guy lol?	1
What are you expecting?	7
Haha I'd like it if our parallel lines intersect *heavy breathing*	8
> the heartbreak of a nice older truck being ruined Lol, the truck was new when this video was made.	1
Good luck with your short	20
I always loved the voice he did here.	18
How stupid are you, if you dont réalize it’s staged 	2
I'm really interested in seeing those other 6	13
thanks guys appreciate the clarifications!	15
Okay thanks. I'll see if I can find out how to do that.	15
Hope you had fun atleast; it's amazing to see up close in person compared to the camera.	17
Which you ultimately pay for in higher insurance premiums, court costs, etc. Dealing with big problems like this is a net positive for everyone.	4
I lost a six pack this way once. For a good year every traffic stop became a field sobriety test.	25
I had no idea. Is this recent?	6
Where on earth do you live that newborn non drug exposed babies up for adoption end up in the foster system? Sounds pretty optimistic on her part.	7
It's called a fullstop in England. My fucking immersion in this meme is ruined.	2
You got this! Go easy on yourself man..	5
That looks pretty cool	0
"Yeah I was waiting for him to coming at the end with ""Why don't you just let us do it?"" I would."	4
i was not prepared for this	9
I can't wait for the r/hockey GDT with the saltiest fanbase in Reddit. I think I'm just gonna stick to our sub tonight.	13
Me too. Book of Abraham is such a headache for the church. They would love to get rid of it I am sure.	3
Just some statistics I saw bud. Calm down.	23
I did not know that! I love me some quality evil dead	18
poor [NAME]. Someone else on here called her [NAME] from Family Ties. 😂😂 I legit feel for her.	5
Fuck off.	2
Keep defending their failures and advocating for people to stay silent and just lie down. Good luck with that, it's unfortunately working.	15
There's a user here that advocates for disarmament and authoritarianism. I've noticed that a new username pops up periodically with similar content/ views.	22
Nah, this sub is for well put together unpopular opinions. This is too low effort.	10
I Can't Believe It's Not Butter.	26
I <3 you!	18
Thanks for the honour of speaking with the representative of atheism.	15
Hope this place will still be around in a few years time!	20
If you’re going to be willfully ignorant, we have nothing to discuss. Good luck clinging desperately to these antiquated ideas.	20
LUL, this is the 3rd time that Ajax has lost team on Busan. Unlucky.	9
[NAME] is one of the worst announcers ever. [NAME] is one of the best.	0
Maybe, part of growing up is realizing how little impact you have on the grand scheme of things.	22
Hahahahah, I will consider	1
Ah thanks for the tip.	15
No need to bully me.	3
Nae bother, Happy to bring musical joy in to any household.....	17
But if you go to fredmeyer, which is also Kroger, It's like 50% cheaper on most things. lol.	1
Slap her hand if she is trying to force you to do anything! Tell her not to put her hands on you, and enforce it every time. 	2
are you short ? maybe your toilet is too tall causing the seat to cut circulation	7
Winter depression has finally gotten to me. So damn bored even with all these bowl games on.	3
Denver will pay for bus fare so homeless people can come live here And we love it! That's where the tents come from!	18
It positively reeks of an abusive household	3
Thanks, posted there!	15
I would have a similar reaction if she committed neck rope.	4
I'm not sure anyone has asked, and feel free to not answer. But is your feeling that the team definitely favors [NAME] right now? 	6
Haha its okay!	1
Glad to see that [NAME] no more is a fellow r/Atheist user and anti-Peterson	17
I admitted to myself that I had no other reason to think [NAME] was real. Kind of tough to stay [RELIGION], after that. 	4
You leave [NAME] the fuck alone.	2
Since it's a very unlucky case i would tell you to just have a really big amount of pacience and maybe have a date once a time	5
I don’t watch the Colts, but out of interest do they insist on making [NAME] block consistently like we did.	3
Good riddance. I'm surprised it lasted that long. [NAME] is trash.	26
Sorry for your loss 😣	25
No no no no no no no Op you’re a brave one.	0
Just be yourself lol. Some girls find awkward/goofy cute 🤷🏻‍♂️	1
Why don't Maroon 5? Regardless of the quality of the song, its been one of the most popular songs for the past 8 months	4
you don’t appreciate the good times till you go through the bad.. things will get better OP, stay strong	20
 ### A surprise, to be sure, but a welcome one 	26
That one is pretty obvious	0
Not to mention she didn't get her rightful Snatch Game win	3
YEAAAAHH!!!!YEAAAAHHH!!!!...oh, here ya go, doom-di-doom...	2
Thank you for being the voice of reason in here while people keep screaming about the Vatican's thousand-year old wall.	15
Volume-wise, you are correct. 	4
Much appreciated. It's something that has captivated my interest and I have written on a bit, so I have a reasonable working knowledge. 	0
I heard the same thing after she had made false allegations and tried to hoover me back . Its so triggering now .	3
Yeah, the big thing I'm glad is he hasn't ballooned up. 	17
But then how will I betray it?	6
Makes us wonder what its going to be like for my children's generation..	26
> i have never even dated a girl. Lol	1
Thank you! :)	15
Was my friends family... They had the wrong address, you're sick dude. 	3
I LITERALLY SAID THAT TO MY FRIEND	22
Thanks for clearing this up!	15
Don't just distance yourself, BLOCK them	2
Rip ok lol	1
Yup, it may not look like much but it’s still statistically significant. That’s really bad for something being decided by a coin toss.	10
I enjoyed watching the crazy old man being dragged out at the end.	17
Same. I felt like I haven’t found the “right” therapist. Hang in there and hug your little one tight!	9
I’d probably need up spending all of my money on food and ammo, I like having a limit	4
I think its justified because that dude freaks me out. The less money the better.	3
Bless you this post made me cry	25
Allow Ireland to become a colony of the UK, outside the EU?	6
This looks delicious, I wish I had all ingredients on hand, because I would make this tomorrow.	8
Here, here. Cheers to starting fresh!	17
Shotgun Stories (2007) doesn't have the bank robbery hook, but is about two families feuding in rural Arkansas. [NAME] is great in it.	0
Perfect example of the disgusting misuse of ‘Orwellian’ on this website	11
I am an atheist and the idea of a god makes me disgusted and angry so I prefer not to be religious	11
Very Cool.	0
Seahawks fans are very bad at just taking the L.	11
What a good pupper!	0
I gathered that part from the Boulder Barnes and Noble part. Was just curious if we were ever in the same ward.	7
Oh, okay. Thank you. I hadn't been keeping up with it.	15
of course you agree. you post in r_braincels.	4
He looked so sad when he was talking about how it feels to be getting criticised 😢.	25
I was also bullied at work. I was on lithium for a while. You're not alone.	25
I hate beer. But I'll concede the point because others like it. ;)	3
Have an interview in 11 hours and it's after 2 AM bet LETS GOOOOO	13
No at that point you’re a POS, or just have horrible taste in women lol 	1
Would be a good idea what deal labour wants.	0
I watch more Netflix on my phone than my other devices. And it looks incredibly amazing on my Samsung phone screen instead of my mediocre PC monitor.	0
Megagrindr, and I love it.	18
I'm all for finding ways of reducing gun violence but this seems to just be arbitrary and capricious.	9
lol, Cause everyone knows that you lean on the Bow. What bow skin is that?	1
Here’s a little update lol so far I’ve had 3 matches today and all of them were “cam models” lmfao	1
Sure, doesn't change it being overwrought nonsense though. 	4
O-officer what are you doing with those cuffs? <w<	7
I didn't like this, not for even one second. 	10
What are these words? I'm so confused.	6
What's even worse: the deciding voter refused to support the subway because he was strangely obsessed with a horse & buggy transit plan from 1858.	2
How often does this happen? To you and others? I'm curious.	7
The BBQ ranch and Greek are my favorites!!	0
Bro, highmountain looking sick	25
I guess but we love each other.	18
I really hope you won't have the chance to enjoy them because man, I didn't like them anything :)	10
"Was totally expecting this to end with ""and then the game crashed"" lol"	1
83% want it! Have a great weekend In solidarity, 4now	4
Gah!!! I wish you well! Also, what NERVE they have.... wow.	0
I liked it better when [NAME] was half naked	18
[NAME] I've smoked for 20 years. Really is time to quit.	22
Lol. Mod conspiracy theories. Yes they want to destroy the sub. That is their goal.	1
Nice win! Good luck on your future tournaments!	0
it's quite a large red flag. It depends on the context, but if they are in her dating league, I would be suspicious. 	9
Hey everybody we got us an optimist here.	20
So you have your twin 6'9 215 pound forwards playing different positions? Interesting gm'ing. I see why the Hornets are so terrible.	7
I loved [NAME] so much	18
Why wouldn’t the cops turn off the truck and take the keys?	7
Missed the beginning of the game, cheers or boos for [NAME]? I'm assuming cheers, but you never know in MTL	6
But come on babe, you know you want me babe...l.o.l. JK Babe ;)	18
Ooooooh I wanna try it now!	13
So I have a hobby, I'm passionate about my 2nd Amendment rights, and I dont post/comment on reddit often. Your point?	4
This doesn't even make sense!	3
Okay just thought it would be a good idea.	20
No you shouldn’t. If you recieve income, it should be taxed.	10
Time to cut him off. Or find a way to get him good help. Cause he sounds a little dangerous.	22
Sir the fuck down. This is an intervention, we need to talk.	2
a lost art	9
I actually find running harder than passing on all madden	9
"It's ironic that those who most strongly embrace TSSC and other churches are so often utterly lacking in any level of true ""faith."""	10
I hate his hoist a shit shot and throw your legs forward so you can draw a foul on the defender for crowding your landing space.	2
I used to have no problems finding them, but I’m struggling really hard now	9
I love how this sub is so sensitive. Some people just havent seen them IRL!	18
hello im bipolar 2 the fun kind	1
He must simply be known as [NAME], all the greats are known by a single name.	0
Pls end me	25
I’m not a detective, but I don’t think it was her. 	10
Being ugly and confident does not mean you'll do well in dating. You'll just try more.	20
a realization of the fact that you're not good enough and you have to work a lot harder and develop your taste?	22
Good for you! So awesome!	13
Thanks for sharing	15
I'm sorry that you're so angry.	22
And this is why this sub is the way it is.	22
[NAME] lesnar. Sorry [NAME]	24
Is there any example in History where a 'multicultural' society has succeeded to the point of them becoming a major power?	7
I don’t know but I think they at least have foil inside, I remember seeing you could hack one into an antenna.	6
Motherfu... thanks for pointing that out!	2
"""look at you... look at you..!"" Oh, I'm bawlin. "	13
I’m gonna go out on a limb and say that’s a terrible idea.	3
Δ sorry I completely forgot about these, but yeah you definitely changed my view 	24
All of their Saints are psychotic idiot who died for nothing. People remember them as horrible people in death as they were in life.	14
I can’t stand [NAME] but that was heartbreaking	25
I really want a WW1 [NAME]. It would be amazing.	1
Very true, interesting point of view. 	4
I better not screw this up..	22
Mmh, I love the smell of thought policing in the morning. 	18
I'm so glad to hear that! Good luck rebuilding yourself.	5
asking for a source is good lol	1
You're right. I totally forgot about [NAME].	4
You, I like you 	18
It’s disgusting	11
What is TMOR?	7
I regret that I have but one downvote to give.	10
I absolutely love DCfC!	18
No. EDIT: Shoutout to the fat nerd who downvoted every comment in this thread just because we don’t stan the dancing games lmao	1
I like [NAME] as a person I just don’t want to see or hear any sexy times between her and [NAME].	18
My man!! You go. That's brilliant. Brightened my day.	0
Because he's attractive. Hence [NAME] come out in droves to defend him despite the fact he's a horrid asshole.	2
Its almost as if everyone is too afraid to be politically incorrect to admit that height and race are a factor.	14
It was a great AMA too	0
He's the only legitimate jetpacker	0
You don't get to decide what is discussed in this thread. You are not in charge here.	10
Can I get this as a flair	7
25000 likes wow! I got max. 30-35 likes.	13
It’s never funny if you explain the joke smh	1
At least [NAME] got to touch UFC gold. Not many people can say the same. In good company.	0
It could also be that coupledom is the wrong way to live for OP.	10
That’s what I thought. With 4 out of the 9 still on the show, I just can’t call it accurate at all.	10
I knew a guy named [NAME]. Always wondered what his middle name was.	26
use this to make you aim better than my bad aim :)	5
Ain't that the truth. It has turned into one old big propaganda/commercial machine.	4
Hahahah that’s actually really funny no judgment here, do you friend	1
if it's harassment its a criminal charge. I haven't read the decision yet but this seems like a stretch based on what i know.	10
Funny how [NAME] only lies when you want him too,amazing.	1
That'd be fun! Meet at a bar and watch the show!	17
[NAME] is a monster, my favorite of the Pythons. Such a perfect smug face.	0
Yeah this whole thread is gross. Calling a little kid trashy or misogynistic or sexualized for liking to play dress up is just creepy and weird.	11
That's all I'm asking for :( thank you for expressing that it is a possibility, and for making me realize it should have happened...	15
I wish I'd get invited to parties...	8
Why thank you sir!	15
Man being unattractive in appearance has pretty much taken any joy out of my life	25
Just horrible. Doesnt solve any of his problem and removes his strongest tool.	10
is it a jailable offence	7
"[NAME] i love this ""no one can be THIS happy, what a horrible person he must be"""	14
I wonder how big a problem this really is and what the cops' plan is.	26
His hair looks fucking horrible 😂	11
I'm glad she made it as easy on you as possible.	15
Sounds exactly the same as GC to me?...	7
Hell yeah it did!	4
Awesome and interesting response!	0
Omg my 3yr old kept rubbing it all over his face the other day too!! 😆	26
I was shocked. They were talking earlier on the news about her losing by less than 100 being a victory, of sorts.	26
"we have a ""righty"" complaining about ""lefties"" making up BS, while they make up BS... sad."	25
"""I've made a huge mistake"" - Me, walking into this person's house."	24
Thank you ☺️	15
That’s not a fucking card?!	2
Now that's ride sharing!	13
Oh no he didn't!	10
I'm sure you're alright, [NAME]. xD	5
Lake inle is a beautiful place	0
A beautiful poem for a beautiful thing. Happy cake day btw!	17
The guy that waived a future hall of famer. Hard to get away from that decision.	25
Great. How about go fuck yourself moron, I’m making a great suggestion for a good reason despite you bitches.	0
I never had a problem with the old parachuting mechanic, but I like the new one and I think it might actually be better.	18
I am also a doctor and his legs are in fact discolored. But seriously dude go to the doctor.	5
Seeing the Reverend talk to his son like that always made me feel uncomfortable but also mad.	3
Thanks for defending your tribe.	15
This should be everyone's wish.	8
I don’t think so. The rest of her profile was completely serious. She had photos from art museums and discussed politics in her profile.	10
Ah the ol' cucked boyo. Whatever after what I've seen you won't change my mind buddy, that's for sure.	4
My husband never watches this show. Watching with me: “[NAME] is a horrible dad. He looks likes he hammered. He’s so greasy”	3
"Let me remind you that I'm 5'6"" and I still think all that thinking is ridiculous."	3
Hey, thanks! :)	15
Was expecting a horrifically broken ankle. You have posted the actually unexpected	26
Right now I'm listening to Stand By Me, I'm liking it 	17
Based on her other post she's young, pregnant and possibly homeless. Looking for help and advice.	25
I think sweaty is hilarious in the context of r/forwardsfromgrandma which is where I see it 90% of the time	1
Congratulations, you did it	0
Love it.	18
Beautiful!!	0
I see so many different worlds in this! Love it	18
[NAME] chatting with a kid while waiting to come out for the stars of the game. What a great guy.	0
Please, please, please don't do that to yourself. You'll end feeling worse when this guy leaves you. 	25
good luck getting them to understand that	20
What's worse is getting in a car that isn't yours	12
oh, so he is insane?	7
Damn didn’t know it was for a whole now that’s crazy	22
Start an initiative to take away cops guns since you feel so strongly about it	4
Still better than YouTube rewind	0
"I would say something like ""Hey I've seen you around school... You were in(class)"""	20
Oh yea [NAME] from Danganronpa 1 is great too, a cute hacker girl and one of my fave charas from the franchise! ✨	0
Ah good, now I don't have to do it.	23
Hey, better safe than sorry with spoilers. But my point stands. 	5
Am I the only one that wants to see your art?? I love calligraphy! You might have a client here!!	18
They should do it even harder now to spite you	8
Thank you - will await your PM.	15
Yeah, sorry about that. I see it in so many post I thought it was almost a custom to do so.	25
You know, I was wrong. I always assumed false dichotomy was their favorite fallacy when it's clearly strawman.	12
As an [NAME], half of [NAME] are unfortunately right	4
I really wish I could do that. The furniture is all made from my grandfather so I don't want to get rid of it. :(	20
[NAME], they deserve each other, but I don’t want this to happen because they would inevitably procreate and make stupid “boring” kids. 	10
You're the best !	0
My best guess is because the wine in his glass is purple. Whether it was a purposeful [NAME] quote or not, I dunno.	6
I agree. Could go either way.	4
glad you made the trip from a fellow austinite	17
"Little kids are the best because they're just like ""Wtf?!?!?"""""	0
well that's no creepy in the slightest	10
Oh mate! Happy days. haha. Yeah I totally thought you were starting a course of Radiotherapy haha. All good	1
...and they're gone. Didn't even get to see what they cost.	9
It’s so sad that i can play all these Zelda games on my 3DS but not my Switch. I have like 12 Zelda games on my 3DS	25
Feels good to be a Nets fan right now	17
But it'll hurt	25
>Poly people look at the numbers and just see lots of opportunities ;) I like how that's put	0
This sounds like borderline mental health issues. Scary.	14
Way to cherry pick. Remember that time that [NAME] person got lit up for like, 9 goals against or something? Man, that guy sure sucked.	3
volunteer as tribute first, we need an example that we can follow :)	4
Man I hate that [NAME] guy.	2
You aren’t mentioning the specific position and the industry. Not even in what country you are located. How can anyone offer advice?	7
Shouldn't have insulted chungus like that, if I see you in the fog you gon get facecamped	2
You okay?	5
It's all good. [NAME] was at my door 5 minutes later, and amazingly, didn't drive away between me seeing him, and walking downstairs. 	0
The left side attack of [NAME] [NAME] was woeful	25
Perfect World was my first mmorpg that I played for years. Super fond memories of the game.	0
Yay the same out of touch old people cycling thru the same positions. I can't wait to see the changes they bring/s.	13
You're right to be nervous. That happened near my college's campus when I was a student. She lost everything in her wallet.	19
Same. But the 21 point lead drew me in.......who knew you can lose by double digits leading by that much.	9
The bourgeoisie elected courts were going to backtrack on all [NAME] economic reforms. Fuck those guys.	2
nah. YOU will get it when you're about 20 years older.	10
Yea ok.	4
You should have noped out of the whole thing the moment the racist with a racist character came into the picture.	10
I love when it drops, and the beat just stops. Feels like the musical equivalent to a cliffhanger 	18
Is there proof this happened or is it just her accusation? I'm asking because we already know she's a liar.	7
Proud of my Senator today	21
Why would they lie?	6
It’s been good, made me able to function much much better. 	17
I love this reply.	18
Nothings better then 2 teams that know exactly wut happend/parents that saw the game two coaches and a ref no good lawyer needed rlly just those people to talk	3
Poor Target didn’t make enough millions during one of the most hectic Christmas seasons I recall in almost 2 decades. Gotta save that payroll though.	9
its ok i understood	4
Made my day!	17
"Bloody forking shirtballs! This has to be some kind of ""The Good Place"" / Bad Place repost robomod bullshort. "	2
I might not agree with the maduro regime, but t how can BoE justify what amounts to stealing $1.2 billion in gold from Venuzuela? 	10
I pray that you will have strenght to fight for yourself and go NC.	5
Thank you [NAME].	15
fucking seriously.	2
Thanks for the support, yeah my dad has been trying to make me feel a little better.	15
maybe dont do any drugs lol	1
I just actually listed it for trade haha. I can’t use paypal unfortunately as I’m under 18	1
Grandmas knees are burning up	25
A lovely bronze age mud hut, it's a British tradition.	0
I'm two weeks in, hope your right, I'm loving the game right now	17
Who's we? Because a lot of people on your side don't seem to want that.	6
They need more with more items because I've never been able to get same day.	9
Just subscribed! Keep strong bro focus on the end goal :)	4
Oh thanks a lot! :) Please let me know.	15
Ha, my husband goes out after you guys have done your thing and checks for himself, he's been burned too many times.	2
Why? You might be right I didn’t think of that but I’m curious to what issue that would create	7
On my first date with my now wife, who is an MD, she said she was intimidated by me. I think it was the suit though!	22
Yeah but FGM is basically like cutting off the head of the penis entirely. I'm uncut myself but I get why people do it	2
oh! I have more ships this time! Niice!	17
"LOL at one of [NAME] favorite activities being ""observing people""...including [NAME]! "	1
So...you can link those then right?	7
I have no idea. I always imagined it was purely retail workers that browsed and posted here, but I might be wrong in this instance.	6
You've sparked my interest and made some solid points. I think i'll make some calls and reconsider. Thank you!	15
Looks like she admires [NAME]. Its just drag.	0
Don't feel bad! Hopefully they both run.. their delegates should go to whoever gets more votes in the end.	20
I applaud both of you for taking whatever action you can to make this succeed. Sorry I couldn’t offer any advice. Good luck.	24
This is going to be a disaster	11
Fear - that's it. You need to work on identifying and overcoming your fears.	5
Since when can a family member drive against other familymembers because you both own it? That would go horrible if that argument was valid! What the hell!	2
Or you just get rejected and then not murdered and your anxiety worsens until you can no longer approach women or even men.	25
[NAME], are you a real person? Thanks for proving his point about how uneducated you are. 	15
I'm seeing similar on Android, chrome browser. Other than that, great stuff!	0
More like [NAME] stalker,lol.	1
You should’ve baked it in the oven, huge difference in quality. One of my favorite lonely Friday night Netflix meals.	22
u/dances-with-corgis Says they'll never forget their username. Literally forgot their username. Sorry, but: 😂😂😂😂, that's some [NAME] level tiny mess up.	1
Obviously. Just like men are not raping or beating their wives. Rapists and wife beaters are. Thanks for playing.	15
You're really just having a field day today huh?	7
I was getting arrested and my dog run away from home like a bullet	25
Thank [NAME] can we need more guys healthy	15
I CANTTTT😭😭😭. That's as bad as you said, it will get better friend. r/oldpeoplereddit.	10
I actually really like these, my little sister would be in love with these! 	18
Redpill is a modern name for an old sentiment. And anyways Matrix came out 20 years ago.	22
[NAME]: I just want them to get things going. [NAME]: This is the competition!	8
Well, you know what happened the first time he came down...	7
Correct. I just enjoy debating them.	17
Well then take my upvote my sub soulmate. lol	4
[NAME] fucking [NAME], that man is enormous.	26
Short answer, fuck no, don't ever fall for it. Don't make the same mistake Canada has.	2
Yeah I’m going to need to see more of him.😍, thank you 	15
Seriously?! These [NAME] have no common decency or respect for others suffering!	3
Do you think each worker looks after only one child?	7
Damn, I need to find this trade school which lets you make your personal animals	2
I had hot dogs. They were delicious, lol!	0
The concept, design and artwork are gorgeous. I would love to buy this skin if it was available in game. 	0
Dang if that was actually what happened that does kind of suck. Thanks op!	15
That makes perfect sense! Thank you for explaining in a way that doesn't try to make me feel stupid for not knowing the answer.	15
It's 538 what did you expect?	7
Lol this fan base has the memory of a goldfish.	1
I'll give you that. Society is generally in a decline. I don't date men so I can't speak to that.	9
">""Fuck it Im on my way out anyway"" ""Fuck it Im on my way out to Seattle"""	2
You and your lovable band of losers have already lost!	25
As someone who has been in a similar relationship, it is indeed emotional abuse.	25
I reported an old man for terrible driving and the police actually took it seriously (pleasantly surprised). It's worth a try!	26
The pink hats in here will tell us something different but we know the truth. Thanks for the comment	15
Honestly, State and Revolution is what made me ananarchist.	22
I was really hoping this was real like	20
Don't stay too long or you might go Nakamoto : P	5
After all that i expected it to not look terrible. Oh well.	14
Or at least a couple more visits to the booth. I enjoyed hearing him adding to the banter.	17
What a buttnoodle. Glad that “their” cat has a new family and that takes care of them. Thanks for sharing!	15
Then much of the advice here is terrible because it congratulates him on doing the entirely wrong thing.	10
Go to highschool with the guys I went with. You'll get the hang of it in no time..	4
Was he rejected because of his methodology or because of the content of his studies?	6
"To the rest of the world, I would like to say, ""Sorry."""	24
I feel like [NAME] would have laughed at it though. It was a one-liner. I thought it was funny.	1
I need to know the backstory on this!	8
Why not both? It would reduce crime. Significantly	7
I'm sorry but data and facts are more important than the emotional experience of having lived through something.	24
> I can give you a mouthful... Kinky.. Lol	1
Sounds like fun, actually?	6
Did you know that [NAME] got shot in the head while shooting AND HE KEPT ACTING	0
Oh my [NAME] do you value 'freedom' over safety?!	7
I feel bad for him and [NAME] i hate seeing the OGs fall #UNITEGAMING	25
Biggest Welfare Queen in the world!	0
Id rather do the highlights again just not a full match.	22
We love you [NAME]	18
But this is a 1v1 game with a couple thousand people playing right. There had to be a better match.	9
It didnt last long sadly	25
I'm starting to wonder if these are satire... They're too hilarious to be actual conservative memes.	1
Gone but not forgotten. You will be missed, you will be forever loved.	18
This is something I try to do every day and it makes me feel so at peace	17
Man, this just gets funnier even after seeing it for the 30th time in the last month! /s	1
YouTube is also fantastic for this stuff too.	0
Easy: he’s completely unrepresentative of Colorado and really bad at his job.	9
Great deal! It will be my loss if I decline.	0
[NAME] helped by hosting with her 12k? viewers from the drop event. But yeah, overall the viewership has increased in general. Which is great news.	0
That's really interesting! I've seen that happen before too	26
good to hear! I'm just gonna buy it when i'm done with my second playthrough so that i can judge Andromeda for myself	4
Maybe it's as dangerous for [NAME] to whip people up talking about treason and betrayal and all that as it is when [NAME] do it. Fancy that.	14
I love the title of it - “Everything Is Going to Be Okay”	18
Could you point to a specific policy of [NAME] that was to the left of [NAME] on race please?	7
I'll check that out. Thank you!!	15
yeah, i believe thats the only moving part in the whole device.	20
Ah cool, i heard more or less the same story but in Newcastle. 	4
lmao I didn't realize that error.	1
My thoughts exactly. Love me some malicious compliance.	4
Don’t even really know what you mean.	6
Fock I cant breathe.	3
[NAME] is one of my favorite non dodger players, he’d make a great addition to the dodgers, hope they push for him 	0
High five to that shit. We have 2 littles.....we are also exhausted lol	1
I was browsing the site and just figured r/Browns would do the trick...NOPE!	10
I liked the Celtics until I started following barstool.	18
I pray this changes.	5
Such a sad way to think of life all because these people believe there's something greater than this.	25
How are they gatekeeping here? There's zero claims being made. They're just standing by a sign.	7
[NAME] is my fav skater of all time he's sick	0
Enough in every catagory to be both respected by my peers and have respect for myself.	21
I know that, but it just reminds me of darkest dungeon too	22
Umm how about “Sorry I tried to kidnap our son.” He could start there.	3
Woah so [NAME] was finally unhappy with the team? I sense a lineup shuffle coming	7
Yo you USA? I’m on pc and want some people to play bo3 with.	8
I'm with you - I feel no connection....	3
how the absolute fuck did black panther get nominated for best picture? its marvel action schlock at its worst. blackkklansman on the other hand is a great movie	0
The only problem with this plan is that [NAME] won’t survive that long, lol	1
No way would I give up Albies even in a 1 for 1 scenario.	10
I. AM. AWARE. That doesn't make it cool and good for him to race bait.	3
i’d put forth that lots of people ACTIVELY DISLIKE dating and like being in relationships, so this wouldn’t help at all 	10
You really should not group people with ones you have had bad experiences it will not help you grow	10
It’s not significant enough to be a bad move lol. It’s a push. Spalding is nothing	1
I feel a lil dumb now, but not as dumb as the idea to switch those subreddits	3
I was booing loud, so were a lotta others. That muthafuckah	10
That’s impressive. I haven’t picked up a book in over a year.	0
I will go back to actually read the piece in its entirely but wow. Her gray is so pretty. I’m jealous	0
They were not [NAME] and they don't know the identity of them !	10
Damn. Your bed must stink	11
These Red Dead Redemption graphics are amazing	0
What a rollercoaster	13
I’m pretty sure someone once said the name [NAME] and the word pig appear the same number of times as well... how would u respond.	7
Why shouldn't you	7
Insurance covers stupidity, so maybe they'd cover it? 	3
Mom.......MOTHERFUCKING CRACK	2
I hate how much I love these and the Banquet brownies. Only redeeming part.	18
I remember that! She crashed and they asked her to leave lol. That was one of my fav moments.	1
Cheese Most of my friends love cheese so much that I’m scared to tell them that I can barely even bring myself to eat it	14
So I suppose they’re more like the flying monkeys than the wicked witch?	3
Dude it’s my dream to go to Australia on vacation	20
The 2nd worst president. First time i voted. Been trying to live it down ever since	11
Freaky, more like creepy	14
[NAME]* that would have been sliiiiick	0
I wish I didn't know that...😔	8
How else can you boil water in prison	6
People’s shame and cultural oppressions regarding sexual behavior is responsible for all the world’s woes.	3
The irony of you guys using an American website created because of capitalism is funny	1
7am. I’ll be done at 3pm. I’d love that	18
I like that we get to see how varied artists are.	18
[NAME] has to use a gun to defend himself after multiple robberies and an attempted rape...	5
Thanks for the reply. They are saying the engine issue is in cold weather. I live in NY. Does it get cold where you live?	15
Drink the kool-aid! Lol	1
Yes you should tell them and report him to the police for dating someone underage and giving her cigarettes.	3
Yeah, that makes sense, too. (Did it. Once. When I was like 16)	4
How often are parents like that? I’m legit curious.	7
Oh you just love to see that	18
Wow, I drive full time Uber and I thought there was something wrong with my eyes in the rain. Do other people struggle to see the Lines?	6
Just out of curiousity, how does 4:3 stretched look on a 21:9 monitor	7
"I laughed at this post. Not because I find your pain amusing, but your casual use of the word ""boner"" kinda ruined the serious tone."	22
Wolf spiders are crazy too. Plus they carry all their babies on them!	0
I gagged at unwashed zebra hoodie.	11
Wow I got a virus from just looking at this post	26
Animal Crossing made my wife into a vicious and abusive murderer.	25
"""Have you seen my ex girlfriend?!"" on KFC radio was the cringiest thing i've ever heard"	7
She reminds me if [NAME]. Half haked pictures with vague sayings. Ugh	11
Ahhh, my birthday month. I must go.. 	13
Oof lmao sorry buddy	25
I would have to imagine this girl has just been training super hard for the past few weeks.	0
This isn’t unpopular. Like 1 in 15 people actually think this... go say this shit in another sub	10
You seem like a well adjusted individual	0
Thanks for catching that. Fixed.	15
Super helpful. Thanks!	15
Yeah I'm actually pretty surprised that's not a thing yet, there's gotta be a lot of people working on it. 	26
Wow must be a good market. Could maybe hit up to $150 a day	0
I'm sorry to tell you this but your mate probably touches children too. That's the only logical conclusion I can come to here.	24
I like how bro is just underlined for no reason	0
Genuinely laughed really hard	1
I wonder if that child puts it on his resume.	26
You serious?	6
Oh fuck off. Soooo...... when is [NAME] and the gang going to un mask [NAME] as President [NAME]?	2
No wonder RemindMeBot defaulted to one day :P	1
Don't use gay as an insult.	10
[NAME] what the hell is going on at hq	2
Yep, famous German basketball player. 7’ tall. 	4
This was the scene that hooked me on the show.	0
Would you start by cutting all education or by cutting all healthcare?	7
It looks really pretty :D!	0
This same problem exists in playground as well.	4
One of the comments on that video: “Cat: I’ve waited far too long.” Hahaha	1
.250/.330/.460 imo. And for a team who has had no 1B since Tex, this is more than fine. 	4
Sorry you feel that way	5
"Im not saying it wont be self titled, I could totally see that. What just asking how he knew it was ""fact"""	4
You’re as cool as a hand-job on a honeymoon. Go draw some anime and cry yourself to sleep.	0
Haha, no. But probably just because I hadn't thought to do it.	1
Yep.... Have fun	17
what are you scared of!	14
Spa's Absolutely love a spa. A proper one with a variety of sauna/steam rooms etc. It helps that they're usually full of women too.	18
You finna be nauseous as hell man, Dont stress it though just throw up	3
Fucking Instagram normies	2
Came on her face and she told you? Wow disrespect. Either she didn't know how you really felt or didn't care. Sorry about your luck	24
This is what you get for starring in a mediocre movie	22
If he was from a free pack he's not sellable, sorry	24
i see, thanks bro	15
My mom likes to use the word, “tripolar” for me and it’s aggravating. 	3
That's what I was talking about. Eat one meal, then hibernate until you're so hungry you gotta eat again.	5
Qwertyuiop makes for a great snack though	0
You are BOTH awful people.	11
You might want to look into therapy	5
Thank you. It's great that I can come here and have lovely people like you help me to not feel so alone.	15
I've been watching him rant about it on twitter the past few days. I'm curious what his opinion on the game is outside the minigames.	7
We can't let the 8 year olds who are playing an M rated game see all of this bad language!!	10
I’m sorry about your friend.	25
Edit 2, holy shit this is great. But be cautious 	0
Good lad!	0
Should you choose to have kids, you're going to make a good parent one day.	0
If the ps5 ends up having ps3 backwards compatibility I'll come back to this post to taunt you.	1
That's not even the sub I put. Bad bot.	10
Look at downvote_me_moreYOLO's posting history. Looks like a UofT student from the GTA. Judge the source and throttle your anger accordingly.	3
You can thank the Volkswagen diesel scandal for this...that plate was	3
And he be like - great and you? I'm like Great. And the conversation ends lol :-)	1
She's immortal now. Spread throughout the internet...shared by hapless idiots.	3
I'd be happy for them to take a shot at him, I think he's an excellent player and only getting better.	0
Yeah, I mean we’re all just in their wake over here. I’m humbled.	15
I wish ours was like that.	8
I like you [NAME] :)	18
You're so talented OP. I like your sense of humor. But it hurts too cuz too real :(	0
I'm really appreciate someone saying this.	0
It’s okay, my mom has always hated me and I’m fine.	25
to 6:30. Does that look fake to you?	7
Well I'm glad I decided to go to McD's instead of doing those lines!	17
Find like-minded people you can have meaningful conversations with. Everything else I consider a waste of my spare time.	10
One of my all-time favorite bands, and one of the best live acts you'll ever see!	0
[NAME], we have a guy with a bucket on his head and you have pornstars. I’m glad I live on this side of the Atlantic 	23
I will definitely check that artist out, if there is something that can lift me up a little bit, it's new music. 	4
Could you imagine the outrage if Canada rescued one of our citizens from the Saudi courts	7
I'm sorry. Now my entire bad pun looks even worse than it did when I started.	11
In the first game, definitely, but they're more even in 2/3. 	4
As quick as possible? I wish. 2 hours and 9 minutes I will never get back	8
is it bad that i agree with this	4
seemed so anti [NAME] / classless, especially as [NAME] has kept his mouth shut.	3
Seize all his property and assets. Redistribute to homeless and single mothers/fathers. He loves food banks, let him use them. 	18
I would love that, I kind of miss him	18
Six shots on goal for [NAME] and still nothing. This breaks my heart.	9
I’m wondering about those friends of hers that encouraged her to contact you..	26
This makes me so happy for you ♥️ I am glad you are getting the right kind of support you need!	17
Yepp. I've struggled to hold a job so I'd be in trouble without it.	14
We always look so hot headed at road 😞	3
Now I really hope he spends a few days meditating on music and then gets back to us on his insights regarding Giant Steps by [NAME].	20
If you'd like to suggest an alternative non-inflammatory metaphor for something that implies racism, I'm happy to consider it. 	4
Any advice on if I should keep trying to start up some text conversations or just forget about that stuff for now	6
Oh I didn't know. Please give me his P.O. Box address so I can submit them immediately. Cause I am definitely uninterested in blowing out my intestines.	4
Idk what's so unrealistic about it. [NAME] is probably just as close to [NAME] as [NAME] and [NAME] are.	6
I was skeptical about it being huge but damn..	11
That’s pretty awesome :)	0
Ok I get that, like I said, different morals for different people. I was just curious how you got gender issues out of that	7
No problem! I’m glad we can help. Hope it goes well	20
That and customizable CSS makes me so happy. /r/Firefoxcss if you’re interested : )	17
Lived this, it didn’t workout for me. Good luck on that one, I’d never do it again.	20
oh shit u meant the actual post... yeh i live in china this all we got😂😂	9
Well why did you respond to me rather than starting your own comment thread?	7
Valid. That shit right there is valid as hell.	4
39 conveniently isn’t 40. :/ I’d drop him but take a look at his drivers license first just to settle my curiosity.	7
"I just want to shake her by her shoulders and be like ""*Why are you like this?!*"""	3
I got a weird vibe when he was placed on Colliton's staff, so I'm really glad it's turned out the way it did. 	17
That definitely makes him a terrorist.	20
That would be awesome	13
We should sign him to a 4.5AAV contract now that he has already proved himself as an elite starter in the NHL.	8
If you find it I'm definitely sending it to my sibling. There's a special love for the weird in my family	18
No. Can’t get off to my own sex.	10
I often send my female friends Love poems. Oh wait, no, no I don't, because that is super weird. 	12
Lmao. Idk why this made me laugh out loud so hard. Ig cause it’s actually true lol.	1
Umm Hmmm. Too bad [NAME] can't be reached via Ouija Board. People really need his help.	9
I use Lifesum too. I like the look of it more and I haven’t had any issues with it not working.	18
I love doxies. They're absolutely the best most pain in the ass wonderful loyal dogs.	18
Recover well. (Argh, my english is too terrible 🇲🇫)	5
People are idiots....sheep don't magically become independent thinkers just because their food source changes	3
I just love the fact that [NAME] is giving advice on Sex offenders	18
I have. Take care	5
"With a username like SomeMormonAsshooe, maybe it means ""convert."" So does the neighbor's wife *really* want to become a [NAME]?"	7
Sorry, sometimes I really can't tell in here. 	24
Yes, that was indeed the joke, I’m glad you got it ;)	17
Same here. Waiting for the doctor rn. Hope you're ok	5
He had a dark haired mother and white-blonde haired dad. He's got his mom's looks. That's it.	4
Access should be hindered it's getting destroyed.	3
You mean the best.	6
Ugh can you imagine marrying into one of these families?	7
Did he mention what you guys would do?	6
What if she’s also the franchise owner who likes to get to know her customers better?	7
Thank you! My Bravo blog is	15
CBD dog treats. They’ve worked wonders for my dog when it comes to fireworks.	0
I honestly don’t know who’s out there that’s better for [NAME]	6
Pretty torn about this post. Glad you made a friend but it sounds like you’re encouraging her habits and it’s not cool.	15
It’s because he so consistently lies and states mistruths. Why keep listening to a dishonest idiot?	3
Well now I have [NAME] in my head for the morning! Love a bit of Northern soul.	18
Scary times we live in.	14
I honestly have no idea what [NAME] offers Genuinely don't rate him	10
me too thanks	15
Hey guys, thanks for tuning in to another video on	15
Seems full of himself, but he also seems like an ok dude.	4
I don't.	10
an obvious joke	1
Work on the pitching, that was a weakness of the team last season.	9
Oh please lol	1
This sounds like a toxic relationship for the both of you. Seems miserable... I’d hate to be in that relationship	2
Love me some FA cup	18
“I hate rich people” - people using website made by rich person on a device made by a rich person.	2
Fingers crossed. Its the chosen people and not the choice people for a reason.	20
Ah, maybe the YouTube sound or phone sound. I don't know if it can tell when I turn off my desktop speakers	6
That opening is quite terrible tbh	14
Thank you [NAME]!	15
"I absolutely love that idea ""BuT a CoP tOlD mE"""	18
"No. I'm against the idea that one can ""liberate"" farm animals in the same way we can liberate human societies."	10
Thank you for that link, ended up finally having a nice quote to make as a flair	15
Listen to yourself. What other things do u want to shove down the throats of others in the name of tolerance and humanity? [NAME].	7
*I love pressure. I eat it for breakfast.*	18
Happy New Year	13
Oh no! That’s my favorite! Nothing like losing an organ to get you to eat healthier.	26
You're a legend.	0
Why would you need to take his phone or car? He can get a job or move out.	6
I love the claps after he fell 🤣	18
Wow, i never really understood how bad the star wars perecuelse really are till this moment.	26
TLDR; we get many drizzle days and our summers are amazing.	0
I mean it makes sense, they're into [NAME] because they totally dig the horribly socially stunted types so they love [NAME] for horribly traumatizing her.	14
You’re a joke	1
But now we're stressed out.	19
Lmao we really tried that again	1
Heck, you're one cool dude, guy. 	0
It's both we only have like 5 good players and two of them are just a rookie and a sophomore	0
Never listen to songs with someone you love. Just don't. Trust me.	10
I live in Shanghai and order directly from a plantation in Yunnan espresso roasts for home consumption. Absolutely fantastic.	0
But all this does is hurt the average person not the right way to raise money.	25
No problem People repost and don’t credit, so it’s a necessary evil Thanks for the feedback	15
!!!!! Best girl	0
What was that, I couldn't hear you over my easy to clean cookware! 	6
Our village prosecutor actually made that joke when the judge couldn't read my ticket.	1
Sorry, I just got to give you an extra upvote for 'twat waffle'. It really sums it up marvellously. 	24
Just wondering why they called the cops but not an ambulance seeing as how he was covered in blood and disoriented.	26
That would...hurt	3
You're going to be pissed.	3
lool ok I laughed pretty hard at this.	1
Thanks for posting.	15
Is that [NAME]?	7
I chopped it up a little for you. I hope that helps. I'm not sure I can make that much more concise.	20
“That ad is an over-generalization!” “Most men feel this way and agree with me!” Hm. 🤔	4
It's very rare that I have literally no idea who a player is, but here's one.	6
Totally. I didn’t even realize it was my dream until it happened.	22
You don't even provide a verifiable example, why should I accept your evidence.	10
What a great haircut	0
[NAME] royally fucked up that last rotation. Also did [NAME] even get a single kill with their specialists ?	2
I have several questions.	6
Been getting this same feeling these days.. idk what it is I just have no drive anymore maybe once the cwl comes back it’ll help	9
Real nice, swearing up a storm right in front of your kids.	0
My [NAME] accuses me of cheating all the time too when I’ve been nothing but loyal. Makes me wonder if she was cheating on me too...	25
Not sure what carrier you have but TMobile has a pretty damn good scam call blocker included in their plans.	0
Im glad [NAME] was there for us	15
bro if you can't hold your pee for 30 min, you should go see a doctor	5
It’s like you guys actually **want** a dictator.	3
Is there any attempt to use non-tainted symbol and to steer a non-hateful discourse in order to represent their pride?	7
Thank you! It will help a lot	15
this is cute	0
I figured, just thought I’d throw it out there. Love you :)	18
Perfect dynamite moment. Rank up those buckles.	0
Looks like modern art tbh but its good	15
Destroyed property is the same as lynching someone for their race.	4
Not the fact that it's a terrible comparison?	11
Great idea to brag about workplace violation on Facebook!	0
You just brushed off the entirety of his video and reverted back to the original argument.	4
That DJ Wilson Pass was a thing of beauty. So unselfish and skillfully done.	0
Somehow this hurt more than the Saturday game.	9
I see you're a man of culture as well. But realistically this will never happen because... Disney :/	22
I loved how proud [NAME] looked	18
Don’t think there is a single person that thinks he overreacted there	10
Like thanks for your valuable input?	15
Lighten up buddy.	5
>a water molecule spends around 600 years in Lake Superior. I guess it takes a while lol	1
LOL! You're fucked.	1
I'm thinking he ment [NAME] but he's still a karma stealing whore.	2
"I really love how he just flung out ""dead mum"" on the offhand chance your mum was actually dead. High risk, high reward."	0
Oh well... I'll like both of you.	17
did he just hecking kill [NAME]	6
Wow, ouch... 	26
other than the fact that she's totally korean you mean?	7
"!remindme 4 days ""Stupid Entitled Parent, sunglasses"""	3
Protecting the border is self-defense. It's not really a selfish thing to do.	22
Ah, the movies are fine. It's pretending they're a profoundly trascendental form of art that I find ludicrously funny.	1
Sorry man, it's not gonna happen. The music needs to be remastered for vinyl specifically and that's more than your budget.	10
It’s still undeniably them though. Drawn in the foreground in somewhat true color to make sure it’s a clear homage.	4
Hate the taste, switched to a plastic nalgene bottle	2
Thank you! Ill sign up as soon as its working! I checked it a few min ago and its still giving the error.	15
Have fun in the farmer's league.	17
Poor kitty. All you can do is give her extra treats, playtime and cuddles. 	25
I saved up for a top hat recently and it turns out not to fit as I have a large skull. Thanks for your kind words.	15
Always look to the odd years brother.	5
if your paraphilia is public facing at any point in your life I think it's reasonable to assert that there's something wrong	4
So sorry for your loss! I lost my cat 6 years ago in 2021 due to terminal autism. 😭😭	25
well you done did it lol	1
saved... i'll enjoy this video	17
I have one crazy as hell three year old boy.	3
It's a god awful feeling. It's changed me a little, but time heals wounds.	3
😅 sorry. Lol	1
But who is filming him?	7
How is that sarcasm lol just feels like you’re backpedaling	1
Provided you didn’t break any of their rules, you should email OKC support.	4
Not guarantee. Only increased risk with time.	10
This is probabaly going to be an unpopular opinion but I definitely think all police cars should be clearly marked, unless they're part of an undercover operation.	10
Is there any way you and your partner could borrow more money for college and live on/near campus?	6
Unfriend this kid in all ways possible. Sucks for both of you, but this could be much worse. 	2
Makes sense, I don’t think I called out to them ever. Thanks. 	15
Pay this man	3
[NAME] is great	0
I don't think eating 4 eggs at a time is going to clog your arteries, unless you do it like 6 times a day	10
Thank you so much. Thank you, thank you. 	15
You’re truly welcome :)	15
He is good! Funny thing is, a lot of the religious dogmatics in his videos remind me of certain IT posters.	1
I will be surprised if this actually has an impact. Just a few statements about the importance of the commitment to defeat ISIS and the withdrawal will continue.	26
[NAME] was pretty cool on The Challenge so I would love to see him on CBB.	18
How sad that you think because [NAME] wants something we should no longer want it. Grow up you child. Life does not revolve around you or [NAME].	25
lol instead of getting blocked he deleted his account and called us all soulless and depraved.	1
I'm so racist and self important I refuse to braid this girls hair	10
I’m not sure you watched it.	6
"she said (i swear to [NAME]) her doctors told her she wasnt bipolar and has ""anxiety caused by other people"" "	13
What did we do to deserve [NAME]? Loved that guy since his buff days	18
I can't believe people voted us to beat Sydney. I've become extremely optimistic over the past few months and even i voted Sydney.	26
wow, you guys have a body language now?	26
Wow - never seen negative karma before I clicked on your name lol.	26
Unfortunately, on that we can agree.	4
I really hope your marriage is healed and can become stronger than ever.	20
My drunk gf found each sentence of this joke funnier than the last and is now covered in toothpaste	1
Wasn't me I'm the defensive [NAME]. But trust me we were all equally confused, and delighted.	10
What prompted you to change? Just curious. She does have a tinge of perfectionism.	7
That’s depressing	25
She’s my girl crush	18
You don't get it, do you? There has already been a 51% attack attempt at BCH and the attackers lost. 	7
Nope, don’t even know what dart is. Sorry. And thanks!	15
How do you feel that other drivers know your next move?	7
Watched it last night and as someone not generally into supernatural horror/thriller type stuff, I thought it was pretty damn enjoyable. 	17
N00b account tosses insults - how surprising.	26
I’m not crying.. You’re crying!	25
A lot of the tik tok meme songs actually😂. They really make me laugh and hyped at the same time haha!	1
Wow! Good for her! I’m so glad she was able to see through the bullshit!	0
Gentile is a perfectly fine term (not as coopted ironically by the white supremacists). Do you disagree?	7
If the goal of this show is to consistently find people with horribly annoying voices, I have to say the producers are spot on. 	3
I didn’t say for how long I’d been in it. :) Maybe it was made of ply board and garbage!	17
I need help with corsets but otherwise would be mortified to need help for every day clothes.	8
It’s perfect!	0
i ended up crying and breaking down once i got to my friends house, i'm so sorry that happened to you as well :~( 	25
[NAME] that bottom picture. the brows mixed with the hair terrify me 😰	14
oh, that's cool! Well, i'll say that the budget for this one definitely shows!	0
Good luck. :)	20
This sub is a fucking joke now	3
Wow! You must have pretty low standards for teachers in your state/school! I guess that's why Massachusetts is always first for education.	0
More along the lines of “I could stick that vein with my eyes closed and one hand tied behind my back” lol	1
I love how he said he was moving on and then didn't move on. Classic [NAME]!!	18
The value of the knowledge from the books you could buy is priceless!	4
what a great idea.. i suggest they use it to insulate all the homes of the [NAME] administration and of [NAME]!!	0
So you lucky you won as you work illegal teach. Glad you leave.	17
This thread is one of worst things I've ever read	11
Thanks guys for the explanation, didn't know that!!	15
Yep! It's still busy. Slightly less crowded but still fun!	1
They're demonized because they're annoying.	3
Which Ottawa should have done with him 2 seasons ago.	22
Yayyy!!! Go little green bean go!!! Good job trainer!!	0
I’m sorry to hear this. Unfortunately online dating is trying to find the bits of gold in a pile of pyrite	24
It isn't complicated at all. You are growing up. Congrats.	15
Probably just do the job and try to work out your anxiety rather than taking the path of least resistance which offers no character growth. Best of luck	20
Is your PC beefy? It looks like Battlefield god damn	3
How so? How do you keep stupid people from voting?	2
Look at their post history, they're just spouting nonsense to get a rise out of people. Dont be the guy that falls for it, its embarassing	12
But the seriousness makes it funnier. YES HELLO 311? SOMEONE IS WRONG ON THE INTERNET.	1
Ah yes. I remember we began with three.	22
Can confirm, I have 2 (but be careful as you may still be allergic to their saliva)	5
Exactly. How that woman has survived two no confidence votes amazes me.	26
It worries me that there are people that miss the meaning of a subject by so much. Your critical thinking skills sadden me.	25
Yeah I love my friends and my own cats on drugs. They're the perfect buddies. I love being with them when I'm tripping.	18
Is she dead? She looks dead...	6
Congratulations fellow lobster!!	17
This article was written so poorly that it's hard to take seriously. It's like a stream of consciousness with very little to actually say	3
Yeah you’re right, I’m not fit for the position! Thank you for giving me the right words to say. 	15
Im having a lot of fun, please continue the show	4
But...but...I just bought a new gun in Fallout '76.....and America is the centre of the universe!! :'(	25
Nice catch.	0
Me too! First time in a couple of years!	4
Um, no, it wouldn't be days before anyone looked for a missing kid. Hours maybe. Not days.	10
I am so so happy for you. <3	17
Lol I know, gross right? I'm hate watching the tell all again right now haha	3
Block him and stop replying to his comments. Not worth it.	2
Oh [NAME] what happened?? A water main break up there😂	7
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.	26
Lmao good man	0
Would u rather the food go into the bin or be eaten by birds?	6
Do you have to inject insulin into your veins? I'm assuming yes but I've never seen anyone do it.	6
That's some good stuff! What did you think about [NAME]?	7
i can't believe i havent seen this before. well i was going to watch nosferatu tonight but change of plan	26
sorry. I don't want to put words in your mouth.	25
I've not- I'll have to put it on my watchlist.	8
So happy to see [NAME] regaining his form... we had to sacrifice [NAME] for it, but i’m okay with that...	17
I am so sorry for your loss and all the stress you have right now. All the internet hugs you want right now! <3	24
How do we do handle the venom, and marvel is all metaphors-avi [NAME] 	6
No, not sarcastically :) 	10
I like you both.	18
Suppressing anger is a horrible idea. You want to dissipate it in some healthy way, not bottle it up.	4
What makes you think any of it is hoarded? It’s likely to be near 100% invested.	7
If you’re you and comfortable, you go, girl. 	4
Your ideas are intriguing to me and I wish to subscribe to your newsletter.	8
I'm glad you can relate. I'm glad in a really alienated, empty way. But glad, still. Probably.	17
I’m picking up my fourth one tomorrow. CZ Scorpion Evo 3 .... and I’m stoked	13
Yepp, plenty of people like a nice big bush! I literally have no preference and think both are totally sexy. 	0
Aquaria just lost her shit when the Cup Toss challenge went awry	25
Uh, no. Not even remotely.	10
Future MILs love LOVE love getting on Reddit though.	18
Or take FETO, most of those purged probably never did a single wrong thing in their life What?	7
not to worry, I'm on the case.	5
"Super petty. The story makes you sound pretty jealous and controlling, as well. Especially the ""SJW"" line... It sounds like a 16-year-old incel. "	0
Yeah that happens t	22
Oh for fuck sake. Things were going so well on the coaching front. This dude is nothing but a suck up	3
I can’t tell you how much I appreciate it. <3 Thank you.	15
I find it boring and, at times, incredibly annoying in all of the games. It completely lost its appeal somewhere around Black Flag.	3
Oh yeah, I forgot about the mean one.	22
Not so sure. I have a decent body but until I took the time to focus on my posture I was slouching.	6
Where are the frozen pie crusts? Can you call someone on that (handheld)? Can you get me a fish?	7
yep. And there are jobs I still would want done, they just shouldn't be government	10
Yes, I dont trust people very much so I tend to push them away, and I feel like I dont have enough energy to keep up with people 	3
What a legend. True spidey meme master	0
It makes me uncomfortable for anyone to force physical affection on anybody, it doesn’t matter the age. 	3
mmmmm.... love me some kapusta with some bacon bits	18
Not surprising.	9
Me too 💕	4
As a non-religious that’s fascinated by [RELIGION], I love this 😅.	18
The classic artifact player response to criticism: you just dont understand it loool	1
No we're getting Kinsler and be happy with it	17
We're worse to animals than we were 100 years ago, js.	11
“What a bummer. He ded. I look at sky. Maybe bird make me happy.”	17
Great news. Maybe they will be shut down.	0
Hey [NAME], just wanted to say thanks for coming to Minnesota, that’s all :) 	15
I know North America is a big place but I wonder what it will take to see similar crowds in cities over here.	26
[NAME] from ZoE and [NAME] from TTGL. Actually fuck all that [NAME] from The Big O is where it's at.	2
I hate roundabouts. For some reason road designers have a fetish for them as more and more are popping up. For cyclist they are rings of death	2
And then the oligarchs in charge will be forced to say how they really feel about America... this bizarre logic has very interesting potential.	0
Well that sucks	3
Crazy how before the offseason everyone was talking 350-400 mill deals for [NAME] and [NAME] as if that was all but inevitable	26
Good thing I don't watch porn lol	0
Man, my USDA loan took months to process even when the govt wasn’t shut down. 	3
Wow. That'll teach you to try and help!	13
Haha, I feel that	1
How am I arguing? I thought it was pretty clear I'm asking how something works in what I presume is a different county.	6
I used to build a ramp and jump over other kids on my bike ala [NAME]... I was amazed at the time.	26
This is awesome. What did they play?	0
[NAME] has shot the three well the past few games. great to see	0
The main reason I left is a hidden mmr used to influence matchmaking in a mode that requires a paid entry. That's disgusting	11
reminds me of Far Cry 5	22
As someone who went through school before the internet existed, yes, weird creepy kids existed. Although it was more in your face. 	11
I'm with the photo guy. It would be an awful feeling to watch your date flirt with some other dude ON YOUR DATE.	3
Have faith, I'm sure there is enough fan support for more popular characters to be brought back. 	5
I’m sure [NAME] was thinking this when he told his daughter that she stunk like a toilet on his deathbed.	4
This is cute.	0
Why slum it if they’re giving you actual cost?	10
Wow does that really work? I've never heard of anyone doing that before.	7
That moment is always noted in YouTube video comments!	22
Nice, thanks!!	15
You first! Make it more interesting than this!	7
If i remember I drank the rest of the liquor my friends and I were sharing then blacked out	22
I take showers at night and I desperately need one atm. My hair has been really greasy recently.	8
Wow [NAME] went cold... can’t wait to see [NAME] find out why!	13
[NAME], but I’m not sure he is gonna be a piston for a long time.	6
Am yisrael chai is a phrase we should never take for granted.	4
Oh my bad, i didn't know, thanks for telling me!	15
These comments are in stark contrast to the more level-headed ones in r/news. Wonder why?	7
Sorry, I misread	24
I always compared him to [NAME].	4
Danggit. Im mad i didn't think of that	3
Since I was a kid I knew I preferred funny, smart, interesting girls to conventionally attractive ones. Really tore me up the feeling wasn't mutual.	25
New flavour! I love it!	18
Wow. That is shockingly uncool.	26
I like [NAME] but he's got bizarre mechanics on his jumper and no arc.	18
Proof of [NAME] love for mankind, beer and dogs. Love both and abuse neither.	18
I would have preferred that. But he wanted the big party, which admittedly, was super fun. 	1
Yeah, turns out there are some SNEAKY Grizzlys there that can surprise even a dog.	26
Well gen 3 was my first so it’s great!	0
In my experience, yes.	4
If his seat was vacant, would there be a special election in 2020 if it happened soon? Not wishing him dead or whatever.	7
Sorry man. Didn't realize I was talking to a Russian spam bot. Please give my best to [NAME].	24
This sucks so much and I’m sorry. I hope you recover and have a wonderful life.	20
Unless you have an established career and are a high earner then sorry but you _are_ the shared housing type.	24
What, we are all gonna be corpses soon. Do I become that sooner?	7
This is his 2nd marriage that he has cheated in. She refuses to see how much of a snake he is.	3
I can't wait for mom to slap his hand down	13
Wyrmwood was extremely my shit and I loved every second of it.	18
My guess? Porn. PIED.	7
He sounded so disappointed when he realized they just wanted sex :( Poor OP!	24
One day I just want to show up to my parents’ with a Starbucks cup or maybe some Taco Bell on a Sunday.	8
I realised hatred does only more of self damage. Over time even the hatred fades.	22
Like [NAME] Dad who was replaced after only 1 appearance, [NAME]	1
Tell... what? I’m confused.	6
True but still very unlikely, mostly just vocal harassment and maybe a few small objects. Something tells me police will be there	4
At least you can admit you missed it	9
Love the laugh at the end	18
That’s always what I thought as well, but isn’t that essentially being transphobic, etc? 	7
Dammit as a mom of boys that made me straight up tear up	3
Awe poor guy! He still has a sweet face even with the new addition. Glad they were ok.	5
"Exactly, she wasn't ""venting"", she was abusing his fiancee. "	3
I guess 14 years of customer service experience is good for something after all.	0
The restaurant business is pretty sleazy. There are a lot of affairs there.	0
I guess that's better. I think an important aspect of feminism is that it allows idealized women to be imperfect yet exemplary nevertheless.	0
That looks like some pretty intense “homework”	0
Memes are going to get fucking fantastic though	13
Am just curious to know where this pic was taken. A rare perspective	7
I wish [NAME] was fit enough to be fourth choice.	8
nice try, [NAME]	0
I second that. A broader mobilization and awareness would go a long way.	4
"[NAME] hears bible verses and is like ""fuck this shit"""	11
What's with the click? I don't get it... It ruins the joke *hangs up*	6
Seeing [NAME] on Sunday and I'm so fucking stoked	13
His work schedule is pretty consistent so I should be able to move out when he's at work. Thanks for your advice.	15
Every time [NAME] is in one of these things, I keep remembering that Trinity Soul exists. It was not a very memorable show. 	9
Happy Birthday!! It was great seeing her at the Royal Rumble and SmackDown.	17
Ok, I gots to know, was the child taken away? Please tell me the child was taken away. 	7
[NAME] TAKE MY HEART	18
Also do something special no matter how corny it might be to reward yourself. You deserve it friend!	4
Lightborn, [NAME] Demise, Look at a wall, Bait out the flashlight person, Slug. Wow, so hard.	1
Oh I went to make soup and must’ve missed that	22
The sad part is that we are not trying to tank	25
Yes. Combined.	4
Do you feel better now?	5
Lol ahh man this made me laugh so hard. That filled my laugh gauge for the day.	1
Rename yours to Fuck and let alphabetical order take care of the rest.	3
Thanks for the [NAME] quote.	15
Thank you so much I'm going to start it right after the Golden Globes!	15
Stop texting him until you meet him. What if he is weird, creepy, not your type etc. 	5
"Well, actually it is a joke on how mansplainers often start their mansplaining with: ""well, actually""."	1
That’s something I hadn’t considered. I’ll do just that. Thank you!	15
It is so refreshing to have [NAME] gone.	17
It WAS a naïve grandma!! 😅	22
I got second hand embarrassment so hard my face is still red after few minutes of glancing at one of those google docs.	12
The worst Alabama loss under [NAME]. It was a good day.	15
You’re a badass for recognizing this!! Props to you!	0
Oh no this is cute	0
"My work days are usually similar....but even the ""good morning"" is hard for me to initiate some mornings. I feel your pain!"	4
the tears of unfathomable sadness ... mmm yummy!	25
Hell yeah! Don't let all the jokes get to you. You be happy being you!	5
Oo! OO!! I know this one... ME!	13
I am sorry but you dont have a saying in this matter. Its up to your parents to solve this.	24
I'd love if Sony use [NAME] as [NAME] in a Venom movie. I want [NAME]	18
I love how the girl on her phone in the background sees what happened but just doesn’t care...must happen all the time.	18
Thank you once again! I'm officially out of question now lol Happy New Year!	15
Just do the steps and stop complaining.	3
*what the fuck*	2
‘You’re not so smart’ Wow what a murder /s Trash post	3
I hope she wins next week	20
You have friends that reddit? What a peculiar notion.	7
Outwardly projecting someone you aren't internally sounds exhausting. Hopefully coming on here will provide some form of relief for you.	20
Made me so angry to read that, I almost downvoted your comment. Upvoted, for sure. Grr! 	2
Ok. Got it. Thanks	15
But how does he.....but where will he......can he even........fuck it I’m out	6
Now if only America would do this	20
UNCLE RADITZ IS PISSED!!!	3
Nice of them to call back to [NAME] dyslexia with the two different spellings of deodorant	4
I live in Mississippi, I don't know what the legality is in my circumstances	6
I’m pretty sure it’s soup chef.	4
Oh man! Oh boy!	13
It goes away and can be treated. Once treated it would never return until she had another child.	20
The type of gun he's holding. My bad, my joke wasn't as obvious as I thought.	9
I'm just glad they'll chill out in the main sub, they were swarmin.	17
Favourite month??!!	6
And it is always because of a dropped combo that should have killed	9
I respect your laziness.	0
Bingo! I would not/could not be in a relationship with someone who denies their child a parent by choice.	10
I bet he took down his USA flag to put this one up instead lol	1
Maybe shes the type of person that can take a slap and move on with her life. Hey sometimes you think to yourself did i deserve that?	7
Where in that sentence did I mention US backed CIA coups? You're fucking shameless.	2
The only life that needs to be ended here is the life of the guy that raped your daughter. Abortion is just medicine	2
did it work?	7
Damn. And loosing all Progress on the first Char ?	9
We could cure child cancer and pictures like this would still make me happier	17
Lol what an edgelord	1
I already know what they're dealing with, i just cant help without hurting them emotionally or lying to them	5
I had an urge today. Went straight to the gym. Problem solved. Find something to replace your urges with	8
Well glad she got out of the situation safely. I would much rather NOT have to investigate and know someone is safe.	17
And if she isn't? That relationship could be wrecked and your friend destroyed for nothing	3
that was a horrible call	11
Ahem. There are those who think that life Has nothing left to chance A host of holy horrors To direct our aimless dance	25
This. I saw a life pro tip a couple weeks ago about this. I cant believe how clean my kitchen has gotten.	26
Please no, I have a family!!!	14
Unfortunately on my end, it’s only pecks during sex. Pretty boring. Never open mouthed or anything like that. 	9
I don't wish abortions on any woman. It's a terrible thing to endure. Necessary, sure, but it's still grim.	14
Thats a move i havent seen before	26
Nah. Mine was wrapped around my neck and I am a gun loving medical student.	4
I grew up in the upper peninsula of Michigan so I love the ShopKo reference because those stores are usually in places with depressed economies.	18
I’m really high and laughed too hard at this video, normally I would feel really bad for the old fella.	17
You guys are fools. This is gold.	3
It’s tough to adjust when counter-battery is incoming. They’re just hoping for that one-round FFE.	20
Have a nice day sport.	5
When you can't hold in years of emotional trauma anymore	9
[NAME] are as anti-men as democrats. Forcing your kids to be masculine because they're boys is as bad as brainwashing them with feminist crap.	10
Damn [NAME] great move	0
It shouldn't be, I feel like that's happened to us many times! 	10
Maybe. It's an interesting theory for sure :)	13
I agree with you! Just wishful thinking from me I guess aha!	4
It was weird, but there were usually just 5/6 players at each scene at most, and the rest would be usually doing other stuff.	12
I know, right? Burger King is clearly superior. No wonder he is FA.	22
His 2 point shooting has been bad this season atleast he is still staying aggressive	2
That's what is so stupid about this. My dog gets dreads on its ass sometimes when it poops. Is that appropriation?	3
Absolutely no one was surprised at her choice to run in 2016...	26
Yep. They'll declare a national emergency and use army troops to seize all the plastic straws from chick fil a restuarants in the country	4
Hmm. I don't disagree. It's unfortunate.	4
I arbitrarily hate poo-lice Get OUT OF MY POO	2
Atlantica combat is unlike anything else. So fun. Didnt know it was still arkund; I wish it wasnt so Asia difficult and grindy	8
I laughed at this harder than I'd expected to. Also, joke's on them when those turds freeze solid like everything else in the Midwest rn.	1
Take your upvote, you no good bastard.	2
I'll take two please good ser.. How many chickens do I owe you ?	7
I'd love to see [NAME] in a 4-3 to be honest.	18
Not the right sub, I'm afraid.	14
This looks really cool. r/twobestfriendsplay would love this.	0
Especially mean! I’m with you. I like the funny posts but people use social media as an excuse to just be horrible people	18
I don't know what that is	6
Every time I think about how close we were to getting [NAME] it hurts a little bit more...	25
i started smoking cigars at 30 lol	1
Thanks for the summary. I was having a hard time keeping up! :)	15
Thanks so much!!!	15
"Ok maybe I misunderstood your argument, so your just sayin that state's still have significant ""autonomous"" power? Because I agree with that."	4
I guess the answer is pretty obvious too lol. It would be silly if you posted “[NAME] too...” the bucs?	1
Wait.....What? You do know that's not how it works, right?	26
If you've ever heard him speak on almost anything he's clearly extremely intelligent even if he's being crass.	0
Wow I never noticed that either before you pointed it out	26
Better try next time. Remember to apply yourself and learn history instead of getting angry.	5
This guy hasn't learned his lesson. Bake 'im away, toys!	3
Not threatening? It is an exhortation to commit a violent sexual act against a woman.	7
A tree is useful today and 20 years ago, these people aren't.	3
I’ll give it a shot. Thanks for the alert. If this sub consistently hates it, it can’t be that bad.	15
So you are projecting to defend your hate. Nice psyche you have there enlightened one	3
**LOVE TO HEAR IT B**	18
It infuriates me how many layers of tape these things have sometimes.	2
Oh sweet! From their website I wasn't sure what age group it was geared toward.	6
[NAME], Thank you!	15
Yeah that was his mistake	4
This made me incredibly happy and incredibly sad. Sometimes this universe robs us of the wrong people.	25
Sooooo happy for you.	17
You didn't deserve to win after drafting [NAME] in the 2nd	10
"I'm curious about ""STERN? guy"" from the Phantom Menace review. I've never seen him in anything since."	7
Hate that scene? Believe it or not, jail. 	2
HUGE difference! SO important! Amen sister.	22
Racism is as racism does - so yeah, goin' out and willfully doing racist shit is indeed racist. Not too hard to grasp.	2
Some people on here are infatuated with his infatuation.	22
I’m also glad I’m not the only one that swears a lot at the bastard objects.	17
You are one pathetic human being.	25
i'm just making fun of how when moids say they like personality they dont really mean it	1
For be just being a handsome guy works wonders.	0
My [NAME], I totally forgot about that! I really really hope he married [NAME]... They would be an amazing married couple! 	0
Keep playing whit your 1k players LUL	1
Yeah that’s what confuses me, like most people (men) who are here are just incels in denial	6
felt like that shot by palms was our first in a while	4
A few months ago I would have loved that idea. Hard pass now.	18
great weed, terrible vaccination rates.	0
If we don’t get [NAME], [NAME], [NAME], or [NAME]..... I’ll be so sad 	25
I just see yes	4
I love [NAME], but I'd trade him for equal time at equal cost from Trout before I took half a breath.	18
_Ooh, it looks like we just sold the last one earlier today_	17
No problem here. Bio hardly ever matches the personality	10
Rainy weather must have gotten them... no idea. But i've never seen a dead hummingbird and saw 2 within 5 feet of each other :(	6
My all time favorite band!!! Now my son listens to them and [NAME]!	0
The best for a reason.	4
Looks like he's got the funk.	0
This is not a comedy subreddit. It is a subreddit about the unexpected.	26
Imagine that when you breath in, your lungs feel crispy, that’s what -10 feels like	3
Worse, he murdered King [NAME] in the most cowardly way possible. Both in the books and the show. 	2
I want to come back as a tree	8
Why does [NAME] have extra nipples on his arms?	7
Anyone going to The Federal in North Hollywood tonight? I’ve never been and I’m wondering what the crowd will be like.	7
Srs I have tears in my eye from laughing... and also because I’m immunocompromised and live not too far from there lmaoooooooooo	1
Thank you! Definitely listening to this one.	15
Omg a drop pass worked. 👀	26
I was hoping it wouldn’t come to that tbh...	20
I also take the pill continuously for endometriosis. I will never go back. I love those pills.	4
I'm sorry. I hope he takes the CTJ talk seriously. Fingers crossed for you!	5
The Broadway store was popular too. I get that it's regulated now but it's a shame.	9
The nerve of that [NAME] album on his wall. I still can’t believe he has a child.	26
Wow. Some people are so stupid. But if it was me I would have opened the door and at least put it inside the doorway.	26
Thank [NAME] you used this prequel quote and not, “You’re exactly the way I remember you in my dreams.”	15
happy cake day	15
"I am glad I found this subreddit ""gatekepping"" is a phenomenon vocab btw."	17
I feel this but I also sympathize with mentalcels because I’m mentally ill and it makes me feel even worse.	25
[NAME] is worse.. [NAME] is really bad as well..	11
Thanks for the sauce boss	15
Not [NAME]. He really didn’t seem like the Canuck players that played with him missed him at all.	10
He looked like he fell in love	18
Hard to describe, but I get a more relaxed sleep with cbd.	17
I feel the exact same way. It makes me so insecure	4
stay safe man	5
Hahaha where was this when I started out.	1
thanks older generations :)	15
I laughed way harder then i shouldve	1
This team doesn’t deserve to go the playoffs. Only [NAME] deserves to go. Is that possible?	7
Alexa play Sad!	25
"Very well said. I am no fan of pinkers ""everything is awesome"" narrative of the modern world either."	0
She is my friend	4
“People said I was stupid for stretching out my lobe so far that it ripped. Well who’s stupid NOW?”	3
Lmao compelling argument bud	1
Lol people still watch CBS?	1
That moment when you feel isolated in r/ForeverAlone. Never had anyone like me	3
The mom looks like my great aunt when she was younger.	0
Idk is this is a lie or something, but I’ve heard people say that over 1500 independent observers found the elections free and fair	6
It doesn't have to only effect one for it to affect women.	10
Hopefully they can bounce back and take out the anger of this loss on the pistons, then start a new win streak	20
Bingo! “I tried but those dirty libtards wouldn’t fund it. Sad.” Will be involved somewhere	20
You have devoted yourself to this guy and he thinks you would be a bad mom. Fuuuuuuuck this guy. You deserve better.	2
The Donald raiders are the most savage of the bunch, they not only downvote brigade but also annihilate civil debates 	4
Truly wretched.	9
Based on the down votes I can say this is truly an unpopular opinion although it shouldn't be	10
r/outoftheloop here; could you explain why this is good? I'm assuming he's a scummy shitlord.	7
Okay thanks for the advice!	15
I'm not crying, you're crying	3
I'm surprised no one posted a Meat thread yet...	26
I'd worry about traffic more than the TSA.	19
Came here looking for the knowitall that explains the difference. Disapointed in reddit today.	9
no worries, just clean your room	5
Wow, this is terrifying.	14
I could crush him like a bug right now.	2
Can't remember how many times i died there. Death is easy if you keep spamming holy water in the corner	22
I'm hoping it's more statistical noise at this point still, but it's definitely worrying.	19
So uncharacteristic for an INTJ but country music is my favorite genre!	18
How aren’t you in fucking school	2
nice shot of that full moon on the first day of winter!	0
Strange how you know they are 16...	7
Thanks :)	15
The last message was particularly painful to read	25
It was on a washed out road in the at 2am. Which makes it even worse. They never should have been towing that vic.	11
Wow this is pretty interesting. We should have a thread about what's it like to grow up in a polygamous household	0
Almost heaven...	0
Yeah, that's why I'm not feeling like there's much I can do except vent.	9
Everybody seems to be lost.	9
A girl that ugly only liking me isn't a compliment its an insult and it shows [NAME] hates me	9
Definitely accurate, lasted about a month total in a Disney “internship” program... was more like slavery. Terrible experience that ruined Disney for me	14
I hate to be that guy, but there are 6’0” + women	2
it made me cry too when [NAME] return to her older self😢	25
Well said, being alone is a stronger feeling than love! 	18
It’s a wonder [NAME] didn’t get more duis with the amount he needed to drink	26
My husband’s mental health issues caused our divorce. If you need a friend or a listening ear, pm me. I hope things improve!	20
The soft glam palette from ABH, because almost everyone loves it. And I love it too. I am actually loving it more than my modern renaissance 😊	18
You’re a stud 🙌🏻	0
Her husband is disgusting. I can’t even look at the cute baby when his face is in the shot.	11
Black Mirror is great.	0
I’m glad I’m not the only one.	23
Kindly shut your pie hole.	2
I think by and large it encouraged men to become better betas.	22
No friends anymore, but had a guy get jealous at another guy flirting with me.	1
I cut onions to hide my feelings.	4
"[NAME] was good in ""My Love from the Star""."	0
I made the mistake of choosing [NAME] once. I'm literaly unable to change characters in Tekken for the rest of my life.	24
The rams seem pretty happy with [NAME].	17
Damn, sorry to hear that. Hopefully the right gig will come along!	20
Pizza time!	13
As a student in DC Universities I hope to fucking god they get rid of blackboard and replace it with canvas.	3
I love assault	18
I shouldn't be tanking this much rating after even a year bro. You don't understand how bad it feels to be in this garbage elo.	3
Now comes your affiant, [NAME], law school and attorney credentialing expert. I don't understand what's wrong, though. [NAME] passed the bar.	6
23 minutes! Omg that's too long	26
I'm not sure what you are implying, but it seems very rude.	3
Oops! The lack of free trade caused the death of 20 Million proletariat!	25
Yes, I do. I'm open to dating from anywhere- friends of friends, nights out, online. 	4
Thanks for your insight	15
Okay. How so?	7
I AM A LIBTAD LOL	1
Could they not have been quarantined when diagnosed at the airport? (Genuine question, I have no idea about this shit)	22
kid still sad after eating food, because it WASN'T A HAPPY MEAL.	9
I recommend reading it. What an odd duck/rabbit.	4
We don’t “know” but it was reported he is expected to stay on. Really glad about it	17
Peace to you both.	5
I hope this guy got found and fired. That's way too dangerous. He could have easily killed someone.	14
Oh I can't wait until they have sole rights to our game.	13
Post this on /r/nba lol	1
You describe yourself as your knowledge of Asian languages stopping at knowing they exist? How did you know it was Mandarin then? That's impressive.	0
New book? Or is he talking about 12 rules	7
All the time, you just sort of accept it round here. Butt-hurt mombies and bitter regretful daddicts are what I usually chalk it up to.	3
Thanks for the heads up, I'll wait until next week to head down. 	15
Despite what you may feel about me, I’m happy you got that off your chest, I hope you feel better!	20
I started this morning barging seven minutes late into a meeting that was not the meeting I thought it was. W E L P	22
My favourite commentator on this game	18
Anyone with a mirror?	7
Love this guy. I think he will end up being super good this year.	18
I remember saying [NAME] messed up the timeline worse than [NAME] over a year ago	9
But [NAME], this is a chance for me to fulfill my lifelong dream. 	8
Mother’s Day is the worst.	3
My fav character	18
Well, since everything in Australia wants to kill you, I'd say it is quite healthy to be afraid of Australian spiders, and other flora and fauna 	14
I’d want him to keep whatever gimmick this is it looks interesting	13
just speculation at this point but it's not looking good	10
Unfortunately, we live in 21st century America, where this kind of behavior ensures that they will both be given high-paying jobs at CNN.	25
That’s one of the many sleeping cycles of my fucked-up schedule :)	9
Take them out of his care and into the care of someone who can watch them until you are able to protect them yourself.	5
They understand alright, they just don't give a shit. Bunch of fucking scum.	11
I think [NAME] has like a clothes/purse/perfume line. Don't quote me though.	4
Great post, thanks for coming here and sharing.	15
i can change mood for no reason on seconds. Im happy ish. To sad or frustrated to anger and rage and not always in that order.	21
i'm really disappointed this isn't a real sub because i know there are soo many good notes to go in there	9
Considering the whining he did in our modmail, he may not realize this.	9
As The Pot Bro's always say. When the Cops ask you questions. Shut the fuck up.	2
Can someone please explain what is happening.	6
I don’t think you understand selling at a loss	10
Been their. We got into a huge argument and that caused our first break up. Video games...	9
Thank you for your validation. *Kowtows and give thanks the [NAME] way.*	15
I’m kind of out of the loop... is THIS the big Chungus?	7
Very well said.	0
You mean morons??	7
I'm cautiously optimistic about him.	20
You have no perspective. Go outside and get some friends.	3
Sentence didn’t start with an apology, not sure if legit Canadian. 	6
She had so so so many great looks. I can’t remember them all now, but she hardly ever made a misstep in regards to fashion. 	0
Lol you're an idiot.	1
That's so awesome! (I am so jealous hahaha)	0
[NAME] over there kneeling in front of a picture of [NAME] riding a dinosaur thanking his savior for giving him the strength to be conniving little twat	15
The sick stomach feeling should pass in an hour or two, good luck friend!	5
Happy to play then? It might hurt...	6
Man I'm sad, he was my favorite [NAME] when he left ([NAME] heir apparent) and I was ecstatic when he returned	25
Yes he is a very good pup check out his insta if u want its in the post	4
My favourite is when [NAME] was getting ready to be taken out of her house, but she had to have a bowl of Froot Loops first.	4
oh. i didnt know that. ty	15
the fuck is wrong with this guy	2
I think they're all equally bad in their own way.	10
I'd love to do that one day	18
I agree, there’s no salt on that pretzel...monstrosity!	4
I agree. But, if you were delivering shrimps-n-gritz betcha you'd be tempted. 	4
Destroying the unrighteous to save the righteous is a righteous act. Therefore the great flood is an act of love. Whether it happened or didn't happen.	4
Probably out of desperation as they going no answers with the other made up god.	9
Wow are you saying political agitators will drum up a controlled crisis and disseminate the edited video through a foreign fake twitter account	26
I feel personally attacked.	25
This is considered being successful at this point in their lives if you live downtown lol	1
Those are pretty good points. Not just for a hypothetical argument, but just good points about the plot in general.	0
It looks like you might have some sand in your angina.	6
Thank you.	15
No I've been here for 5 years :( it's just gotten worse and worse	11
Just what I needed to hear today! Thanks!	15
Fus Ro D..omg the sun is coming up	13
Maybe he has really bad short term memory, and is genuinely curious how the cop got his attention.	7
It's pronounced hay-SOOS, thank you very much...	15
I will downvote the hell out of any news article promoting ponzi schemes.	10
So why not leave it in his garage with the doors locked?	7
i get the joke and still think this sucks.	10
[NAME] thank you so much this is so blessed	15
Better for his brand..but it's pretty clear... Welcome to the Raptors!!!	4
Wow and shes fine to screwed people up ?@ wow are you sure from this story though?! How did people add thos storey up ?!	6
I have too! I had to pick up sewing to do it but that has been fun as well!	1
It's a black cockatoo. They're rare and kind of beautiful to see.	0
Truth is, we don't know. Never tried it really.	22
Holy shit, if my siblings had roomates i wouldnt be shocked if you were talking about them.	26
Offense is taken, not given. Calm down, you'll live longer. 	5
I hear ya man, it sucks that we live in a world where we have to worry about so much nonsense instead of just being ourselves. 	3
Source: /g/169743. He's saying this to [NAME] ~~(OWO)~~ if anyone's curious.	7
Heyyy bear hug!	17
Yeah. All they have to do is ask for absolution, which means [NAME] can live a life of sin and repent and go to their heaven.	22
[NAME] BREAK THE GAME. WHY HAVE YOU GIVEN ALL THE KILLERS A FUCKTON OF THEM. ITS SO DAMN STUPID.	2
Do you need someone to talk to [NAME]? Your comment history is pretty disconcerting.	5
[NAME] a drama queen?! Surely you jest./s	7
Oh, fair enough. Praise be.	0
Yup if you’re ahead and just want to spam actives I enjoy it with an upgraded cursed ankh to really hurt healing based teams	17
You love your joke!	18
Yeah, it’s not exactly rocket-propelled hot wheels cars playing soccer, but eh, I’m down.	4
What, again? This stupid country!	2
It's a shame you didn't get to see the event live. At least your followers get to see nice vertical view of what was going on.	3
Best of luck to you too. sorry to hear that. Here's to No contact!!	5
I didn't find it too bad. I always favoured the 1500m and my wife is from Abu Dhabi	4
Yes, yes, yes. Oh my [NAME]!	13
I could never deface my car like that omg	10
I see you flaired it with help,so what do you need help with	7
I love when [NAME] is a bit more bias with a call when [NAME] isn't. Always makes me giggle.	18
He posts on The_Donald, you're arguing with a brick wall	3
Um....Yes? I would love it if everyone didn't believe in [NAME].	7
I've removed your post for witch hunting. Please be mindful of that in the future.	2
You are right but stick a cleanse on that bad boy and he's golden	4
Which part?	7
That's like the US Democratic Party, right? I heard that they support the far-left National Socialist maniac known as [NAME] ([NAME]). ;)	6
Lots of us in Texas. Dallas is a nice mix of moderate conservatives, libertarians, and moderate liberals. I like it here.	0
Sorry man. I didn’t know you were on reddit. Didn’t mean to steal your stuff! I totally would have tagged you	24
Dear Lord [NAME]...... loving those numbers!	18
I'm sick of them eating my cheddar.	3
It will work this time!	20
Yep gave me goosebumps.	13
Yeah I’ve also experienced that with work friends I know what you mean. Thanks! Hope it gets better for you too :)	15
That would be fun	1
Damn, I’d love to own a stg-44...	18
Stomping the Titans before Christmas in 2012. I got to watch nearly every playmaker do something big, and got to razz my Titans fan buddy all day. 	13
Use a damn rubber	3
Why does he have the vault boy face lol	1
Oh, I’m so sorry! Good luck, I hope your 3000% more successful than me! Sending love and support!!!!!	20
It’s rebranded as the ‘Quarter Note Hotel’. For now.	4
My best guess is that it means 155 won, 6 lost, 839 drawn.	20
No. But that's really interesting. I might start doing that.	13
But also don't be so aloof that you don't want to help anyone.	3
This is not a good formation. We’ve been over this. It just ends up being crossed lobbed into the box by [NAME]	10
Awesome i already havr an will definitly not be doing it in the future thanks for the advice.	15
NSW Police have always being great with the current memes. I wouldn’t be surprised if it is a 15 year old running the page.	0
Yeah that was my bad. I was just heated after that loss and was being an ass. My b	25
Same. She seems to get aggravated more easily now too. Hope it's just the political climate and not the tail end of her prime.	20
Screaming at this reply	2
Oh ok. Guess the official US statute itself doesn't count?	6
Wow, now I am sad	25
Hahah, it's all good now since I've got a mouse now	1
tf, didnt know that thx	22
Still not sure I understand the difference? Do they both not keep your makeup in place?	6
I know I’m late, but happy cake day :D	13
"I have this problem. Sometimes my gaydar and my ""[NAME] interfere with each othrr"	20
Lol, pretty sad that even in your fake revenge fantasies you come across as a huge asshole.	1
Oh [NAME] thank you.	15
And communism wouldn't? The USSR was a master of creating industrial wastelands.	4
But thats for [NAME] and our secret getaway plan to escape to a better life, not this one. Lol	1
Thank you thank you!! I have a feeling I will be reading for a while!	15
"The ""[NAME] says it's true"" line makes me think he's messing with you."	3
This one sentence of humor has overridden all of the trolls thoughts today. Thanks for the chuckle.	15
I stand corrected, my apologies to the mods. I'd personally like to see more banned or removed but at least they handled the most egregious.	24
Sounds dreadful.	14
Except for that ridiculous tongue action, she has quite a pretty face.	3
I stand fully corrected, thank you!	15
What happened?	6
You’re a wonderful person. I wish I could afford to do the same ❤️	0
This looks like an obvious joke to me. Most of you are getting baited.	1
Get his master class. My boyfriend watched it and he got obsessed with cooking, knife techniques, etc. (for like 3 months).	0
Lol the “lower levels”. Very cute	0
Haha, just like teaching.	1
She’s so cute!	0
Sure, sorry for late response.	25
"Youd be surprised how many times the ""hebephilia is not pedophilia"" argument comes up on reddit. "	26
That's one of the only times I've ever felt bad for [NAME]. He was relentless and would not let it go!	25
So cute and there would be nothing with talking to her about it after and both being on the same page	20
Ah, thank you! I’ve only seen them as decoration and on hotel doors. I had forgotten the name, thanks!!	15
I HEAVILY VIBE WITH THIS	17
Goth pale is lovely.	18
I wish [NAME] played like [NAME]	8
True. I'm not from the US so i dont know how they would go about enforcing this law.	4
I just use a very generic “this card wont seem to process for some reason, do you have another form of payment you could try?”	7
With some editing and photoshopping this could be a badass album cover	4
So you're saying my man was murdered...	6
Lmfao i don't know why this is so funny	1
lol reddit is for 10 year olds confirmed	1
I love bang	18
"Can anyone here show where in the Quran it states ""not to delay your salah for anything"" ?"	7
Is this in response to something that you've noticed about or just a general statement?	7
I wish bojangles was nation wide, why isn't bojangles nation wide?	7
"Many Stores are doing away with the ""fine"" jewelry - but we make a ton of money on the costume jewelry - the mark up is ridiculous!"	1
News flash scrims don’t mean shit.	3
Can’t relate	10
Love this!! This is so lovely! Wish I had friends like this! Great drawing as well!!	18
Oh [NAME] I love [NAME]!	18
I am really disappointed in everyone today. Not a single murmur was mentioned. People only murmur in [NAME] world.	9
Aww thank you. That’s very sweet.	15
Sorry the cognitive dissonance is too much for you. Why don't you go back to listening to Nickelback? It'll make you feel better :)	24
Time consuming too, but buying a box that size outright is stupidly expensive—even if you order a bundle of 25 at a time.	10
I just saw that they deleted their account. Good.	4
I watch it every time I see it posted. There's something beautiful about watching someone so passionate and excited about what they've discovered :)	0
Happy cake day [NAME]	17
I love Florida	18
>i told him we weren't sick we were just on drugs. Lol unexpected	1
Sounds racist, fetishistic, sexist, and objectifying.	3
This is the sad truth for the exact reason he mentioned, they want a short fix to avoid doing this type of hard work.	25
You’re killing me. Let a brotha know next time lol	1
Sorry about that!	24
If you feel it's harassment, you have the ability to report the post for harassment.	5
Actually it's quite hard to decide without a proper reason. Under what circumstances do we have to do that?	7
I have no idea if this is sarcasm...	6
Sorry. I read that as newly white and it cracked me up.	24
Congratulations, you can into geolibertarianism	15
OMG was he really 5000 favorite?	7
I hope that's all it is. Didn't see him take a hit or anything.	10
[NAME] and [NAME] may be stronger, but [NAME] just gone mad. She's lost the plot for sure.	3
> It’s really not that difficult to win in this league lol	1
here’s hoping the same is true for me!	20
I really love that this sub has it's own little culture	18
Sure, let's kill a guy with a buck on his horse because that's how it was in the old west. Smh	4
good to see your story had a happy ending!	17
Aw, she came home early to surprise you! She must have missed you a lot.	26
Can’t see him doing well in the premier league tbh. Wouldn’t be surprised if he ends up wishing he stayed at Dortmund.	9
Nice try Gillette	0
Taking a charge up 30. I love this team	18
Do you know what caused the relapse? Identify the cause of failure so you won't repeat the same mistake.	7
Ahhh I misread your comment as “If I noticed a car on a flat bed with no straps.”	22
"Thanks to me, my grandma now refers to to [NAME] as ""the lizard""."	15
Exactly my point	4
Man, I miss those days. LA is pretty much dead now.	9
I love how it stops just before the impact	18
Being so rare and only giving you bad luck? Fake news	10
Thank you for these helpful points. I’ll read them again later.	15
My man's on the left looks like he's trying too guard precious	5
What year did I wake up in?	6
Love [NAME]. Amazing beaches!	0
When was this? Is it in opposition to the coup?	6
> Why do you think you're in financial hell? He spends the rest on drugs according to his post history.	7
It is pretty funny. Our wives cannot stand when we're all together because it's all we talk about lol	1
And how often the Asian guy is the token gay guy (especially since Uncle George came out). What I would give for more Asian romantic leads!	7
Focus on yourself and not on finding a relationship. It sounds like you have a lot of personal issues to work on and are projecting your problems.	5
Love the guy complaining the panel is stacked against the rich what with all the high tax rhetoric. *The WORLD is stacked against the rest of us.*	18
Yeah they taste so fake!!	10
It still seems Fairy popular, I might get it. Thanks for the tip!	15
E - Either we turn it around and make the playoffs or tank and [NAME] gets fired so win win right?	20
Yes, I know. But thanks, no damage to the second car and just some scratches on mine.	15
Just found my new phone background. This is amazing, keep it up!	13
I know right? Getting that wrong would’ve de-railed the joke.	20
I wonder if that was the original plan or if [NAME] just realized what [NAME] talked about and threw in that note to explain it.	7
What? I don’t just want to sleep with him. I want more idk... I value myself	10
I'm a girl and got the belt for doing something similar with another girl.	4
Most accurate of the 5 places I've seen this today.	22
Great snap. Try again in a week when the lights are on at the aus open.	0
I recognized a word!	22
It doesn’t help	10
You've aged horribly'	14
This sub is becoming a “Gamers rise up” parody of itself. This is ridiculous.	3
I was afraid things would if we kept seeing each other, which is why I brought this up to her now rather than later. 	14
Even if it’s available 24/7 on your new website 99% of it is ugly so people still won’t buy it.	11
Did you know your post about your comment being downvoted is also being downvoted?	7
Are those the numbers from last season? [NAME] is a significantly better player this year than he was last year	0
In 10 years, she’s still be a loser.	10
I'm sorry. Does Scholomance exist in the World of Ice and Fire?	24
This seems like a massive cope. But do whatever makes you happy.	4
I really like this one.	0
Awesome! Thanks a lot. Brings back memories	15
That’s what I meant, sorry bout that. Never fold AKs pre 	24
Stay strong and keep going. Chiche but true : living well is the best revenge .	5
You gotta watch with subtitles IMO. The dubbed English version looks and sounds ridiculous.	9
What an absolute bloke. Keen to see him run wild this season.	0
I agree with [NAME].	4
ARGH!!	2
"The ""Nice, nice."" Is really cringy for some reason."	0
That's until a golden retriever runs for office. Humans can't be trusted	3
"""Why everyone hurts me?"""	25
How dare you care about your physical and mental health, you shitlord you! /s	2
You're the reason [NAME] won the election. There isn't anything even remotely resembling fascism in the United States. Get a grip.	3
Weird flex but ok	4
Dammit, I thought I put it at the bottom. Sorry.	24
I bid my condolences to any player who did not experience release day action. “*Glorious battles, tooth and nail* *Noobs arrived, our matches grew stale*”	9
I hate people who can't *read* Dx	2
I recognize this YouTube channel... They make beautiful furniture. This has to be at customer request. I have no idea how to explain it otherwise.	0
Thanks GM & Ford!	15
At least she can eat Abel or something so we don't have to worry about feeding her.	23
I'm a guy and I'm squirming. My wife asked me what the hell I was reading and I told her. She said wtf really loud.	19
I’m genuinely surprised that [NAME] didn’t believe [NAME] lipstick speech - like that shit genuinely moved me	26
It might be the other way around! They seem to have a lot of awkward conversations while eating dinner.	3
> 2. Give me any evidence that women don't want to date me.	7
as a woman, I can tell ya it’s not uncommon for that to happen, haha. [NAME] make it extra sad though.	25
It's very hard to un-brainwash someone. Damn near impossible	10
Good. It's weird that Polish gun culture is nearly non-existent, given their history as a country. Hopefully this is a step toward fixing that.	0
Great for moderate sedation in the ER!	0
Guess I'm seriously out of shape, I should do something about that. Maybe next week...	9
Just stop.	2
Why are you so angry?	2
It’s copypasta from like 2004 lol	1
I was a huge fan of the script ones but the new greens this season look pretty fresh on ice, too. I like bringing the red back in	0
this would work!!	20
At least no one threw water on him and exacerbated things	23
I wouldn't have thought if you hadn't mentioned Harry Potter. I appreciate the reminder. Teamwork!	15
He closed the stream with a song of hers, while hugging his skele-buddy. It was a good song.	0
>Yes, I know that you like to talk about yourself a lot :P I do use a lot of words. It's actually embarrassing. 	12
If we trade him I don’t think be will be a playoff team :(	9
That's very incoherent	6
That just shows how similar people can be in this kind of situation, demanding, rude, and can sometimes damage stuff without care	2
Well done Kepa get in!!!!	0
Good job for politicising a tribute to a local TV show beloved by many.	15
We just got paper straws and we have to ask everyone if they want one first. it's anoying.	3
5% more people identifying as liberal than conservative, 4.3% more people supporting the tax rates. [NAME] activated	4
Coming back pretty strong with UFC Fortaleza at least. [NAME] vs. Moicano has me excited	13
Fuck why didn’t I think of that	2
That’s been arguably his strongest attribute this season?	7
That game was one of the craziest I’ve ever been to	13
wouldn't you say [NAME] and [NAME] are part of the same generation?	7
Thanks for keep us posted	15
I wonder if she unliked you? That'd then make sense for the rest of it.	4
Isnt that the god awful truth	7
It was in a downward trend since 9 years ago, thanks [NAME]! 	15
Thank you for this encouragement. It's been a very long time since I've made any progress	15
In fact the South side of Chicago is the baddest part of town	9
He's being so unprofessional. He's out for blood for some reason.	3
Welcome to racial integration, where your civility standards are racist and you better shut up or else.	3
Fucking hate [NAME]..	2
Not a chance on this	10
No, I just haven't seen that here, and I wanted you to show me that's all.	8
I wish you have a best luck on your journey.	5
Try Rescue Melatonin Strawberry gummies and Natural Calm in hot water. They saved my life.	5
There is a reason 15 people liked my comment dear, those fifteen people all think you are pretty. I hope you see this... 👓	20
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **1st Cakeday** SirVortivask! ^(hug)	17
Haha look at these liberals crying about children being raped in cages haha what snowflakes haha	1
Because sometimes the middle is still wrong	10
the act of using private companies as platforms to push indoctrination is no less vile than state run companies	3
One of those is not like the others.	10
Glad it's not just me!	17
Oh my gosh! I subscribed to both! Thank you so much for the recommendation.	15
Thanks for the tip! We’ll try that	15
Damn you two need help	3
GT: LAMZY GG - don't do missions that much unless I need to farm meat but I'll add for the additional mission contact 👌👌	8
If he's mailing you cash, and you're waiting to ship the item until payment is received, i'm confused how this would be a scam.	6
Socialism?!?! But le higher taxes!!	7
At some point you just gotta say, that’s impressive. This isn’t that point. 	6
Thank you! Well put I am not the best at putting my thoughts into words so well said thank you that was the point I was going for!	15
. . . Uh huh, interesting	13
We don't know anything yet till it happens. It's great to see everything think they know the eliminations order.....lol. you will be shooked	26
"Thats what makes me think OP is secretly the ""nice guy"" here."	0
That awkward moment when people who passionately hate [NAME] inadvertently portray him as a hero.	12
Yep. When precedent is very right-wing ‘centrism’ is just “I fundamentally believe we shouldn’t move left any significant amount”	4
Game: ok get out now Nea: a Game: no fuck you nea u toxic af	2
yep, its still time based so 1st will be absolutely raking it in 	4
Apart from the flashy plating, it's probably the most famous dutch restaurant and has 3 Michelin stars. I hope they don't serve mediocre food there	20
I earned the money, I bought the food and I cooked the food so don't go thanking your phoney baloney god for it in my home.	10
What are you listening to?	7
I don't think so. I think he is courting a secular crowd of young confused secular people searching for meaning in their lives.	6
Hoping you’re gonna experience a ton of good days from here on out dude	20
He’s a professional liar making promises to get elected when all he concerned with is a power gain.	2
Reaching parity with Steam's 15 year legacy in a single year would be an amazing effort.	0
Make sure your Cats are in a safe and loving place.	5
Whistler Medical, Broken Coast, and 7 Acres... looks to be the top 3 rec producers right now.	4
Thanks mate. I’ll incorporate that into my game. Thanks mate.	15
Thanks for the review, comments, etcetera.	15
Yes. She should. Just not President. I've heard people say she should, and she is nowhere near ready for that. 	4
I'm British and this has definitely happened to me.. but why is it just [NAME]?	7
It just has to be clean and hygienic. Maybe make sure you got food and wine on deck	8
You’re doing a fantastic job at keeping things together. Have faith that you’re on the right track, and things WILL work them-self out.	0
Yeah I don't think so lol	4
Thank you for your help	15
Whoa now, easy there on the logic.	13
Nah I didn’t get scammed but my money is sitting in the Dream Market escrow doohickey. Whatever that means! Haha!	10
Just go try and by one piece fan after got end!	5
I have no idea what that means.	6
I don't know	6
Partywolf had 178 losses in a row? Are you seeious? I can't believe that	7
But he has... so it’s not that he can’t but that he shouldn’t.	10
I like His And Hers Poker Podcast	18
Man I didn't think our fanbase was this delusional.	10
I enjoyed that Bagel Boss commercial. Suddenly craving some Greiss Coffee.	17
No, I prefer having a forest	10
Interesting trend. Just wait till they learn about the church's racism and history claims....	7
That's what I can't understand either, what were they expecting by knocking on the door?	6
Finally! Somebody who legitimately hates planet Jupiter!	23
Extremely painful to watch	25
I really need to get more sleep.	8
We're trying to be 3-16 on the road with a positive point differential lol	1
I love daddy long neck and crew. You won’t be disappointed when you look it up.	18
You’re a genius.	0
You're making me look bad [NAME], while she yells and screams.	2
As of right now, [NAME] is the better overall player.	0
What a game... completely down and out at half time and then... [NAME] and total annhilation of the scousers	13
are you printing labels through ebay/paypal/other online service? You get a discount there. If you're paying retail, stop it. 	3
**You are breaking the car!**	2
Start a relaxing bedtime routine. Goggle sleep hygiene and make sure yours is good. Get over your weird thing about reading and try it!	5
I'm clueless as to what I could be clueless about too, [NAME]. What is the difference? Aren't all video games ultimately 'no lifeing' it?	6
This kinda looks like something shot in the style of Reno 911. Especially the bit where the cops look back and simultaneously say “Jaywalking!”	4
What's really sad is that [NAME] wants to outlaw gay dads. I'm literally shaking.	25
Lies, damn lies and statistics. 	2
I love it in spades	18
Xbox 360. I’ve never gamed before so I’m excited.	13
As a [NAME], I would like to extend an apology to anyone freezing in the polar vortex. 	25
Very good (and depressing) point haha	1
I'm not offended. Just curious.	7
You’re an animal, and you deserve all the shame/repercussions you get.	2
If you all keep nagging me with this question I will turn this car around and then *no one’s* getting to watch the trailer.	3
Shhhh, don’t say that, your going to trigger a millennial 	10
I bought milk and honey for its cover. ended up loving it anyway.	17
If it were [NAME] being negative about Korea, would you be equally happy to see it banished?	10
i managed to craft that super early in the game and i was so disappointed that i basically could not get drunk	9
This literally broke my heart	9
Oh, did they innovate anything I would recognize with their obscenely large financial investments? :):):):)	7
[NAME] why did they have to remove the OP? Her story is heartbreaking and she appears to only want some sort of comfort from the sub.	25
“I thought I was suppose to love 2018 wtf”	18
Where the f are you going to school that you are hearing such remarks semi regularly? That's horrible!	2
We all know that everyone was doing the Kiki do you love me ironically so that if people do it unironically then we can make fun of them.	1
Do you orgasm when you’re on your own? Are you a virgin?	7
Srsly, mountains in Netherlands?	7
They have my favorite reality shows too like Hell’s Kitchen and Survivor.	13
I love when people make proclamations without backing any of it up with examples or proof.	18
Then spend already! Go get [NAME] and [NAME] and [NAME]. Bring up that young talent and dominate already.	20
I used them too, did a great job but they were super expensive.	0
I dont know why people are hating this so much. I guess everyone here wants to be just ok for the next 5 years	6
I needed this laugh like... damn. This comment is just as good as the OP and the OP is pretty amazing. 🙌	8
According to the filmmakers, it was the same Brachiosaurus that awed the characters in the first movie. ;_;	26
Oh, it's that time for you. Sending hugs. 	13
regret unfollowing him...	24
U R quite welcome buddy. Enjoy the rest of your weekend.	5
If someone starts that, I’ll join in. Their mods help perpetuate it all.	4
Love in a way is a choice. In a relationship, you choose to look past your partner's faults	4
Thank you for the level headed advice	15
"I love how the lab is in the front like ""shotgun!"" ."	18
That place must be a gold mine of good stories.	0
LMao what kinda stupid ass rule is that?	1
I love sliding so yea	18
Thank u!!! Im gonna try this one bless u	15
I meant after tech school but thanks	15
Happy to help!	17
But I hate trannies and feminsts owo	2
Replace smug with thug and you'll see how racist you are	3
That was such awful bandaid application. Like what the fuck.	3
We got heated toilet seats here in Japan. Big smiles.	1
That was the point of his last two sentences	22
I'm surprised not to see whining about [NAME] books more often, speaking of children.	26
Can we get actual delivery dogs? I feel like that would be so much better... =D	7
[NAME] these things were terrible. i presume they still are. #teamlemoncreams	11
[NAME] Housekeeper is really funny lol	1
Yeah usually I’m defensive around people I don’t know casually walking around with things that could be powerful weapons.	4
That makes a lot of sense. I appreciate you taking the time.	0
lol I hope no-one bothers to answer you in earnest honesty because you are so childish it'll just wash right over your ears.	20
Why are you even visiting /r/Artifact if you hate the game so much?	6
That’s awesome!	0
I feel you! Sending love and support	5
I don’t think that many people really thought [NAME] would be a game changer.	10
>!This really crushed my soul!<	25
Who wants to muddy the water with facts... Ha	8
Welcome to adulthood my bro.	15
I’m sorry you’re going through the hurt, this shit sucks so bad.. I don’t wish this upon anyone..	24
yeah see some of us come from youtube it's a horrible place never go there	14
Such a disappointment. Mobile games are such a shallow replacement for a full sequel. What a let down.	9
Why did a vision of my future include a story about [NAME] and [NAME] gold?	7
I love it when they show tons of interest. Love it.	18
Broke and jealous	25
What’d he say?? I want to be in on his shame!	7
Sometimes I just go on the YouTube video for any song older than like 20 years and these comments never disappoint	17
You didn't disappoint. I'm proud of you.	0
Too bad they lost.	9
It only gets worse kiddo. Someone call [NAME] and get this girl an upgrade.	11
toy has lost its value	25
The sky is actually annoying and so on (and as annoying as it makes sense. No, this is interesting how?	3
Eh, loser. It’s sad how some people don’t care about their relatives.	25
By taking it as a nonserious game you don't need in order to enjoy and have fun with it.	10
Happy real life cake day my dude :)	13
I'd say its higher tier stupidity because this belief actually harms people	10
Ugh I am in this same place right now. Dating a husband whose wife calls all the shots. I feel for you.	25
I sold an item on ebay and amazon at the same time. I had to cancel the Amazon order. Is that going to hurt anything?	7
Well, I knew that a lot of people don't trim their bushes in the eastern suburbs, but that's ridiculous.	11
Every game counts for the Kings tho. Suns are out if the playoff race and this is a must win for the Kings. BOL!	4
[NAME] AND PORZINGOD UNDER THE TUTILAGE OF DADDY DIRK PINCH ME I MUST BE DREAMING	6
Orange man funny but concerning	1
Too bad it wasn’t a sword.	9
Funny. He said the same thing to me. I don’t even have a daughter.	17
Nice, i have the crown help me and the 309. Can you compare it to those?	7
Exactly, I've seen some of her friends and family SM and is not exactly wowing me. 	9
Sorry but the majority of console players will agree that he needs nerfed and nerfed hard	24
Why am I excited for the new season	13
[NAME] book? What the heck?!	6
Nokias can even connect to a fax machine? TIL	7
I’m so happy for them. I hope he drowns in a puddle of bacon grease.	17
I ate meat for 21 years of my life, been vegan for 7 now. This doesn't hold water.	10
She probably just said it because it rhymes, sorry Op	24
[NAME] I HATE those.	2
Seriously? Never knew... but yea that would make sense	7
Sorry to hear that. Hope you feel better soon!	20
Im desperately hoping that that is either sarcasm or a troll.	20
Yeah I remember when they banned bathrooms, crazy thing. 	22
You can't buy a toe line.	10
Welcome back, [NAME]	17
I hope she figures out he isn’t before anything happens. The entitlement herre is just over the roof	20
Beautiful yet sad that his relationship ended in ‘45 the same way most of mine do...with cheating	25
At least my suffering is over.	23
It was the worst cinemax porn I've ever seen.	11
Yep, it was faked. Too bad, too	9
[NAME] fucking dammit	2
Wow dude get a life and stop digging through my comments trying to pick a fight like a belligerent moron.	2
I'm appalled that your roommate straight up destroyed perfectly good leftovers that way	2
Pareto principle, 20% of the work done gets you 80% results.	4
Given [NAME] viability prior to the 2016 election, I think the viability bar is set pretty damn low.	9
Yikes, what a loony bird.	3
Thanks a [NAME]	15
Because its the internet and people are bored. Its not kids, its full grown adults and you know it. Unbunch your panties.	10
There was a time I said the same thing about Zucker. Hope there's something to that.	20
Not surprising since about 85% of all dating relationships end in a break up.	25
Did either of those places declare independence out of the blue? No.	6
Here we go. What’s wrong with them.	3
I think I will try to push through, I guess I can always drop a class or two if it’s too much and even take a break 	20
Not funny....	3
I dropped him around week 6 and let somebody else deal with that headache	3
Ik was more curious with our communities opinion	7
Once you pop, you can’t stop Wait a minute...	22
Furry btw so why don’t you take yourself also	7
Let's watch impractical jokers!	8
VUC YOU IDIOT!!!!	2
Dude I love these	18
I’m positive he’s going to leave her	20
not at all lol. me and my friends are makeout sluts though	1
I hope [NAME] bullies wittle baby [NAME] tonight, like he did last year!	8
look at [NAME] over here.. of course it alone won't fix our financial problems lol	1
And I thought they smelled bad on the outside!	11
Even if you think me and him aren't soulmates, youve gotta be pretty sad to think soulmates don't exist. 	25
Must be nice	20
get blood orgies out of our ideology thanks	15
Those boots look very warm but I can't imagine wearing them inside. She does look cool though	4
liberals are filthy animals	3
Already taken haha	1
It has been a good snow and bad avalanche season in the rockies. Haha, thin and tight, just how i like‘em.	1
Underrated comment.	11
Been scoring big on the Groudons.. caught 4 so far. Edit: no, no shinys yet. I've had the worst luck with shinys in this game	25
"I didn't know that kind of ""full-tang"" existed. Good to know. "	20
Bringing it up now because you and many like you made this sub a hostile environment for voices of reason. Eat crow.	3
According to what?	6
Is there much of a population? I wanted to play it back in The day and then they changed it into an almost entirely new game.	7
I very much appreciate it.	0
As a [NAME], this very relatable	4
Trouser maidens 😂 omg I love it.	18
I'm also happy you're still here!!	17
If it's legal where you live, then it doesn't really matter what anyone thinks.	5
I wanna see [NAME] get in [NAME] face like this	8
Air traffic controllers are responsible for 100,000x the amount of lives. Should they be getting paid more? I'm not sure this is the best argument to make. 	6
Yeah, people die in civil wars. Stop.acting like the [NAME] are just killing [NAME] while spouting made up numbers	2
Mmm ... Chicken milk.	13
Have either of you or anyone else in your newsroom faced personal threats because of your work on this project?	7
All these soldiers taking a load of their feet... I feel ashamed for my homeland !!	12
W-what a great audience	0
My pride. I'm like a roach, unsightly to look at but determined to survive 	21
Can’t wait to see my IG page blow up with it smh	7
Sorry to say OP but it seems his IQ is indeed higher than yours.	25
I actually did have a girl a few towns away in a different school and no one knew her. No one believed me at first :(	9
Wow. In real time we have it in action. You lack any degree of self awareness.	13
Points. I envy your luck! My matches generally range from 10k-29k :/	8
I am so relieved	23
There's also the possibility of mold growing between the skin flaps. That's why some very pbese people can smell like rotting cloth.	4
I do know a few fellows who didn't get accepted until a full month after. Just chill until then. Good luck!	5
Welcome! :)	15
Damn. Low tech bait bike	3
I'm gonna be brave and tickle the cop.	1
If that were my car the spare would be flat too, so at least you've got that going for ya.	20
Holy crap, what happened to that guy?	7
Goddamn I’m excited about this football team!	13
Ok this actually happened to me when I was one bloodthirsty away from getting gold on my MX9	22
That's right nearby. Thanks!	15
But hey, at least it saves us the trouble of contacting them!	23
Thanks that's very helpful because I can't seem to decifer all of the levels of irony in some posts on this subreddit haha.	15
Literally all I wanted was some sort of evidence and somehow I’m wrong...? You’re too stupid to be real.	3
Japan shouldn't have attacked the USA.	10
Would breaking her jaw and hands be out of line? She couldn’t call or text, what a shame. 	2
I think [NAME] does a great job! Can't believe she's 56...she looks amazing!	0
What in the West Virginia is this?	7
Happy Another Day random strangers!	17
Aw man this isn't bad, and they're so proud of it. I could imagine them selling a variety of these, people love quirky jewelry.	0
It was a poor choice of words.	10
hope they had fun in the snow!	20
I sleep alone on the floor. That was a bad idea...	24
ME TOO HE IS MY FAVORITE KILLER TO GO UP AGAINST [NAME] FROM NURSE!	0
"I'm more worried about him scamming children than ""oNLY"" scamming them into thinking they'll get $100."	14
Worrying what other people think is what collectivists have brainwashed you to think and feel. You are just a coward making excuses for your cowardice.	19
Damn I was about to go out tonight.	9
Sorry man [NAME] doesnt care about hard working [NAME]. Sad	25
That's the best line in the entire show for me.	0
Nah. I just need to stop answering before I go to bed. Got the post and the replies mixed up in a sleepy haze.	10
It’s not so much that I enjoy money and more that I do enjoy scamming people.	17
Who’s vid is This?	7
Can't help but feel that going down 3-0 is nerves and fear of playing someone with [NAME] mythology. AO to [NAME] is like RG to [NAME]	14
That's awful. But I am proud of you for calling him out.	11
One of he most useful things I’ve read on this site as a medical student. Thank you very much.	15
Because people hate freedom	2
Great news. Thanks for sharing Crunk! Donated...	15
I feel so guilty that this picture exists. I feel like I need to donate to charity after this.	24
YOU DON'T GET TO JUDGE ME!	2
I'm too scared to start Black Mirror because it honestly seems like we might not be that far off from some of it.	14
This is a great idea. I'd even figure out where my printer ended up after I moved and set it up for this.	0
You must be new to character ranking threads if you think I'm *genuinely* upset at some random person's worthless opinions.	5
My bad, I guess I should've read the whole thing, from opiate yes 	24
Thank you. That was driving me crazy. I thought her response would actually be her correcting him.	15
I’m hoping I can find a stream of [NAME] doing the play by play!	20
If you're beignet hunting I also love the ones at Just For You, in the Dogpatch.	18
I worry that as soon as VR and AR take off, it'll be the nail in the coffin and we will be trapped.	19
What a creepy mc creeperson. I hope he doesn't continue to try to contact you.	20
Definitely better than mine lol. Some good players on there.	1
The same here. It's hard to be alone, but not as hard as the eggshells and abuse.	4
Is this strictly Denver, or for the metro area?	7
You guys will be shocked to know it is another cut of the Ga Spa vid.	26
He is the best	0
[NAME], what? Why are you even here. Fuck off.	2
This is everything! Congrats for being brave, cause I know I wouldn't be. Keep us posted on what happened	0
I mean just let it go and assume things aren’t going to work out. Drop it, so to speak.	10
Thanks, and play ball!	15
My bad if I just leaked /u/keypuncher and /u/ibiteyou 's Christmas card photo...	24
cheers friend. same thing happened to me 2 days ago. hazzah!	17
Sorry, the two different names made me thing those were two different places. ^ ^;	24
After Ohtani, I can't bring myself to believe any of these unverified twitter rumors again.	10
Why should I waste my time with that?	7
I did that, I asked for a white doctor and they gave me a list of black doctors.	3
love ya bro, i just love how positive you are!	18
I’m wondering if your church and bible study attendance lets her pretend you are [NAME].	7
UGH ME TOO! Eager to wake up with mania, any day now.	7
Yeah what a great sport!	0
I came back to work and I found the charlkboard like this. No idea how it got that way. Weird.	3
[NAME] got used to be my favorite character. This is embarrassing beyond any stretch of the imagination.	12
THIS is a good reply, and I have kids.	0
Poor [NAME]. One of the great men of our time getting destroyed by the courts. I hear he has to file for bankruptcy.	25
Self confidence I think and the fact that I’m scared if I do give all of myself to some that they won’t reciprocate.	14
I came in here to ask why he’d drive so far to see a movie about testicular torsion	7
Hey PBR is good ‘cheap’ beer tho.	0
I love this sort of thing, reminds me of when my dad took me to the SW special edition when I was a little kid.	18
Hmm I thought I was playing the game for fun and excitement and unlocking skins was just an added bonus	17
Not in Oregon anymore. They raised the legal age to buy smokes to 21, which, as a smoker, I think is a great idea.	0
"Welcome to the ""new"" normal"	15
She is a horrible person and that is what makes her so relatable in real life.	14
Or woman who would look beautiful without her glasses and ponytail.	0
It’s misleading. Better article:	9
One of my favorite post fight moments, [NAME] is a funny guy. 	18
thank you!	15
I can't pluck it, hurts too much. So every few days I shave a strand of hair on my chin.	25
Yas! Mom was done talking, wasn't she.	7
"Call me a [NAME] but I love saying that word. ""No."""	18
Ah. My misunderstanding. Yeah get rid of those but that isn't what the removed post was.	22
Hey [NAME], I'm [NAME] ! :) 	17
Okay, cool. Thanks.	15
Yeah, I can see how that can sound that way	4
But doing those things makes me feel so.... icky.	9
It's an mi5 threat to Ireland. Funny how [NAME] may wants to amend GFA the next day	1
This is where the fun begins.	1
That's a really good one too. I am pretty upset to learn how limited my vocabulary is	25
Why the fuck would you go for pizza, subs or pork rolls in texas?	2
According to you lol. MBTI could potentially be all of those things if applied correctly.	1
Don’t be so negative. Living like a medieval peasant is easy in today’s world.	4
Why couldn't we just carry our ending over to the next game?	7
LOL yes, this guy might not be too bright. 	1
Support the Sydney ~~Blues~~ Sixers. Loved that gaff last night.	18
Yikes. She sounds like she's one bad grade away from shooting up a synagogue.	11
Lots of community theaters have great programs. What part of the valley are you in?	7
nah, i know enough	4
[NAME] has a drive that [NAME] doesn't at all. He cares more about his hair than buying a house for his mom from what I have seen.	5
Maybe it should become a rule. Or a rule someone can't post his own website constantly. ;)	20
Hard to swallow pills. This sub is meh now	25
thank you guys!	15
Loving it too, has made me forget about BO4 & Destiny 2...so addicting! 	18
I am a 34-year-old lover of plushies. You are in good company, my friend.	0
At this point I am questioning your sanity, you compare a guy with 40/34 goal seasons to a kid who literally can't hit the net	10
Cause this isn't a woman its a dude :D	1
It definitely took a lot of research to figure everything out for myself, but I’m glad I was able to help ya!	0
How do you think she left her nose outside of the bucket? You think that's the way her smashed nose normally looks?	6
Very cute!	0
I hope you managed to skunk him, so he caught an aroma every time he moved. 	20
I'm divorcing my narcissistic ex and that book helped me so much!	0
While [NAME] lighter take on [NAME] in Justice League was questionable, I enjoyed him in BvS. Excited to see who takes on the cowl next.	17
Loving this guys game. So much more confident as the team lead	18
OMG!!	26
Wow interesting to hear how the cops responded. Glad they actually tracked the car down!	0
Isn't there a sub for tomorrow exact post?	6
I mean, you're the one rationalizing for what essentially amounts to a presidential dictatorship.	3
HOLy SHIT I HAVE KADRI IN MY POOL	3
I completely agree, someone would take a flier on the kid.	4
That is really awesome you found something like that for him. Have a great time.	0
Not what I’ve been told. I don’t know at this point though.	6
ATM has scored only 27 goals in 19 games and have 38 points from it, frankly really outrageous. They keep shithousing a win.	3
WHAT A DISGUSTING START	11
Basically how I discovered I’m bi—	22
Eh happiness is just a fleeting fish in an ocean of emotion. You can catch it a few times but dont expect to live off it.	5
Self serving cowards.	3
never, because I actually married someone I wanted to be with l, and didn’t fucking betray their trust, unlike you arseholes 	2
I wonder if Belpedio will get a chance up here at some point.	26
Huh. Didnt know the HD edition had online multiplayer.	22
Well, my masochistic curiosity got the better of me. I've seen worse, but that's going on the blacklist for damn sure.	22
This is why I love this subreddit.	18
I joined the casuals on the couch and curled up in horror while watching this	14
Great start to the post-All-Star game part of the campaign!	0
That’s what I ended up doing lol	1
The projectiles are 1L bottles, so more cylinders than spheres. Does it make any difference? 	7
I'm not. He and I still thrive. I hope you're doing alright.	20
thats life lol	1
How do you get locked up by [NAME] lol	1
And then, in private, what do you think they jerk off to? Normal porn? Lmao.	1
She was HOPING she was gone!	8
How scary! She loves you! I hope you are ok.	14
Yeah, my mom would tell at and hit our family dog. She was a tiny little dog too. :(	25
I don't even wear a shirt in the day around the house. Way too hot.	3
For the most part yes.	4
What the actual fuck, does seeing something terrible prevent you from enjoying the entire rest of your life?	6
I'm too stupid to understand what you're saying	3
Understand their point of view, 13 IS too young. Imagine how they felt when they found out their innocent child was watching adult videos.	12
Which part of what I wrote sounds like a baseless claim? Could you clarify me, please?	3
It's an unfortunate situation, but it had to be done at some point.	20
Of course. I'm curious as to why you'd think it was a bad sign?	7
Oh yeah, it's really dehumanizing to have respect for people's private property and not steal it from them whenever we feel like it...	3
Like [NAME] [NAME] yes but [NAME] [NAME] is super nasty. Whoever wrote the dialogue for classified needs to be fired cause it’s makes me wince	10
Let’s learn to love our neighbors like the [NAME] learned in Rome	4
I really want to know what restaurant this is. I'm picturing Fino for some reason.	7
For me it is unwatchable after the greatness of the LD seasons.	3
it sounds like a huge pain in the ass to use compared to current systems in place though.	25
>cold, dead butt Ah, so it's laughter. Laughter is what kills me. 	17
Sorry to burst your bubble, but winners write history and since leave won ... */dodges incoming tomato*	24
Thanks. Ive edited to include the Prophet SalAllahualaihi wasallam. i meant 'people' as in the general people in our lives.	15
this video makes me sad	25
^ I find both creepy tbh.	3
Who the fuck leaves a hot iron on the couch	2
Enjoyed pulling moves, if you can find it. Was a comedy very Belfast centric though. 	17
She’s like a kewpie doll with them. Precious.	0
Sure they'd love that	18
Funny way to oppose fascism - since they are themselves fascists	1
thanks for your help, it looks like i'm just gonna have to use the ole noggin for this project	15
That was a beautiful shirt	0
Wow, I wish we had info on which counties have it the worst. Was that in the article?	8
Sadly no, but I hear it comes with a sweet bottle opener! And you can't spell Bottle Opener without Lebron.	25
Seconded! [NAME] is gorgeous.	0
I see it the other way. He thinks he’s a hero for shutting down the govt. But I hope I’m wrong.	20
Don't make me cry...P.S. Happy cake day!	17
These rich fucking senators are completely out of touch with reality. Eat. The. Rich.	3
plz pm the telegram group thanks	15
I don't see how my reply was whataboutism when my point of contention is directly related to the point.	10
Even if she was 25 this would have been weird and creepy af.	12
Thanks [NAME], I could unclench two minutes earlier.	15
Praying for you to find peace soon, man. 	5
YOU SUFFER ON YOUTUBE WITH THE REST OF US.....or you buy their CDs and rip em onto the computer <3	3
Lmao my jaw dropped when she started talking about that stuff with her friend	1
I mean hes been coat tailing, might as well make it obvious	4
I love cowboy.	18
He literally looks like a potato	1
One time a lady got mad at me because her White Zinfandel was.......pink	1
She hasn't even fully moved out yet and I feel the same way. I'm sorry. I know how awful it feels.	3
lol @ the dude lying down in the hut at 2:12	17
How long have you two been together? Have you talked with your bf about any of these concerns?	7
Thank you, I needed this to vent my frustrations into 😆	15
This sounds an awful lot like a solicitation. In case it isn't, what you seek may exist but you'd probably have better luck with the lottery.	20
Thank you.	15
Love futurama.	18
Oh that's so sad	25
Damn.. fell for that one	3
This is dank what the hell	2
People deleting and stop caring IS THE REASON why artifact is under 2k players.	2
wouldnt like most of the pokemon fanbase be adults now tho	10
Don't forget the part where [NAME] doubts himself or goes off on his own and fails. Then [NAME] tells him how much she loves him and to run	5
They've been banned. We'd like to start leaving up more comments though so that threads actually make sense. Capitalists will always be banned.	4
How did this get upvoted? This is patently false.	10
Signing [NAME] and [NAME] is not fucking around? Lol	1
yeah. it's like you know something real bad is gonna happen at any time. that's why I never try to get my hopes up too much.	25
I'm betting you're 100% right. 😊🍻	4
Or perhaps we should look at the bigger problem: mental healthcare in the United States.	25
What a cool argument dude!! Lol. This coming from the worlds most empowered dater who can date anyone!! Stop age shaming.	1
"Read the poem ""To this Day"". I just read it. I liked it."	4
This is one of the best things I’ve read on Reddit Cheers to your perseverance	0
Intelligences? As foreseen unorganized by [NAME] himself? I also like nuglettes...	7
I get your point. But really, the low prices is just a trap to get more men in lookout for action. It's sad.	9
the truth is sexist, deal with it	4
How far down the rabbit hole do you want to go?	7
ha Ha HA	1
Yea I've heard this also so that's why I'm curious how well this one will last.	7
I put [NAME] on over the holidays...my family hated it. Freaking love his stand up though and he's pretty widely liked. My family is weird.	18
Thank you all for the insight.	15
Alright well nice discussion for sure. Think this just gave me an idea for r/changemyview so thanks for that.	15
No, just dont show off your books. 	3
Except you continue to lose calories well after you finish running...so way off	22
Interesting, thanks!	15
That was my favorite character... :’(	18
Yes, they do. It’s illegal to work for the Federal Government for free. Contractors aren’t Federal Employees. 	4
Maybe we'll just stop moderating for a while to celebrate TWOW.	17
Nope. Has been and still is my favorite	0
I love the holiday overlay for The Haunted Mansion.	18
Wow [NAME] retained NO combat skills from the time he was [NAME] to help him fight Cicada at that bar	26
If men were that aggressive we’d be arrested and then slammed publicly and socially. Lives ruined for a moment of drunken stupor.	2
Careful, it's hot 	5
Haha well thank you so much! You've been the only person to say that	15
I love going to a diner and eating in a booth by myself.	18
The percentages Apple wants for membership have made many companies pull their apps. Seeking must feel it's not worth paying Apple.	10
Yeah no way random bubbling would get them the highest score. Even in a 50 question test the odd would be ridiculously low	10
You're 105 years out of date. Please update your beliefs to the current version of the Constitution.	3
Why did she get married if she did not love him? Aren't you afraid the same thing wil happen to you?	14
Yeah me, I'm blaming my medication tho.	10
I don’t know who [NAME] is and, at this point, I’m too afraid to ask.	14
Try being a Cubs fan in the Bay Area. I was walking on thin ice in 2016 haha.	1
Ok sure that’s a nice unfounded opinion you’ve got there. Unless you’ve been in one in which case wow sorry	10
Thanks mate.	15
Nothing wrong with striving. Forcibly making people is though.	4
I'm sorry you poop your pants every time someone mixes those words up.	25
I use one every time I park and you just replied to me. so this is a bit awkward.	12
Oh don’t worry, I have an oil for that	5
Alright bud, I'll be sure to do that on my nearest panic attack. Cheers	4
Thanks for all the replies! Not much of a public speaker, but can manage...hopefully lol	15
Ok nice opinion dude. Do you have any sources??	4
haha thats an option	1
Marlboro picked up [NAME] and are phasing out the njoys.	17
Nope but nice try. Nothing to do with the TH case.	0
I wouldn’t cause I already know my area so well I don’t want other drivers with that knowledge	10
[NAME] combat is terrible and the only reason I don’t play it anymore	14
Beyond nightmare!!	14
How he ups the tone along with his eyes to desperation at the end is just hilariously amazing.	1
Ah, info not previously known. Knowing that, I probably would’ve done the same. 	22
Stop saying that ? Makes my tummy upset 🤢🤮	2
I was eating watching tonight's episode. OMG I never will again. You all know what I mean. The opening scene!!!	26
Yep [NAME] and BIG for the next two seasons will be so fun to watch	1
Some of the problems I noticed afterwards, I love the car. The experience not so much. 	18
"""Even if that were true, do you think it justifies not trying at all?"""	6
This is about as close as I can get to singing IRL. It's fun.	17
the trend was that i didn't really like any of them. Turns out i was just desperate.	10
I can’t believe he’s playing the live action sonic the hedgehog	26
I don’t know, I think we all just blunder through. 	6
There's a lot like that though: I don't think so.	6
I like you	18
It's better for the future to suck and draft top 5 than be mediocre and draft 12th?	20
in a free society you'd never know if a woman had an abortion, so there's that.	4
Well damn I guess I timed this post pretty well lol	1
Jewel mint by Pod Juice for sure is the closest thing to mint pods. Don't know anyone who has replicated menthol yet.	7
That escalated quickly.	22
Yeah, he knows about my mental health and how bad it cam get, we've tried all the things that have worked in the past 	25
Omg like if you read this in 2019😂	18
this is so true!	4
Calm down kid jeez	5
This WILL work for you [NAME]!! I have hope for you bro!!	20
I sent that link to my girlfriend, whom I met on Tinder lol	1
That’s pretty neat	0
My sister did Blue Apron and loved it.	18
No you pick a different hero. Aint fkn rocket science.	10
Second, you accuse everyone who didn't ignore you of being a Russian propaganda poster	3
I'm from Wisconsin. I don't understand your question.	6
Fair enough.	0
Congratulations on your sobriety! A years worth of sobriety might be why the rum is gone 😉 I appreciate the suggestion.	0
I usually say 8.5, cuz there's a good chunk of 9 that's really good but some REALLY bad	4
That’s awesome news! Welcome to the family!	17
I wish I could buy them I am here in Florida gets harder each day to find them	8
Just making a joke from The Office. My bad haha	1
Sorry to disappoint, we are working very hard as employees to turn this thing around. Hopefully we can change your mind in the future. 	20
Followup comment that not-so-subtly requests gold by feigning ignorance or pandering to the pathos of uninspired premium redditors.	3
I'm a firm climate change believer but jeez that was painful to read. Sorry, this is far from bestof	25
Wish I had something better for you but best of luck to you, this situation sucks 	8
i dont think you guys understand it at all tbh.	3
No, it's just that OP made that part up. The article didn't say anything about femenists.	10
That sounds really interesting.	13
You're a bad person, but a great [NAME].	0
I have seen some terrible minion stuff, I thought I've seen the worst of the worst. I was wrong...I was horribly wrong.	11
His other stuff is considerably more intense. His shows are pretty incredible.	0
SATURDAY! SATURDAY! SATURDAY!	13
I agree it seemed very odd the whole live stream...	4
Oh no, not again! 	10
You see what I mean . This is still bullshit that people won't expect that fact the alcohol and cigarettes harm your body more than weed does	4
I wish I could give it to you. I've always had negative comments.	8
It's been 2 hours since OP posted the comment, hope OP alright	4
You sweet summer child...	4
This entertained me far more than it should have. If I had gold to give...	1
I agree 100%	4
I TOOK TOO MUCH OF A RISK IM SORRY	24
I love cars, but bullshit on different laws for different people 	18
As far as I know that’s why the military loves it. Plus the [NAME] use it for food occasionally.	18
Same.. I wonder why we catastrophize over these minor things so much and others seem to be able to forget them..	26
Seems like you're another guy who hates legion ;D	2
"Lol ""not sure what I'm going to do."" Maybe stop digging through people's trash and judging it?"	7
Group of guys with full auto guns? Na, bow and arrow guy wins again!	4
I’ve had to remove fallen trees on snowy roads because the forest service is not working as much. Shits a little fucked.	3
Very sad. It’s the child I feel for most.	25
We don't undervalue him, almost any and all experts thing he is just not worth his contract.	10
Her upper lip always looks terrible - such an easy fix, can’t believe she is so vain and never bothers to wax 	12
Thank you, you are blessed	15
I'm confused	6
Roger that thanks	15
Haha I love this. I used to give mine phone books and my room would look just like this in a matter of hours. Crazy.	18
There is no way around it :(	25
Wow, foot and car traffic downtown has changed a ton in just 8 years. 	26
This country is an absolute shithole. Our police are no better than the filth they should be catching!	2
Those are some pissed off lookin Nucks	11
the worse part is you might be crazy yourself and have no idea!	10
I love this.	18
..... That would seem like the ultimate way to get rejected and never spoken to again.	3
No. These are the people who loved someone with BPD, but got used/abused/abandoned by them. It's mostly romantic relationships. Family tends to be on r/raisedbyborderlines. 	10
Is this the go-to battle cry now of anyone The Left disagrees with or supports [NAME]? A Russian Agent? Give me a break.	7
I literally do not like this	10
Should tell the people at 4chan. They will help you forget this	20
BANG motherfucker!	2
Thank you for your help my friend	15
At this point, I am completely convinced that you are either a bot, or an unconvincing alt account. Prove me wrong.	6
I didnt even recognize [NAME]!!!	26
Yep. That will do it. Glad to hear the message finally sank in. Rehabilitation is the key to fighting recidvism.	4
Unfamiliar with **[NAME] neighbours** Still I live at least 75' from 2 very nice quiet and respectable peeps.	4
She sounds hideous.	11
thanks! yeah a bit, wrote for my college paper last semester but thinking about doing more	15
Enfp male here, I would love to find an INTJ girl and see if it works, which people tell me it could! 	18
He's been great since his first snap as a [NAME]	0
What the hell is going on at Getty Images?	2
This is exactly what I told him. I went the fuck off. Lol	1
Yup, Telltale was good. Until 2016.	0
Awesome pic!	0
The same comedy bit [NAME] has disavowed because it's used almost exclusively in circumstances like this? It's an awful and weak explantation.	9
I'm surprised they've gone this long not knowing [NAME] swears a lot.	26
I love how this boxy things is made to scare (common every show use that joke) but the queens is not scare at all.	18
Hurr durr, put well regulated back in the constitution. Ok [NAME] the fucking [NAME].	3
When you're accustomed to privilege equality feels like oppression.	3
White Oleander is such a great book, I haven't thought about it for years!! Adding it to my kindle to re-read.	0
Breast? Ah, I like it.	18
Thank you so much :)	15
How long a brain can keep its consciousn when blood pressure and flow is zero?	7
So every interaction with a dumb or crazy person is news?	7
Him being in prison (if these useless people and their story is real) HIV and Hep C should be a concern for her.	5
another one of those chicks sacrificing her children for a man and 'happiness'	25
And suddenly the UK join doesn't look so bad.	4
Hey, I love you! 😁	18
I love you both	18
>fail at reading comprehension >Other guy must be a troll ¯_(ツ)_/¯	10
Or you could y'know just be a nice person and respect other people's opinions and likes? ^Since ^you ^clearly ^have ^plenty ^of ^your ^own	0
And I clapped. So hard.	0
Cool shot. Super wide angle, multi shot?	7
I adore this. It gave me so many chills of happiness!	17
because it's fun	17
I sure hope so! Smug bastards!	2
Yo creep, please get help!	5
Thanks cool sub	15
Oh you're MGTOW. Lmao.	1
Yeah, series of holes like that make me uncomfortable and this picture has popped up in my head too many times since I first saw it. 	3
Not sure if I'm having a woosh moment or you think I meant something else...	6
I made this a 41 from a 42, so satisfying!	0
Ah man, so many memories of those skits	17
Just for the sake of accuracy, is there a citation for this quotation. It is spicy, but I can’t bother to check right now.	7
[NAME]? (joke)	7
Technically it’s the abdomen. Stomach and belly are just informal synonyms. That girl is a racist and an idiot.	2
You get closure by blocking her on your phone and all social media. She dumped you. It's over.	2
Show me where jokes about (real) murdered children was acceptable in the past.	2
Get well soon, my man! Keep representing la isla! 🇵🇷	5
"you said that he said ""women shouldn't be allowed in the workplace"" which is dishonest and false"	10
I love you	18
Happy Daily Peko #270! Source couldn’t be found I think it’s from the manga.	17
Yup, it's pretty funny to know we technically use the metric system.	1
And I'm happy we all agree it's deathcore.	17
Congratulations! Your kids are very lucky to have a strong and positive parent :)	0
Such lovely humans here. Have fun with that type of attitude	18
omg, poor little bean 	25
His wrists are too small ☹️	25
Imagine your daughter running away from home. I think that's a pretty terrifying idea without some murderer or mystic horror	14
If you don't patent, then don't complain	10
His tail?	6
If I fail, I still have some experiences with tracking down people. Might come in handy if I ever want to work for the police :P	20
Happy Birthday!!	13
I'm so triggered!!!!!!! Please stop you are hurting us with your comments!?!?!?!?!?	9
actually pretty hot tho	0
I don't believe that there's any justification for an authoritarian government.	10
Could you imagine? That would be so terrible for viewers. 😂	14
I was joking about a broader trend I've noticed.	1
I can appreciate that but snitches get stitches unfortunately	0
And only $300+ a night, beautiful but expensive.	0
Exactly. But beyond the surprise factor, the execution was perfect.	4
It’s a shame we have to face the islanders so soon	12
I wonder what a hug would feel like a lot too.	26
Or, [NAME] is upset we aren't in the playoffs.... You know. He only really cares about winning ..	5
Dad's Army! Lol!	1
What a gutsy, huge win. This might be the most important win of the year thus far	0
Wait is that [NAME] head in the up next?	7
Does you guys remember brutal left hand by the hitman hearns against [NAME]	7
You monster! Think of the children!	2
And then there was the on who grabbed mom’s breast and tried shoving ot onto the ba y’s mouth.	3
>If you can’t recognize bad acting like [NAME] emotional scenes, Oh please. Why are you even on this sub? Lol	3
Have you talked to your boyfriend about your feelings?	7
I came here to say basically the same thing. Too much talent and positional flexibility to have a standard lineup.	0
Haha enjoy your life sweaty. Haha	1
9. Some of us just don’t like fucking dogs. Fuck off. Stay away from me.	2
What’s all this meow?	3
We just had a teacher do that at my school. I don't know who wiped the kids butts though	6
I don't like [NAME] she is not relevant to the series.	10
>image management issue Seriously?! I must have missed that.	6
Chocolate hazelnut croissants were the bomb!	13
I'm amazed people read BuzzFeed articles.	26
Happy cake day bro... or ma'am. You have to see this to really take it in.	17
Here we go, ya'll ready for WW3...this time we're the baddies! 	13
Hurts donuts are dry. i love the toppings and suffer through the bottom 90% of the donut, really not worth it. 	10
“Jinkies, unmasking the monster is such a pain... Nyeeeeeeeeh~.”	25
Imagine what hed be like if he was actually very rich lol	1
Besides the fact that's it's funny she also looks like me witch makes it .5% funnier	1
Where did he ever want to nuke women's rights? Could you provide me with a source	7
That isn't the ideal female body nor is it /fit/ That's a fetish	10
I am surprised Facebook can't detect a non mobile device and redirect to the normal page.	26
I wish that too 😢	8
He's a sexist piece of shit regardless so	3
Probably because it mentioned [NAME] but idk. It's just was a harmless joke lol.	1
It's seriously terrifying!	14
How does ones SO even go through your ph ? Mine is locked with a pass code and a finger print	6
This sent shivers down my spine	14
[NAME] is bae, how dare you.	2
No, the best thing is to do cool stuff with care. That's what science is. You don't learn if you don't do stuff.	0
Damn perfect 👌	0
I couldn't reply to the message I got the other day	19
That's so good to hear and I know stress/anxiety is a factor but idk how to get rid of it, glad for you though.	17
That [NAME] part killed me!	9
Me too.. which left me conflicted about how to feel.	4
I'd be honored	0
Punchy is Life <3	17
I like the way your mind works.	18
I'm surprised he didn't say it was *almost* an inside job	26
thank you i’ll focus on education and just bettering myself to the best	15
No lie his jumpshot is pretty If he can hit those 3x more in-game, oh my god; [NAME] for [NAME] straight up	0
I hope it doesn’t get worse	20
Happy birthday, [NAME]!	17
It’s pretty embarrassing to see a grown man be taken down by a dog when the man outweighs the dog by a lot lmfao	12
Tribe member? They aren't native so that's annoying. To me, because I am. 	3
Thank you. You too.	15
Hey, I get your point of view. I appreciate the explanation. :)	0
You’re awesome! :)	0
The biggest cringe is actually all the people commenting she's a man	14
I was justing humming Spin Light to myself before picking up my phone amd seeing this meme. Deja is such a classic, maybe my all time favorite album	18
You are an awesome partner.	0
isnt that halloween or like easter, man people are weird	10
There's literally nothing wrong with it except you being worried about the purity of your partner like c'mon.	10
Oh noo! You are the best dog owner :)	0
There are worse things!!!:	11
Eh, not sure we shoulda fired [NAME]. [NAME] was regarded as one of the best for quite a long time. 	0
Oh that's right they just came back from the vacation. This is a vacation business trip. What a fuckin' joke.	1
I blame [NAME] for this series of unfortunate events	3
The remix is funny man.	1
21 year old here! I had always wondered when I would feel like an adult... according to this thread looks like it never happens	26
Also it’s YOU’RE a fucking stupid moron. Thank u.	15
DAYUM!!!!! This post is lit AF. Got some verbal geniuses on this one.	0
Just take it easy son.	5
I’m sorry on behalf of all the idiot guys. They didn’t take my class. How Not to be Creepy 101.	24
It would be faster then light travel	4
Yep. Lots of younger generation are obsessed with their phones and emotionally rocky tend to engage in this behavior, especially women with their whole Instagram obsessions.	9
i don';t know about that, it's probably aliens.	6
"Don't ""neg"" the university (or any university) and don't write about doing illegal, unethical, or immoral activities. "	10
I could honestly just go without intermission interviews altogether.	4
yeah, it's basically Hillsong with sugary shakes pretending to be food. 	4
I think this is my favourite one ever.	18
Typical Lebronsexual garbage channel. Don't watch video.	10
"I love his calls even when things get ""pear-shaped"""	18
He said great investment definitely not lost is this sub going to get back on track. Just because a post is bad doesn't mean they're lost.	4
I would just beat up someone I really hate, my brother.	2
Respect for the person to let you know upfront.	0
This guy seems like a real genius.	0
It does lol If you delete it off your phone it wouldn’t trace your estimated location unless it’s active on it	1
League wants an LA team to finally work so bad	9
>Bad request. this is some dank-tier meme that I'm not authorised to see, thanks [NAME]!	3
Skeptical approach, always lol	1
Oh? Why'd it reply here not the comment? Did i mess something up?	6
I think its hilarious that you can't seem to understand the joke of the headline.	1
Thanks, didn't know that	15
This is one of the most entertaining posts I've seen in a long time. Got a little adrenaline surge when he jumped. Wow.	0
Funny they put her between [NAME] and [NAME] as well.	1
It doesn't justify singling one guy out when the whole team played bad. Even [NAME] had a bad game.	9
But if I want the objective control how do I go about it in the early game where respawn are fast?	6
Ah, yeah. That's the trouble with anywhere that isn't London/NYC, especially if you speak English.	4
BEHOLD THE GREAT GRAIN [NAME] BECKONS US TO ITS CHAMBER! FOLLOW ME MY FELLOW BIRDS INTO THE ABYSS!	2
used to be some rowdies in phx, hope people are putting together a response to this...	20
Indiana resident here: fuck this state.	3
I wonder if it's a deal issue and they are allowed, again, to slip away in the last minute.	26
Great thread for more humblebrags. Can't have enough on this sub	0
First- damn what a block Secondly- that was a really smart timeout there. Expected a prayer shot.	0
LOL that would be way better	1
Hopefully this loss rejuvenated him. Im a conor fan, and even though I like khabib as well I admire some of his older philosophies 	0
Ok but how is that a jerk he’s not pushing anyone off their chair	6
It says new, but I feel like they should call it 'used.'	3
It’s beautiful hun	0
Broad city is my favorite. I need a BFF like them	18
Hmm, I had no idea that eating spiders gave dogs that ability.	6
I'm very confused by this comment. I'd do it for $2500/mo.	6
[NAME] loves (the taste of) people	18
What's wrong with your cousin.	7
"You are also church people. Just ask her out ""Hey my relationship is open and you seem awesome, can I take you out for coffee?"""	0
Dude I hope you get help and get clean again. Best of luck to you.	20
I know I'd love him when he joined but there's a part of me that just doesn't even want him	18
why cant gifs not have sound? thats for youtubes are for.	7
Well I'm scared as shit let's hope for the best, benz should be back(?)	14
And people try to hold that against [NAME] when they should hold that against the Packers organization and Front Office...Their Front Office stopped trying, not [NAME].	10
[NAME] pnr play has not been good, they are defending jok and letting him get to the rim	10
I think she looked perfect beforehand. They're just too big!	0
Looks very dry	10
This is the funniest thing I’ve seen today	1
I cant’t stand mint flavored toothpaste. That’s how much I hate mint.	11
Thanks ill try those things. I have access to adhd meds but i began losing a kit of weight with my chronic illness too	15
Multiplayer guys got shafted too. It's sucks, but at least there's some new content.	3
I'm just reminding everyone. you're not helping the situation by being pedantic	10
I like that, and the baby laughs at the duck so it makes it cute rather than annoying :)	0
Woah, woah, woah. You're trying to tell me that elites have a stranglehold in a country with an *actual* aristocracy?! 	26
Considering that the majority of people who play poker still open limp, I'm surprised these posts aren't more common.	26
I only watched a few episodes, but I loved that guy.	13
Its not the best state But its better than most states.	0
Yeah I was hoping for age 30+ stories, still interesting to hear other people’s experiences though!	7
So you’ve known each other a while, but how close are you?	7
Omg I had to crank my tv because I thought it was just low volume	26
Oh fucking come on	3
[NAME] damnit, have your upvote 	2
Pistons gonna have to part with something the fans don't wanna give up. Haha	1
SUFFER MORTALS!	2
Sorry I should have said army.	24
You're welcome. I'm always up for providing ammo for fighting the narrow minded and religiously intolerant.	15
WOW HOLY SHIT	26
I understand it but still can't ask questions. I am too afraid	14
Which makes zero sense lol	1
Montreal is a beautiful city	0
My entire body aches now	25
I wish I could forget	8
If you are not going to kick him out, then don't complain. It is all your choice	2
All without a red circle, color me impressed.. 	0
He gave his 20 year old ex herpies dumped her and she killed herself. He’s an awful person	11
Am I the only one who is glad I saw this meme? I mean I'm officially traumatized, but still.	7
plumlee is such a bully. i love it	17
Whenever I have felt it would work. I wasn't always right but it never hurt to ask.	9
Dude looks like a lady	4
Yea! But I realize now I was referring to the wrong movie.	22
Sweet! I'm a Packers fan in Winnipeg. Really hoping to catch a game there next season.	20
Damn [NAME] let himself go	3
Thank you. Message me.	15
I hope we trade [NAME] for something so I can go cheer for [NAME] on a better team.	20
I feel personally attacked. Every time one little thing happens, part of me just collapses inside.	25
Obviously a flying monkey somewhere. What a nightmare that guy is. I'm glad you cut him out of your life.	4
That one is much better.. you win :(	4
My shirt is [NAME]. My balloon popper is the DNC. And then [NAME] is the fire under my ass to dive deeper ever day.	3
Well sure his one appearance in relief lost us a game, but at least he didn’t get hurt. 	23
As much as I like [NAME] and want him to score so many (hes a speedy mofo) I think that this would be a good trade for sure	4
He is probably taking it slow to change thinks. I just hope that he is not an actual fan of [NAME] system. That would be a disaster	20
"This is stupid, if it is ""standard"" within mega budget movies, what is Lucasfilm excuse not to be prepared? "	3
As long as he knows [NAME] won’t take his shit lol	3
Congratulations on your relationship! I got a girlfriend too! She is imaginary right now but hopefully she will materialize soon enough!	20
Nah, I think it's being as dull as a butter knife.	10
looks like your fake autism you used to use for attention still has its side effects :/	3
Nobody likes you	10
Lmao, I have actually seen this happen at a [NAME] gig, so yeah, probably true.	4
She has a PINK semi?? Wow! Impressive!	0
Nah, she cute dawg. 	0
Im really sad, and there is alot more goin on but i dont know how to tell it.	25
Have you talked to him about it and made it clear he understands where you are coming from?	7
This is a beautiful reply with advice that is spot on.	0
...silly walks	3
Was he in your butt?	7
"Don't you have a cashier to hassle somewhere? Go find something without a price tag and then tell them ""I guess it's free!"""	7
these [NAME] impersonators are getting terrible	10
Mind boggling. Truly. This is the same deal SHE negotiated. Why didn't she find out if her party would back it BEFORE she signed it?	0
Roses - still gives me goosebumps till this day	17
It's some freaky stuff for sure!! How legitimate do you speculate the experiments are?	7
"I agree. You can support a cop getting some pushback from a prole without supporting the one doing said ""pushback""."	4
Only 22? Weak.	19
Why all the downvotes? It's a fucking pizza thread?	2
I see why magic fans want [NAME] off their team.	22
[NAME] clan needs some fucking therapy.	11
Not sure what people expect from high school dropouts	6
Woord stay safe and have fun my friend. That’s a good find haha	1
Can you explain to me what SW BRT means?	7
I didn’t think about that side of it, thanks!	15
Brave move. Congrats and best of luck.	15
I'm a parent and am telling you that dude is sad and insecure as fuck.	4
So, you literally grew up in a barn?	7
Honestly [NAME] is just enjoying his 350k and sits at home to play Fortnite ar this point. He’s done for	17
Be careful with this weed	5
Imagine if [NAME] had got a service fault twice on match point?!	7
Fucking hell...	2
That helps. I would've never guessed you'd style mannequins.	26
Poor fella just got his arms out of plaster and we’re already making fun of him	1
I'm not a [NAME]. Can someone explain this to me?	7
It could be how depression is effecting you but i don't think it's crazy	5
Yeah I think you understood my issue then	4
Oof thank you	15
But not to the folks screwing him at the gas department.	10
Im so hype for this game, ive been waiting for this for awhile	13
Very sad. People like this are ruining Aus.	25
But we love how they enslave, rape and decimate civilizations in the name of [NAME]. You guys just don’t get it and are probably racist. 	2
You have inspired someone to create something that is liked by others. Is v nice feel.	0
My alarm is for 8. Thank you very much!	15
I like to laugh	4
> Religion Lol the cowardice that you won't say '[RELIGION]'.	1
Thanks for clarifying; I've never heard this (it's not a pejorative where I live) so it's good to know.	15
Uh oh. Ummm, I need to take care of something.	5
If this is true, then we should be having kids out the ass	20
Nobody forced [NAME] to take [NAME] over [NAME], if he liked him that much then he should’ve just taken him.	3
Similarly, the Library of Congress is open and is absolutely beautiful. It's free and I highly recommend it even when the Smithsonian's aren't closed.	0
I hope for your sake you don't include Frazzles in your ostracising.	20
No that's communism not socialism. There's a difference between them.	10
Needed that. A [NAME] ridiculous play is a game changer	4
Do you think he is guilty or innocent, no need to use triple and quadruple negatives here	10
One can only hope	20
Good deeds don't buy off being shitty. This is why [NAME] is remembered as a monster.	9
I hope xe had a nice talk with the premier	20
So that’s what it looks like when it’s not a flop	20
Lmaoooo how’d you miss him that close 😂 sweet justice	1
Today I saved lots and lots of people from being raped by me. Now I really *do* feel created in [NAME] image.	21
Yeah, but I just don't want to pay for a full blown wedding, those can get expensive.	4
The general rule is that [NAME] is talking rubbish whenever he opens his mouth.	3
This was amazing	0
I just don't like our options in the off season.	10
im surprised you didnt try to go over her head to the owner or did he just not care about what the new GM was doing?	26
Great, now this song will be stuck in my head for the next 2 weeks. 	0
Agreed. Was just pointing out the rules to OP.	4
Happy cake day friend	17
Lol oh shit everyone turn around	1
😂 I get excited when I see a profile OLD for a state employee.	13
I'm worried he's too small. I love his quickness, but sub-170 is scary for a guy that'll be running over the middle.	19
Arghh! There's a dinosaur loose in your house! A dinosaur with Tippex eyes.	14
I don't think we can beat capitalism, but there is a lot of progress to be made. 	20
I'm afraid you have your terms mixed up -	14
How did Detroit quality for these trade exemptions? By sending 4 guys and acquiring only two in the [NAME] trade?	7
Awesome job!!	0
It's time to feel the fucking Bern, America. 	3
Aw how cute, the human garbage wants help. 	0
Yes, its from the song Ultimate by [NAME] (kinda of a hype/rap song)	4
What a fuckin n	2
Gotta love an environmentally friendly coaching staff.	18
Happy Wednesday night brother.	13
Islanders [NAME] says that given what happened yesterday we win this game 7-2 after a lackluster first period with a [NAME] hat trick.	20
Jurassic world fallen kingdom was awful after they left the island	11
Just got back,amd I realized that The Ducks are getting clutterfuckedd	22
I think it's weird that he didn't just wake you up and weirder that he didn't tell you until you noticed it was missing.	3
Asuelu nailed it.	0
I post on the the Donald you think I give a fat flying fuck?	3
She did mention she loves making costumes	18
Actually the chat is fairly centrist and there’s nothing wrong with having English as your second language	4
I agree, this subs being a little overly toxic about it	4
"I reject that [NAME] can't defend. Now his legs being gone, that might ""have legs"" "	10
Happy cake day!	15
I'm 100% sure you were punched in the face, but this was a good one	0
Pure unadulterated hatred. It’s disgusting.	11
No prob, glad you asked the question -- hope the response above helps fast-track folks like you who are interested in donating. 	20
Oh that’s funny!! Nothing better than someone with a pee fetish lmfao	1
Im not going to swear	10
What do you stop from trying until seeing if you truly can or not?	6
I hate when that happens.	3
those pictures of [NAME] are real, he's on Crashing and the way he looked in the premiere was just awful.	11
what in the actual fuck. why are they still driving?!?!??!!?! Love the kindness of the young dudes tho	0
Thank goodness.	15
Sadly I don't think even half the people who watched the game are gonna hear about that.	25
And that is what cognitive dissonance looks like. People do the craziest things when reality doesn't meet their expectations.	13
I cringe every time [NAME] is in a fast break because it usually ends with his shot getting spiked lol.	1
Didn't look that thick either...no snow....this was ending badly no matter what.	10
Not sure wether to downvote because it's bad, or upvotes because that's the point	6
Oh ok, so we're agreeing. I didn't see that last part where you put him at 22. My bad. :-)	4
[NAME] you’re such a shill for this FO it isn’t even funny anymore	1
My god, what is WRONG with people? So glad you’re okay, OP!!	23
Stafford Starford Starlord OMG!!!	13
Yes it is. But from what I've read it sounds like it was after the testimony and not one of the charges against him.	4
I thought it was like a fake url sorry	24
Your title is unnecessarily harsh towards the user. Re-submit with a better title.	3
It’s getting so annoying	3
"There's no such thing as ""toxic masculinity"" and it is a term used by bigots to hide their sexism."	4
Vanity is a sin, [NAME] wants us to hate our bodies	2
They're a clear example of what can go wrong when you marry ANYONE you don't really know, regardless of where they're from.	4
I've learned that guys are dumb and to not listen to them about women's beauty stuff🙄	22
That would be so nice to see	17
I once got one missing half a wafer. So delicious.	0
I don't even remember what I was thinking.	6
Waiting must be really boring	9
It's an underrated drama which just got snubbed on [NAME]	9
She looks so much better. She really is pretty.	0
came here to find the person who hasn’t seen this movie so i could feel bad for them	25
You're pointing at me You pointed first I'm signaling that's not pointing Stop pointing at me!	2
I'll try that but I'm thinking about going outside when it is unbearable to sleep. Also I'm scared of cold making me more sleepy.	14
Always on the back of my mind when that's the last thing I want.	3
I needed to hear this. I'm resigning my good paying FT soul sucking job to try something new. Wish me luck!	20
Oh man that title hurt my brain.	25
How dare you assume my mortality! >:O	2
Good, I need an hour to align my chakras for the impending stress 	0
It's not funny, but what do you mean?	7
Don't cry for me, Argentina.	25
Yeah, but ask how many people know who [NAME] is and how many people know who [NAME] is.	7
Wish a cute girl would stare at me.	8
Sorry for your loss. Thoughts and prayers.	24
Please make this happen. It works fine for Arizona. It will work fine here. Do it.	20
as a Ducks fan, this thread makes me sad...	25
It's probably an obvious answer, but it's bad around major cities and okay in the countryside.	4
Got to love the people who decry a two-colour view of the world by painting it all monochrome	18
If you can make a mini portal gun that would be awesome. But nonetheless, great work! 	0
Your definition of a body is whats entertaining, laughable really !	1
[NAME]’ ego has turned him into such a bully. He seems to get off lately on witch-hunting and encouraging his “sisters” to harass people.	2
I dated a girl once who made a gb with her cup holder. Dropped my phone in it once	12
It's my monthly luxury. I don't go to Starbucks or eat out, I instead go to Disney lol	1
Yea with [NAME] as a host right?	6
This is more what I was looking for, that’s how I figured it’d feel but I’m not super eager to find out 	13
> is not needed for dogs. Wrong. In *this* case it wasn’t. It very often is.	10
You really really summed that up. Perfectly actually.	4
>lox is optional How dare you put '[NAME]' in your flair! How dare you.. Mods! Mods! Apprehend this impostor!	2
That trade turned out to be a complete disaster for us. Too bad.	9
I’m scared for y’all saying Undone.	14
You're an amazing person OP. Please keep doing you!	0
I'm sure HMB Barbers at Nundah village will look after you	4
Her attempts to be “edgy” fall flat are incredibly cringeworthy.	12
for how long, you arent fucking with me?	2
This wouldn’t feel so bad if sales and footfall weren’t but many external pressures were keeping profits down.	9
:). Can you post your percentages tho, I am curious. 	7
Should people be taken to court if they are suspicions about them killing someone?	7
Happy to help	17
Wow, thanks so much for me to own tool that I can speak and understand Japanese fluently enough.	15
Very very very naive.	3
> IMO the actual root of people's annoyance is that she's an outspoken progressive Not entirely.	3
Ooooh, we got a badass over here!	13
whoops I still hope they press that legislation though	20
That is one of the things I’m most excited for in S2. Seeing him playing [NAME] and go off like this so effortlessly is amazing	13
I'm interested, more than I should be.	13
Cruz Azul choked? I never would have expected that from them, thanks for the heads up	15
For a super interesting participatory democracy example, [NAME] has a fantastic vid on YouTube about Cuban democracy.	0
Is there a university in China? Are we in 5019?	6
aren’t they ‘Staffordshire Bull Terriers’,commonly called,Staffies in Europe?	6
I think they're good optics. Or do you not think that being openly intolerant toward surveillance encourages others to be openly intolerant toward surveillance in turn?	0
Having kids is bringing into being a conscious person who will suffer and die and be aware of that fact. Become an antinatalist.	22
Love how he stops and embraces the pole.	18
Teacher: Huh, I never though he'd really do that.	9
Now that would be an interesting game! Not quite sure it's the matchup I'm looking for though. Lol	1
Good luck.	15
I’m surprised I had to scroll this far down	26
Thanks for not responding to my comment like this, it just shows even more that you are a troll.	15
"My first thought was, ""What is a [NAME]?"" Then I realized I was being dumb."	22
Thank you. 😀	15
Ooo, I wouldn't go that far.	22
Yes!! My favourite film - I came here to suggest it, too. 	0
this 'bug' has caused me countless death... i always used rifle primarily and switched to shotgun after rifle shot	9
"""joke's on you, I was only pretending"""	1
I have over 120 hours of play time and only have like 27 achievements 🤤😭	9
I'm curious to see what his answer will be	7
Shootouts aren’t our strong suit. Happy to get out with a point though	10
Oh, exploitable	12
nice try, FBI!	0
it's basically summer here right now. these posts are clueless.	10
Omg I love that. Coffee in bed. A nice omelette and then another roll in the hay.	18
I'd be surprised if mosques make the girls on school trips cover their hair, hence my question.	26
This is the greatest Bama game I've ever watched	0
You k how it's bad when a furry is roasting you	10
I am interested if still available. This would be way more fun then my smith center season!	17
I hope it all works out for you and your baby girl, its hard doing it alone but itll be worth it for her. :)	20
"Man – I love how [NAME] really lights up when she asks about [NAME] .... ""that's my boy for real, for real"". Love that."	18
I'm pretty sure this is the classic case of spending the time between sets laying on the equipment and texting/chapchatting/facetiming	4
I dont think self-sources work for TIL.	10
“Spite-based refugee system...” really got me chucking.	9
Reminds me of that last scene in Coraline, where she's walking through the woods. Cool photo.	0
you'd have to help them get past [NAME] extremely tough immigration process	5
Sadly I had to scroll through the story to read this	25
No idea, maybe say nothing..............	6
This - people have been saying he’s 5 mins away from impeachment since he got elected, lol.	1
My guys about to laser a 5 year old cause he didn’t give that little girl his lunchable	20
[NAME] is a happy boi!!	17
I'll make a note of this. Thanks!	15
I think we all know [NAME] has the best curves in team history.	0
The intro in that video looks like a sand storm on there, imagine a sand storm while playing GA on that map, it would be awesome!	13
It's certainly not one I identify with, but I find it intriguing. Hence my starting this discussion. 	10
lol at them both getting downvotes	1
Thank you, I appreciate it <3	15
Aren’t property owners responsible for clearing sidewalks in front? The bike lanes are part of the roadway, and thus under the city’s jurisdiction.	7
I'm new here. Can you help me understand what you mean? I read Jacobin quite a bit.	7
"""I awoke several hours later in a daze...."" 😂"	22
Jokes on you..he's in cahoots with the guy at Oxford...	1
That sounds like it was an absolute nightmare, I'm sorry you had to go through that, anesthetic failing is a horrifying experience. 	14
At least you're laughing. It's a step in the right direction. Have a great Friday Me. Flower-of-Power! ;-)	4
Thank you :) that’s very generous :) xo	15
No, sex is a reward, and he doesn't deserve it.	10
The snapchat news feed on the stories page is horrendous, its entirely just celebs, porn and hookup culture shit. 	11
I wonder how it's still tagged questionable...	26
Boy, are you going to cake yourself when you find out what french kissing is 	7
I can’t believe you’re comparing drug use to interracial marriage. Racists like you disgust me.	11
Thanks, I'll resubmit	15
She completely understands, that's why she does this.	22
Expectations was amazing - this ain’t it	0
Philebus by [NAME]. Quite under-studied imo. It's really insightful and a beautiful read.	0
Thanks. Timeless and eternal right?	15
Find a new doctor. If he isn't willing to treat people because of political affiliation then he's a horrible doctor and an even worse person.	2
5 is absolutely average. 6 would be kinda cute but nothing special. Kinda annoys me that so many people rate 5 as being lowkey ugly lol	3
This comment completly proves the opinion of the OP right lmao. I’m so sorry America doesn’t meet your standards oh mighty reddit commentor	24
She didn't believe that [NAME] left a Bomb. To [NAME] it could all be a trick to get her to come back.	10
You must be fun at parties.	20
Yep. He would also probably have had a not insignificant “metoo” moment.	4
This is the best. I love it	18
The state should kill them yes, you seem to have a very low IQ and can’t grasp [RELIGION]. No wonder you took up Reddit Atheism	2
Yeah people demonize salt but like that's the opposite problem with restricting, salt is my friend leave me out of it	10
Stay safe, you will find someone one day. 	5
I'm sorry but [NAME], [NAME] and [NAME] are my favs this year (and I hated [NAME] in her Season).	24
Im so hungry now! Damn this sub! I love it!	18
Depends on a few factors. What kind of pants and what time of day do you normally run into her?	7
Is this the best that you could come up with?	20
I'm N-word, and I miss my dad	25
I'm with you. Would this news surprise me? Absolutely not. But I'm not believing anything regarding this subject unless it comes from [NAME] himself	26
:( bastards	2
I AM LITERALLY FREAKING THE FUCK OUT	2
IS THIS NOT THE GOOGLE???? GOOGLE CHICKEN POT PIE RECIPE. DAMN TECHNOLOGY AND MELLINIALS.	6
What about hot water?	7
Agreed. A case where we're both right. Cheers!	4
yeh and the new ones just feel like reskin cod games sadly	25
Day 7 is tough... Not as tough as day 15 but tough	9
What. The. Fuck.	2
I've had sleep paralysis once and it is really bad.	25
[NAME] has stolen my heart.	18
I hate that this is true. Some of these offices are such a pain to find and cash tips are never part of the equation	3
Is it just me or does it seem like she should have been able to get away with a couple scraped knees without the concussion	7
Wait, which ones can do it now? Seriously, I don't really know this one.	6
It's very normal in most parts of the world. It just rightfully appears horrifying to those in 1st world countries.	4
I already told you, food poisoning or allergic foods. The real greedy snake oil salesmen are big pharma.	3
Theres a BIG difference between being against ones (hateful) political position and between harassing someone for his ethnicity.	3
Thanks man:) great advice!	15
There are no male versions of feminists. Men live in a different social reality than women.	10
That's a rather annoying extrapolation of what I said.	3
"Yes, and when I do say ""no"" I'm filled with tremendous guilt. "	24
I'm just now realizing that I married a covert narc.	22
I was hoping this would happen since I saw yesterday's post! I was not disappointed in the least!	20
I was wondering what that was and now, I need to go get some brain bleach.	26
I agree. That should be the core. [NAME] will be an elite defender	4
I'm sorry, there is no way this guy is Canadian.	24
Ha! Had to go back and look. Pens.... I was seriously wondering wtf this was, a giant penis-shaped gummy bear?!	3
What do the [NAME] have to do with it	7
I suggest that you start by not apologising before you do something harmless (e.g. the beginning of this thread)	5
Oh it’s hilarious, but not because of the act, but because of the overreaction of everyone in these threads.	1
I’m not much into either, but I have my share of stupid desires. I really want more mermaid tails.	8
Absolutely! The Republicans are craven	4
Is this something from [NAME]?	7
Stop working, it works with the GM corporation, why not the US corporation. 	7
I've seen this multiple times and wonder what happened to her after this.	26
Thanking people isn't manly.	10
Jabronis... cool word!	0
Why is [NAME] me though lmao	1
"I remember one guy on the show being labeled as ""[NAME] son"" so I""m not sure what that's about."	6
But actually, they are all beta	4
We might just sleep on an air mattress while we wait 😂 awe that’s so sweet of you!! We love our bunnies and veggies haha	18
Completely understandable. Lots of players who are new and don't realize how big of a distraction that is	4
i also cried	25
I forgot i followed this subreddit and now i'm having a meltdown	9
Damnit, it was *Flavor-Aid*, not Kool-Aid.	3
Bring on the mosquito to destroy those tired legs	3
I love this kid.	18
While true, that's not what they're talking about here	10
And in those dominion game, everyone clapped. And [NAME] was there.	0
The original Halloween movie is still the scariest film I have ever seen. Being chased by [NAME] in this game is terrifying.	14
> fooled into believing herself an interesting character Uh.. that isn't how movies work.	10
What an unbelievable coward	26
Fish and chips were amazing. Probably the best I've ever had, and as a fush and chups connoisseur I don't say that lightly.	0
I’m scared.	14
Sorry but I don't keep up with YT celebs or drama What happened to [NAME] ?	24
Hardly heard anyone I know talk about it but Damnation was amazing.	0
I'm not even going to read all of that. It is not mindboggling AT ALL. [NAME] is a huge douchebag. The end.	3
What's your opinion of Genji?	7
Looks like the nightingale armour from Sky rim still pretty cool tho	0
How do you play 180+ hours and not know that taunt is already a thing? (Pick a fight, ventriloqy)	6
Are you ghosting?	3
It only struggles because it's released too late by [NAME] defeat.	22
I would love to hear yours u/jellyjellyspace You posted a pretty unique topic	0
That’s not true. She represents those who voted her into power.	10
Glad he didn’t try to backpedal about his feelings. They are valid and he has a right to have them.	17
Sometimes people that are around each other a lot just get to be friends. Sometimes people ignore that their friends are actually terrible people.	11
Well, I was going to surprise you [NAME], but what the heck...I’m gaining a bunch of weight to go on disability!	9
Disclaimer: This is r/television not r/news. Sorry for the mistake.	25
I'm actually heartened that I'm not the only one that thinks about that group. wonder if men ponder on it.	7
Is that seriously the story? I haven’t googled it. I just thought it was cool as a WW2 buff	26
Not the first time. Won't be the last. Thanks!	15
It definitely has the best look to it. Also the best characters. Count [NAME] henchmen are amazing.	0
I don’t even try to make shots like this myself. So I gotta watch other people make them.	12
No. Screw him. It IS a demanding job. Physically and emotionally draining. You deserve a hot meal and a friggin hour or two to decompress.	2
[NAME] speed, and good luck.	20
I'd love an updated Garris!	18
Rahway Mechanical LLC should be able to. Great guy	0
Well he gets an A+ for fackin over the people!	3
Don't feel bad I am sure the otters are getting taken care care of just fine.	5
And I thought I was too old for this drama (I’m 25)	22
I isst thought y’all woooshed me but then I realized what subreddit I’m on	22
Someone really needs to solve the problem of how to put cars into video games, I'd love to see it one day, just imagine the fun!	18
Do you still have the video?	7
I like how old it is, like a vintage wine. Classssssy and aged to perfection.	18
I love Dr [NAME] and [NAME] at 8 West Dental in downtown. Edit: Called Dr [NAME] the wrong name.	18
Your pedo-tache is only the fourth worst thing about your face.	3
Wait there are still people on this subreddit who haven't blocked that account? I'm impressed.	0
That’s my mission :) thank you so much	15
How do you know they are [NAME]? Where they caught? Maybe a cat? It's just some crazy person?	7
It was more just “where did all these airpods come from?!” It was weird to me.	26
I was sad to see emails from multiple downtown restaurants offering free delivery through grubhub. Deliveries are going to be brutal.	25
Addressed this elsewhere but I was mistaken. Thanks for the correction.	15
lol, you dieded	1
Water? Find a way to keep your temperature down.	5
Katy/cypress area is just as bad if not worse in some areas. Luckily we only saw one driver obviously drunk but there were several wrecks. Be safe everyone	5
I love how he is gonna hit that fat dude and the gif ends	18
This is why you either keep your distance or shoot them.	22
What's your definition of a repeater?	7
Im going to be doing the same. Best of luck to you. Stay strong, you can do it!	0
I got cousins who were missionaries to Venezuela in the [NAME] years. They have not been shy about their opinions on this matter. They support the rebels.	4
She might just be insecure. You do have a bit of an age difference, so she might feel like she doesn’t match up to you.	9
very interesting hill to die on	13
No. They can go through the same legal process my wife and I did before getting in that line, so they don’t get turned away.	4
You can't just assert that something came from nothing, you need to provide evidence for said claim.	10
After the first sentence you were my best friend. Then came the second sentence and now I really don’t like you.	3
How DARE you!	2
"""I like it when you x"", ""can you try doing y?"" - focus on positive and giving advice"	18
We *do* deserve animals if we give them lovings! Don’t talk so down about yourself, silly .. that’s what that kitty would say !	5
I'd Post this corrected version right under theirs. Every Time. LOL!!!	1
Not surprised...he has ZERO interest in finding a job and living like a responsible adult...	10
I can always make new friends because I'm charismatic, but I still really care about them.	4
Ik man. I probably would too, even though it would probably lead to my death... best of luck to you friend. I hope you find happiness	20
I'm glad I'm not the only one who feels the same!	23
I did that a lot as well. I always loved going with her.	18
Dyscalculia. It's not that uncommon, especially in people with ADHD.	10
same here OP, reading some of these stories makes me want to hug my DM for being a decent human being as well as a solid DM	4
"That's not correct. The ""Dallas-Fort Worth, TX-OK Combined Statistical Area"" includes Durant, as it does Athens. "	10
"More comments than upvotes lol ""Most Democratic"" How do you even measure that? "	1
“we love [NAME]!”	18
I wish there was a way to separate the moderation function of karma from the “I agree with you/I don’t agree with you“.	8
Thank you oh my [NAME] 💖💖💖	15
And I wish I wasn't lumped in with new jersey.	8
Yep, though we just had a cross on the stochastic RSI weekly chart, looks like the next four to six weeks are going to get nasty.	4
makes me wish friendly fire was a feature	8
Thanks for the insight	15
[NAME] is so rational, I’d just cry really hard if my parents spent all my college money 💰 	25
Never said I didn’t have a hobby. Looking for suggestions and a third person perspective thanks	15
Well thats just mean.	3
I.. love arby's..	18
Leave wet puddles everywhere!	3
That's every cat's idea of fun!! Tasty human hands!	1
Well he's right. The evil is a choice, it's not inherent.	4
It sucks being unattractive. It pisses me off that there are so many beautiful people in the world, and I ain't one of them.	9
Yeah he is crazy early game, but as soon as you get a few items on an ap character, you just kill him before he combos lol	1
Says millennials are afraid of hard work, dismisses the hard work required to get a fit body.	14
And the problem is that they took doctors out of a&e and out patients and community services and gp's to pay for his monstrosity...	25
I resonate with this so strongly. Thank you for putting this feeling into words so succinctly.	15
My baby niece does this. She fell down a couple stairs in her time and now is real careful with them	22
One of the most reasonable comments I've ever read on the site (sad, right?). Salute to you	0
Yeah it’s weird bc in my family the basket case was my dad.	3
Chances are you’ll be playing against potato players that are worse than bots, so I think you’ve got it in you.	20
Getting AB for anything less than a 2nd rounder + something else definitely isn't realistic.	10
My name is [NAME]. You killed my father, prepare to die.	2
[NAME] Just Stop trying you idiot	2
Looks like they did it to scare everyone else on the road as a dominance game.	14
That’s a good way of putting it	0
she usually sits below the bathroom sink like a fuckin weirdo between 9-11 pm but she'll be free after.	11
Hope to [NAME] i don’t end up like u	20
She is in a weird fairy tale stage, but then also realistic. I’m so confused. I guess you be both delusional and logical? 	6
I wanna believe it's a reference to CNN hosting 500 town halls & debates with [NAME] since the election.	4
Pretty sure he was being facetious guy	4
but I love your username	18
This is not good.	10
Damn some of these are so cringy that i almost downvote them, but realize that they are suppose to be terrible.	3
Also it seems like there is some possibility of the pole going backwards lol	1
Summer Beaver, nice place. 	0
When you go get your things, if you can bring a friend. Wishing you all the best.	5
Games like this are just demoralizing for our players.	3
Fuck this team	2
Best comment ever	0
You're not. OP just couldn't follow some of the simplest rules on reddit.	10
That level 20 purifier upgrade can get so juicy.... i love artanis	18
I don't think the people who agree with this post fully understand how large a legion is.	10
This is the most Boomer thing i've ever seen	26
Just curious as to what got you called racist? Edit: Nvm. You post on the_donald... I can imagine.	7
That should usually be the giveaway—though they now wear these ridiculous waist-high tights to hide the fact they don’t have workout bodies either.	3
Back at it with the crazy [RELIGION] conspiracies I see. Did you stop taking your pills?	3
I mean fun	1
Apparently he has returned to the bench so hopefully he's ok.	20
What a king. So sweet	0
Being gilded makes people’s days better. I love this.	18
Maybe someone up there is wondering what it's like here	7
Religion is different. It's not just facts and information.	4
No, this was pretty expected	0
Let us celebrate with a glass of kerbango.	17
>Many of these jobs are necessary for society That's where you are wrong	4
Thank you [NAME]	15
Oh my gosh! That light house!! Its terrifying!!	14
"How many times did you end up shouting ""Bingo!"""	7
Ok you're a little homophobic	4
our enemy, the state 	2
Update: haven’t been banned yet By the way when I stop these updates I’ve most likely been banned	22
Lol. Weed is a he'll of a drug. I'm not changing a thing. Prey away.	1
Absolutely gorgeous pass by [NAME]	0
I do not believe she has any secret information, but I still suspect she's in danger and her plan has backfired substantially.	10
Being bullied is what taught me I wasn't wanted anywhere.	10
Hmmm. She is Korean. Based on the early posts I didn't see that one coming.	4
He's a good prospect. Solid enough lineout and scrum, great around the park. Been pushing TPN for starting spot.	0
Double sheilds is excellent 3800 and below. Prob is, teammates dont use them	0
Did the goal light go off? Because the scoreboard changed on SN and TSN	6
Thats it I am out. This sub stinks.	2
Not in this thread- but I have heard people act like it’s no big deal... don’t take reasonable precautions to prevent spreading it	22
Hey! Go fuck yourself, you capitalist apologist bootlicking piece of shit	2
Are you top or bottom? I need to go under you real quick I'm gonna need you to take him on bar	7
She would be devastated! Whatever you're going through won't last forever... this will pass!! Ask for help - find someone to talk to!	2
you should have asked this question 15 years ago sadly :(	25
Honestly, whatever kills the hangover. I do bacon mac n cheese and a spinach smoothie. Weird combo, I know. 	22
You could see this as your friend caring for you, meaning well. 	5
Not actually cheating if the system is set up that way. Take it up with your Government.	3
you could do that but i woulndt want that as soldier, widow or mccree. but of course reaper should not try to break the shield	10
My contribution for that wonderful	0
For the love of all that is good and holy, please find competent broadcasters NBCSN.	18
Welcome to the family! Don't let toxic fans, especially Twitter, get the best of you. Let's go canes!	15
I would be impressed if [NAME] ate 15% of his weight every day I wish I lived in a state where the contest was valid. Stupid NY	3
I will not being awkward if I am being myself but I just scared	14
Omg this is great.	0
[NAME] is a hero I always saw it. But seriously I love his video essays and im so ecstatic that hes a raimi memer!	18
Wow I forgot about that! I need to revisit those!	22
Everyone was fine so I guess it’s okay	4
I didn't know until a couple months ago. I'm 41. I know exactly what you mean.	22
I hope they caught the bastard	20
Lol love it.	1
Wow Jurassic Park looks a lot different than in the cinema	26
what an idiot	2
This series is so unapologetic in its outlandishness that I just can’t help but love it.	18
Oh look even more whinging by a Brexshitter about how its all gonna sort it self out fine, such fantastic info.	0
then explain to me why everytime I post reply to u/955bsp, in an old post, you start spamming me	7
Thank you & my heartfelt condolences. Snap in to a watermelon and drink to forget.	15
Yeah I know :'(	4
Not everyone agrees that he was actually an amazing strategist or a great general, actually.	10
Why is the hotdog so long lmao	7
Congrats on coming out	13
Welcome to post-truth politics.	15
Woo hoo!!! Free at last!	13
The Patriots dethroned the Rams and the greatest show on turf, it'd be cool for the Rams to do the same now.	20
Actually a good idea. Starbucks, breakfast sandwiches, donuts... all fine excuses unless you work at one of those places.	4
Wow the garbage one and the bank one are really terrible. I’ve had the coupon ones too, people are touchy about coupons haha.	1
The only thing I remember about that guy was the super racist remarks he made about [NAME].	2
You’re buying a hipster truck then demanding INVOICE PORT PDICE. If they don’t broom you won’t get a survey for sure lol	1
> If you have a point - make it. I did, I'm sorry you missed it.	24
I know! Or close the door of the room where the baby is sleeping? It's too sad for the poor thing to be locked inside.	25
Wow that is the exact armor combo i used to use	26
The Watchmen just moved from Amazon to Netflix. Every time I watch that movie I like it way more. Hope I contributed here.	18
I was afraid of that .	14
Can you expand a bit? That would be interesting for us that are not in the know.	7
Yep. Learned my lesson this time.	22
I always have the subtitles on. So I don’t miss a single 💎!	4
Yeah bad timing, but thanks for answering tho have a good rest of your day, cheers!	15
I'm having the same problem. Hoping that there is some good advice in response to this! Hugs though hon, I feel your pain.	5
STOP GETTING FACTS FROM [NAME] AND THE CORRUPT STATE ..lol	2
Doesnt help [NAME] was right. That would further push [NAME] into his arms	4
I support the idea of punishing [NAME] without trying to injure [NAME].	4
I compleatly get it. It makes me not trust people over the littlest things.	3
Wait, what. Are you okay son? I'm here to talk. 	5
Ayyy best game ever! Thanks for the love	15
Can someone like link me to the picture i’ve been trying to find it	7
If you think that you're ready for a relationship, go ahead. As long as you're not stepping on anyone.	4
I have friends who drove from interior Alaska to Arizona in less than 48 hours... It's possible.	4
Everything on this sub is touchy usually no? Hah no worries, just offering my other perspective	7
Sorry for the bad formatting	24
Good luck to him.	5
You’re an asshole.	2
I wish everything the I was going through was a hallucination	8
You're right and I hate it.	2
Let's see, cash register ink, well that's a business expense isn't it... But then I do enjoy the smell... Better not risk it	17
Ha jokes on you guys we still use paper charts	1
You fool you're using logic on a show that is clearly not bound by any	2
Praying this goes to at least 4. I like both the players but would really like to see [NAME] play to his max GS potential	18
She seems like such a happy kid too!	17
"Hopefully ""new games"" doesn't mean ""new ways to put money into other things besides our main games."""	20
that sounds fun!	1
Beards are great for stimulating the lady parts.	0
My favorite thing is when [NAME] gets the ball at the top of the key and every stands with their hands on their hips	18
I love how people downvote you because you are right. It's okay dude for honor community is a hive mind of braindead plebs	18
What a dumbass question to start with...	3
A the_donald poster trying to pass as a human being has to be one of the saddest things I've ever seen.	25
When your dog dies, you will realize how absurd this statement is.	22
Except [NAME] isn't under our control or capable of having an impact on our team. We traded him. lol	1
Thanks!! Been avoiding this but I literally am in that area for the Elk pelt so I better put my emotions in a case	15
You mean the Chelsea?	26
Who said anything about being confused? No disagreement here whatsoever. :)	6
I was under the impression that [NAME] also has some pretty rough health problems.	25
Lmao I’m so sorry but yet intrigued as to how it contributed to your breakup?	24
I love to how we went to the other room to say that. Not that he realizes he's Miked up and not going anywhere	18
FQ looks pretty good so far. Do not disrespect Notorious POB.	0
How embarrassing.	12
ugh. I love guild wars 2 but it has the weirdest god damn community and management dynamic of any mmo.	18
i believe he has a minor ankle injury at the moment, i’m not too worried about his skating 	4
Best swimmer outta all my siblings 🏊‍♂️🏊‍♂️🏊‍♂️🏊‍♂️💪🏼	0
I don't know if I'm more disappointed in the driver or the pedestrians..	6
Nah man sorry if it's being taken wrong. I'm trying to say that I got an idea from her actions. Should have just said that	22
Sorry, mom took it out of the oven already and I am STARVING!	5
Maybe 5-10 games in the g league would help knock some rust off?	20
Why dont you go complaint about USA 75% deforestation?	7
 No mention of [NAME]? For shame, subreddit. For shame. 	7
This question belongs in askreddit or the like. They can deal with the sexist crap this is going to dredge up.	4
This primary doesn’t deserve this nice birthday.	10
So basically the union would be a legal fiction to simply elect federal representatives jointly and nothing else? Hmm. Anything more than that would be an implausible boondoggle.	7
No, [NAME] has said more than once it was not. 	10
I have this too, so don't worry. We are not crazy. Just regular humans who happen to have an anxiety issue. 	19
I've wondered this too!	13
I used to have a pet rat. She was the best pet I ever had.	0
Our draft choices are horrible anyway, it doesn't matter where we pick.	3
Yes, because private matches are a thing. Surprised no one else has mentioned that one.	26
I should have known what awaits behind the oilymama hashtag and yet I searched. Now I’m sad.	25
Ah the city of brotherly love <3	18
Great tag :)	0
Angry old men raise their canes when angry. Raising Cane's is a fast food chicken finger chain.	2
Congratulations on the embroidery, and on quitting tobacco!	15
I solo climbed to Master as main DPS with 60hz. It really doesnt matter.	10
Removed, anyone have a mirror or archive?	7
Hey mate, just know that if you need someone to talk to, I'm ready to listen. Hope things will get better for you, anyway. 	20
Your “[NAME]” is a train wreck at social media. Only skill he’s shown so far	3
You don't need to screw your face up like that, it's already screwed up enough.	3
"Thanks for answering instead of ""but hillary""."	15
My question is for [NAME] and [NAME]: What would be the one piece of advice you would give to aspiring Overwatch coaches?	7
This idiot can't be bothered to comprehend anything that reads longer than a bumper sticker.	3
Disgusting. Truly disgusting.	11
I love how adgag laws are legalized illegal activities, look it up!	18
Happy new year!	13
I downvoted your original comment, but you've redeemed yourself with this one, lol. Have this upvote!	1
What is it with everybody doing extreme sumo deadlifts right now? Like yeah wow you can lift 2x your bodyweight 2 inches, well done.	0
Where? Sorry, the link doesn't seem to work!	24
At the time they would have. It became endangered and we had to stop.	4
I’m surprised the comments and views on that channel haven’t gone crazy.	26
It's just a natural reaction of people blaming white people as a whole for all the bad things in history.	4
The best reason to watch it again!! That scene with the ants was fucking fantastic, award winning worthy.	0
Yeah, hopefully the lesson learned from this is that our level of airport security is stupid and unnecessary and not that [NAME] is risking another 9/11 	20
Sometimes I wonder if people are that stupid or that malicious	3
Yes it does. I kept doing this for 2 mins. But yes it can still be reassigned manually at the command center I'm sure	4
If it also ends up with them meeting [NAME] 4 horsewomen pals ([NAME], [NAME], and [NAME]), that'll be interesting.	13
Nah? Sadness and wine don’t mix too well, my conception is proof of that haha 	1
Haha - even the [NAME] don’t want you! Ha-hah.	1
You're not the only one. I for one feel stupid for thinking 100t shouldnt be having problems with such an easy pool	12
This works for me too. Not sure why either.	6
Lafc fan lurking our sub... lol typical plastics.	1
Oh nice. Let's me try this. Thanks for sharing	15
[NAME] learning how to finish inside. I love it	18
OMG I’m dying she said carrot!!!!	1
Sure, rape isn't caused by poverty. You can compare poor whites vs poor hispanics too. 	10
You look GORGEOUS and HEALTHY.	0
What? I’m regular lurker here that just deiced to comment.	7
Which company? Tell us, they can't do shit.	7
A guava sounds awesome! Totally didn’t even think of that!	0
lol, [NAME] i hope not	20
Idk that looks like adobe gains to me..	6
Strange how it's funny until your mate's getting his arse handed to him.	1
So TD tried putting an invisible downvote button for real?? Didn’t stop me from downvoting their idiocy.	3
Except I can’t with the mobile app. Reddit doesn’t allow you highlight	10
Yep. Been there. Watching my baby crying while vomiting and her eyes looking at me so hurt was hard.	25
Congrats for coming out 😁😁	0
Fucking [NAME] with lazy passes all night long	3
agree, we are living in the feminist era where women want to be equal - so why should they be 'selective' in whats equal or not.	4
All I can say for sure is that you are more likely to find it back in Korea than I France! Good luck mate	20
I've never heard the insult 'Galaxy-Brain' before, but it's a wonderful! I'm gonna have to use it more often.	0
Good thing he throws like a 6 year old girl, otherwise this could've been serious. 	23
True dat, I lost hope a LONG time ago	9
Downvote me into oblivion but both [NAME] and [NAME] shot around 35%. However one they say he balled out and the other one was struggling.	3
[NAME], I’d like to buy a letter A...	8
What happened with the guy at work?	7
No email. Besides Instacart emails go to my junk email so I probably would have missed it anyways	22
The lucky ones died quick	16
I've heard this is a form of self hypnosis such kinda makes sense to me.	4
Curious as to why he's been passed up so many times now.	7
So, you get yo keep the LLR and lose your house/money/car instead? 	7
Sorry, no legal advice, but that really sucks and you have my sympathy. Best of luck and determination.	10
Yes, he's really pushing the Devils to new heights.	4
Is it fair to say she’s the most versatile makeup artist of all Ru girls?	0
it's worth it not having to deal with ebay's laziness fixing stupid problems	4
What sort of material would actually swell this much instead of eroding or just breaking? Is his ceiling made of rubber?	7
This is a good one	0
Very cool thanks!	15
Happy birthday! Enjoy your day and [NAME] should close this out as a present :)	13
Understanding of human nature has. Believe it or not, people thousands of years ago might not have understood the world perfectly.	22
Yesterday I remembered that this game existed and was happy that I waited and didn't buy into a game that would be dead in a month.	17
I hate when people Beijing a gun. Even worse when they Shanghai one.	2
Best part about this is that the cowboys will re-sign [NAME] and hopefully [NAME] too	20
Me, too. Was shocked to say the least.	26
Thank you for the precise context	15
Now this is poke choking!	11
I was ok till that last one.	4
Oh my [NAME].	26
All the best, [NAME] bless.	15
Yay! (Tech will be improved. Eeeek.)	17
Good to know thank you! Is per diem at hospital?	15
> [NAME] mother allegedly vandalized [NAME] grave, stating that she had ruined her son's life. No....	2
Thanks. It’s extremely hard to keep in mind	15
the good ol days	17
This is hilarious! Sounds similar to my buddy's experience at his gym in CoHeights!	1
I love [NAME]	18
Cheers, I enjoyed your announcers. Sucks we don't get to play again until next year	17
Stupid for difficult. I always feel that way. Fool among elites. That means I can be cared for.	5
Lets hope he gets a good birthday game ☺	20
You're both wrong NBA is an initialism, can't be pronounced as a word. Oh man I love reddit	18
They 100% know each other, maybe not personally	4
I'd be ok with it if you get one less card when you mulligan	4
Ugh obviously that's not what I meant, what I meant is that *socially* if they have a sibling that they do not need humans *socially*. 	10
That's bad	11
I am seeing the insane clown posse there in two weeks and I have no idea how I am going to get home covered in faygo	6
[NAME], legendary skater	0
I mean I’m playing a card game and enjoying the cheap cards	17
That is a completely different point, and has nothing to do with nxt or its title being pointless. 	10
Grim. Thank you for the info though. I learned something today.	15
Already I can can hear the screaming and howling of the neoliberal right. They will amuse me.	1
It is 100% a scam. They've been copying many [NAME] with the same message.	3
Ha, nope! Trying to distract myself on mobile in a really boring meeting. r/whoosh	3
You chose... wisely	0
As much as I’d love [NAME] to be gone, i know they never would 	3
I hate [NAME] but this dude has already lied to Congress. How can you believe anything he says	2
I made it! My DH went to bed at 10:00, so I kissed my dog at midnight. Happy New Year!!	13
Well that just means that red hair isn't a valid hair color, just a mutation. We should just count them as brown instead. /heavysarcasm	1
thank you so much. i needed this.	15
I like it	18
Hell yeah! Make sure you get your tickets in advance because we are getting very close to selling out!	13
So satisfying chucking a spear and getting a few guys with one throw. Also I loved the bow in this game	18
whats it like being this stupid?	2
“Perhaps we could share a tray of twinkies together? You’d love that, *wouldn’t you*?”	7
[NAME] damn it I love this but it had a STRONG socialist undertone and I just can’t fw that	18
I’m sorry men, I have failed you. My rigidity was no match for the flaccid effort our boys showed tonight	25
When [NAME] shoots FTs you can really see the belly of that guy in the front row. It's awesome	0
Ah, I didn't understand the context.	6
What scares me is that now that this happened, they're going to try and find ways to take women's phones away from them.	14
I mean purely in the context of these pants he isn’t wrong	4
This comment is way too far down. It should be the top comment.	0
Yeah probably. But the thought of [NAME] and [NAME] installing democracies instead of authoritarian dictatorships is utter nonsense.	10
FYI this gif is a hit on [NAME] so yeah both sides think this is hilarious!	1
Thank you very much, I'm glad you found it easy to follow!	15
If you have to do side task you consider boring in order to power up and take on the main quest I'd consider that grinding.	4
[NAME] was such a disaster at OC, I really don't feel comfortable even implying he's in Schotty's league.	9
Would rather not waste 2 more years of Odell and Saquon's prime tanking for a QB 2 years from now. He will enjoy Tampa	4
You poor, hideous creature. 	11
Love how they all claim no one pays any attention to the comments then acknowledge a comment section personality.	18
This is scary to know that you went through. People like this are one step away from coming home with a gun or knife.	14
and op is NOT self deprecating	10
I wonder if the paintings he did on Brooklyn 99 were actually his.	7
Wow. I have to say, I am relieved. Pretty incredible idea.	0
How does she hear everyones prayers?	6
Yup ,Russia is such a fine example for the world ,truly an beacon of hope ./s	0
It's racist.	10
Cute little jerk. How many times has that come out if my mouth!!	18
loved this one as a kid	18
Good for you bb. I wish you all kind of life gains	8
You might enjoy this	1
We saw them last year from Baker Beach. So many whales!	4
I take it they want to have sex with 🐇s.	8
It's a perfectly cromulent scene.	0
Grow up.	3
Ah sorry [NAME], I was going to join. But your desperate posts scared me away!	14
"What am I supposed to understand from the phrase ""1v1 fam, a duel""."	3
Hey, at least its not a fucking sauce post! We really need a new season.	3
He acted like such a jerk- why would you want to be friends with someone like that? I would never trust him again.	2
I'm well fond of foreign birds to be fair.	4
Excuse me who the hell is that?	3
Amazing, all three of those consoles are from different generations.	0
This is completely false.	10
I’m dreading when it happens during our games for the title	14
People tremble in fear of the name Rupple Poopels 😂	14
WHY THE FUCK IS WES ON THE FLOOR, HE CANT DEFEND SHIT	2
Aww [NAME] giving [NAME] a pat on the back that’s cute	0
This is so wholesome 😭😭😭	0
[NAME] I'd love it just to see grumpy writers complain.	18
Don't listen to them, we need to call this kind of stuff out.	3
That’s cheating, gotta make a decision 	3
You can only fit so much in 20ish min show.	4
Thank you! :)	15
Oh well, okay, it worked!	20
Hardcore Henry.	0
It just so happened that PD, sick kids , and family emergencies all happened to overlap between all my coworkers leaving me all alone. 	25
I do enjoy my lawn. 😁	17
YES to all of this!	4
In my day I had to wait 20 minutes for the internet to load a single porn pic. But man I miss that dial up sound	9
It scares me that left to right is also possible for anyone	14
Thanks, I think you're right.	15
[NAME] is often regarded as strategically the worst Lord in the series because of this. [NAME]	25
My mom just shared this on Facebook and I didn't even know what to say to her so I just immediately screenshotted it to share here	6
Yeah lol. 25% of women are sexually assaulted in [RELIGION] countries, maybe. 	1
That was my favorite PS1 game.	18
I'll try and search there. Thanks. Edit: it looks like a bunch of vampire story weebs but whatever	15
Technology is amazing. Now we can SEE how new plagues start. Just incredible.	0
Funny coming from the party that is #1 in killing babies.	1
What is your favorite black and white tv show.	7
Don’t worry I did not disappoint your mother	5
Lmao at this point she’ll probably deliver Teddy/Owen’s baby.	1
i love that channel	18
He isn't as big, but he's still quite popular. I've heard the same thing about his content. Never watched him much.	0
My girlfriend ordered Chipotle. Have fun with that 15 mile drive bud.	17
NOT THE [NAME] ALBUM LMAOOOO	2
> DJT to realize I’m not sure this is even a thing that happens.	6
It's a song reference. The lyrics were awkward so one of my FB friends made a meme	11
Bitch subscribed to 1st look at [NAME] shitposts.	3
Minion #2: So should we warn [NAME], master? [NAME]: Ew no lol	1
The weird thing is you’re not even the first haha	1
You had a tough childhood :(	25
That hurt too much to watch twice.	25
Tell me when you find out how to bowser-wobble	7
Such a great movie that kinda gets overlooked.	0
Huhhhh wat the hell.. looks good	0
Don't know what more to say then. Your fridge full of beers that are all around 6% ABV says it all.	6
This sub needs more Poison memes.	8
Imagine being scared of a black bear	14
Get some help dude.	5
lol this is nothin. I go on reddit to hear myself be right	1
women just don't take initiative just give her one more opportunity after all as you said she flaked for legit shit	5
"[NAME] would love her!!! ""Do you forgive Daddy?"" "	18
Alright. Why is it possible for us to make fun of the almighty [NAME]?	7
Oh, that's horrible. My condolences.	16
The new movie doesnt even look very good honestly	9
Love her positions but I think she need to get some experience under her feet before she is ready for that level of a position.	18
Moms overreact. Is funking your junk really that bad?	7
You’re a gorgeous bride! :D I love the looks you chose	0
While we certainly have these people, we also have an election coming up which makes me suspicious of this group.	7
Washington had it so easy, until they signed [NAME] that stupid contract ...HAHAHHAHAHAHA	1
Dude don’t even trip. [NAME] is the shit. I also have a soft spot for [NAME] if you’re into her at all lol	3
Sage advice. Just noticed your reply now! Thank you.	15
Awful taste hmmmmm	11
I'm not surprised someone asked that. Good [NAME], people are stupid.	0
[NAME] THAT HURTS DON'T DO THAT	25
I can’t wait for this Narrative to stop. DLO has the best numbers just look.	0
I’m chuckling at you referring to it as a little ho.	1
The ND vs Georgia game in Athens will be a good one.	0
Woo hoo!	26
Nothing to worry about. 4 inches is fine. You will do well because you are a nice guy.	0
I hope he doesn't	20
Are you really that brain dead.....idiot!!!	2
Losing wars has consequences.	20
Yeah I don’t know where you live. Also smooth haha	6
Isn't that how [NAME] won in the first place?	6
Iirc congressional opposition was the main obstacle for closing gitmo. I could be misremembering but that's what I remember	9
[NAME] winning a ball would be...... surprising	26
Excellent find. Panels like these are a very deliberate writing choice.	0
Thanks, [NAME].	15
I feel bad for laughing at this now that the creator of Spongebob passed away a month ago.	25
That's hilarious, and a much better way to play doctor than some of the kids I've heard of! :)	1
Good thing you listened to your gut, ran, and made a lot of noise! Yikes! Glad you're ok.	0
Haha Not like this in my experience, but I guess it's different in USA	1
Haha! Do it.	17
Hah! You’re the best NERD!	0
I swear these people would try to sell shoes to someone without feet.	11
She threatened to hurt you, I would file a police report.	2
Even though [NAME] has had so many drawbacks and made some mistakes, let's make one thing clear: it's NOT a time to trade him.	22
Weird game lol	1
Yes, all the time when I can tell somebody is upset with me. Allistic peeps really refuse to communicate clearly it’s the worst!	9
[NAME] i’m so addicted to watching Narcos in bed. it’s so damn good	0
Someone who's done very little to earn your ire. Did I piss in your cornflakes?	3
Enjoyphoenix couple of products are different than Desi’s box but it’s still existing products.	22
I appreciate him entirely because of the segment he did for The Daily Show were he absolutely shit on anti war protesters in	0
If we're bullies, what does that make police who actually arrest people for rape and pedophilia? The final boss?	7
[NAME] for sure!.. just make sure you DO NOT get a new addidas one, get an old authentic one from the time frame he played	4
Every time. There’s a montage with this song in the movie Spring Breakers and it’s fantastic.	0
No, you're thinking of basilisk. A basterisk is a person born outside of wedlock.	10
I will take 10 more years of overpowered Tracer before I enjoy having Brig as a counter	20
I saw the one where he was successful, and wondered how many attempts it took. 	7
The faces in that drawing are kinda horrifying	14
watch us play better without him	20
Sounds nicer than Missouri. Or missour-uh as the natives call it.	0
Videos. It’s basically a gif with sound. Pretty cool to see them in action	17
Finally a whole season and 3 jornadas too late.	9
Add to that the balance mess.	3
Is this game any good? I like the idea of a card game based on neckbeard culture.	6
I’m about to have a heart attack tonight	14
Your comment has been removed for shaming. Thanks [NAME]	15
There has to be some repercussions for this judge, right? Considering the crimes, that bail seems incredibly low...	10
Swordfish is my go to gun. Used my first unlock token it given how much I enjoyed it.	17
I like [NAME]..	18
It would be nice if he was at least a spirit. They have plenty more obscure anime characters as spirits already you know?	7
All we need is 1 more Trae three and the W and this’ll be a great night	13
gag me (notice the nearly matching wardrobe colors)	13
I love how a few words can turn a post from believable bragging to complete bullshit.	17
Lol ya mom	1
but think of how fun it would be!!	1
Those subs ... wtf	2
I'll always be a big fan of seabiscuit, doesn't require any explanation and its a classic	0
And I will laugh at everyone wasting their first round pick on him.	1
Cause she's being doing drag for the amount of my lifetime lol	1
Noted. Thanks for the suggestion!	15
Haha good point	15
Congratulations - you're truly a [NAME] now.	0
Ok but wouldnt that make me seem like a loser? Idek how to take good selfies or even where. Obviously not the bathroom right?	10
I don't like [NAME] this season but she's always been a favorite before. Am I the only one? She has an edge that seems unlikable	10
Loooool I didn’t know that it’s ridiculous	1
[NAME] don’t make up only 2% of the population though. Edit: I mis-read. I’m sorry. Please ignore this comment.	24
I had forgotten, now I changed it, thank you very much for warning me about that! so sorry 🙏	15
Go your own way, loser. 	2
Absolutely... pretty ridiculous dt. I’m in [NAME]	0
Its [NAME]! Love that guy, classic example of a Solo Slooper who just tries rather than complains :)	18
That's the same thing 8 year olds use to try and get my items in video games. The guilt and shame strategy... Pathetic.	24
I haven't had class in three years and yet I've literally had this nightmare dozens of times.	14
Better late than never sadly I can see another label scooping him up	25
Thanks, I guess.	15
he is a very dangerous man	14
oh ok, i'll pass that on to him thanks :)	15
Same here. Around the same time frame. Ill report back if it changes for me and ask if you can do the same. Thank you	15
If you would do exactly as that kid did - then you will never get it. You’re defending a smug little asshole.	5
I don’t think anyone on this show has ever joined a sport for exercise. [NAME] is awesome!!!	0
OMG BARF wtf is wrong with people?!	2
[NAME] bless you, massive truck driver. Stay safe.	5
That’s a stud combo, that Baker jersey looks so sexy as a classic	0
Why doesn't he jerk it to porn like a normal person?	7
This brings a smile to my face	17
Thank you. Your suggestion is a better term. I don't think mine is a poor choice but yours is better.	15
See, this is what films lack nowadays, taking real risks with implications of [NAME] on Animal fart sex. Bravo [NAME]!	3
Let’s get some shoes!	4
Me too and you made me feel better because I thought I couldn't keep up due to being old lol.	1
Yes I agree	4
woman here, love it when my man gets mad. manly imo	18
Dude alcohol is literally poison and talking about tryna self medicate?	10
Well it was just an educated shot in the dark but glad to help 😊	17
I just can't get behind genocide. I hope you heal.	20
Like I said you are right about everything. don't call 911 ever they aren't showing up unless you have a credit card. good luck	4
Don't fucking disrespect the World's Largest Love Machine ever again	3
I'm watching it for the first time now. He's perfect for the role lol [NAME] is a god to me now	0
I can't believe he came in and 4 seasons in he managed to turn the team into this.	26
"Wish we hadn't already played them twice so we could hop in on this with something like ""Stanley Cup Parade Planners are here to battle"""	8
Tread carefully , my friend. So many red flags.	5
Haha. Yeah there is a vaccination now. When I was a kid my parents did the same thing. It hadn’t been developed yet.	1
Hey I’m at Ellsworth and Guadalupe! No snow 😕 probably while we sleep tonight 😐 Happy New Years neighbor!!	13
no taxes if you follow the strict scheme of a handgift. don't forget the thank you letter after.	15
>I just hope Lovejoy is back Phrases I'd never expect to hear for $600 [NAME]	20
Agreed, those who are waiting for their life-changing amounts to buy a home for their families just have to wait.. they are so selfish	4
It's bad enough when the Jocasta syndrome is one-sided. This is a pile of yikes.	10
Still as confused as the rest of ya myself.	6
Love that we have the same amount of playoff wins as them this year!	18
Man, she must really hate infertile women. 	2
This is without a doubt the funniest thing I've ever seen	1
Pudge was great	0
I have multiple throwaways for the embarrassing or depressing things I need to get off my chest.	12
One of the reasons im not straight 😂😂	22
Yeah he is a giver not a taker	0
Don't worry, I'll sacrifice myself. Hey u/hellseashell, come over here. wants to call you a piece of shit.	5
Consoles can’t hit 120 fps in fortnite m8. You’d be lucky for like 90	10
Oh nice, that sounds convenient!	0
weirdly enough drug addicts are still human beings, shocking I know 	26
Oh my lord I am so sorry. That is just despicable. Internet hugs.	24
i'm so poor i don't even know any horse girls	25
Stop it don’t tell the outsiders.	3
Ah ok, good to know thank you much!	15
At least a feed of diazies stops me shitting the bed over the idea of a man wearing a dress. Uppa fuckin erps!!!	2
had to google mesosphere. good job.	0
I have a bad feeling about this.	14
Fuck Up would be more appropriate. Fuckin marketing wankers.	2
One of the best in the series imo	0
Fuck you my fortnite k/d is better bitch	2
This is so sweet. Thank you for being an awesome parent !	15
Hyperthyroidism? Best get into a GP and get bloodwork done because many of these symptoms cannot be explained by mental illness.	7
Makeup is magic my friend!	13
Sadly, the military is archaic about non-conforming relationships. :/ I wish more of these decals existed. 	8
My gf is a huge TSwift fan and loves Friends. R u tryna steal my girl pal	18
Yeah, 16 yearolds being attracted to other 16 yearolds sure is creepy... 	11
No worries girl it happens hahaha	1
"Why do people think the ""tide pod challenge"" was a real thing and not just a meme?"	7
oh [NAME] what did i do	26
i hope she is dead now and can not hurt anyone else.	20
"I started a play about a man with tourettes and no fingers. Critics called it ""offensive and pointless""."	3
What a wonderful world you lot live in!	0
Yes please. What's that @ ?	15
I’m just glad that the academy is FINALLY progressive enough to nominate a mediocre [NAME] biopic directed by a pedophile.	17
Hot damn... we're going to Sea World!	13
I found her advice very insightful. Maybe it will be of use to	15
i was there in october and i was shocked at the amount of people on the interstate just casually browsing facebook while driving.	26
Really liked your law and dragon ones man. Good stuff.	0
that's so wholesome 💜	0
Thank you for the thorough reply! I definitely can’t say I’m not lucky for a long time after this.	15
Glad to see you guys are treating him well	17
Thanks for the feedback!	15
[NAME] this is pretty funny bit of info he just revealed I guess he showed up and they were like yeah u got final say deal with it	1
Kabhi Khushi kabhi gam? Slightly different but raichands were rich and mother was doing pooja.	4
Aquaria looks great but her eyebrows look like gummy worms lmao	0
Classic Trap game... I'm nervous. Hope our boys aren't hungover.	19
You are unfortunately far and few between.	25
Sorry, not sorry, but this seems wrong and extremely disrespectful.	10
Wow thank you so much for explaining all that to me! It sounds like you guys have a great system going on - very organized.	15
You didn't like the joke? I thought it was an instant classic.	4
Thank you for mentioning that!	15
"Best way to ship an item that is roughly 120"" x 8"" x 8"" and weighs 45 lbs? Thank you!!"	15
I would be like pay me than or I won’t do anything for you again!	3
would make a great drop for a drum n bass track	0
Ah if they went to school together that makes more sense. I wasn't aware of that.	22
For Citynews dot ca that is really sad.	25
I feel like [NAME] was impossibly bad enough to warrant memes about him. [NAME] is just bad, boring, and too invisible to really hate.	2
What are these other non stick options?	7
I love listening to their votes and stuff. It's always so rowdy I love it	18
Do You Realize, by The Flaming Lips. But it's not really ruined because we ended/still are on good terms. It just kinda makes my heart feel heavy.	25
Those things still haunt my dreams to this day.	14
Oh god no!!! I was gonna get some shipped out to save you some money. Never mind.	26
A sad amount of time was spent making this.	9
thanks <3 *hugs*	15
30 you illiterate fuck	2
I will admit,I did chuckle a bit	4
Old school runescape, make an Ironman. It changes the game and makes everything so much more meaningful and fun :) hardcore if you enjoy stress	1
At least it made for hilarious responses by people being aghast by the price.	1
Hope you feel the same way when his rookie deal is up	20
Do we know if he was actually an anarchist? Because I've heard almost any historic assassin described as an anarchist	7
I'm so happy for you !	17
How dare you make an attempt to be kind!	2
I hope [NAME] makes a full recovery.	8
Same here. I kept listening to the damn puns.	4
Great, petty revenge instead of making your GF happy by removing [NAME] from her life, nice job!	0
He’s just awesome. It’s refreshing in a celebrity	0
No, you're stupid. Pronoun confusion is a side effect.	6
Ducks just happy. Hadn’t had a shit for days	17
If your greed kills 2 people, it's worse than your murder killing 1. I don't know how this is hard for you to understand. 	6
Me neither weeds is bad	4
My condolences.	25
Lol those stretch marks are from when I was obese...	1
I have never visited the NOLA, but I hear it has great blockparty and festival cultures (Mardis Gras being the main one)	0
I swear, this is the most brutal one of this year yet. 	25
Thanks for contributing to the advertising	15
"I read that more as ""shut up, hypocrite"" than ""he's not that bad""."	22
> neoprene kayaking gloves Thanks will check them out!!	15
...and? 20 year olds aren't incapable of not being hypocritical shit-stirrers?	6
Makes it even better that a multi millionaire successful pro athlete is shitting on him [NAME] damn I love me some sweet twitter roasting	18
I’m sorry for your loss op	24
This feels *so* cringeworthily thirsty after [NAME] ridiculous meet & greets recently.	9
Can’t wait to lose this one!	13
[NAME] said Monday was Columbus Day and those two bought it. Unbelievable.	26
I wish I could hear Waves with earbuds/headphones for the first time again	8
Sounds like a great idea that your nephew is moving away from her. She’d be an absolutely toxic mother.	0
I don’t think that tells us any moralising lesson on the practice of incest.	10
[NAME] is my least favorite on the station.	10
were you bored or board?	6
Is this him?	7
So? [NAME] was and is a far higher rated player than [NAME] as much as I like him.	18
"""Sponge Blurb Pubs Quaw Haha GURR ha AAa!"" finale is too real"	1
Oh man, I forgot about eBay! I have some old textbooks I’ve been meaning to put on there too.	22
>both parties are dumb >stupid tribalism 🤔🤔🤔	2
Can't wait to move out of the city so I can get a gun. No gun city living sucks	13
[NAME] is the prettiest person on This Show	0
I would love a lineup of [NAME], [NAME] he can play [NAME]), and [NAME].	18
Children taken below decks by [NAME]. Get out now	2
I am here to tell you that it really will work out okay! I have certainly felt like you before. It sucks to feel lonely.	9
Because it would look worse than 2D art.	10
And now, I would imagine it's impossible to own a Maserati without people constantly asking you if it goes 185.	20
Well I got checked at the last Toulon game haha, so not the case.	1
The UK having disdain for Ireland or Irish people isn’t exactly new.	3
Love him as an Irish fan, but his range isn't far enough for NFL	18
It seems like someone felt personally attacked, lol.	1
It’s only the 3rd safest car ever tested, can’t take any chances!	4
Yeah, The Donald seems to spread its purging mentality to most right leaning subreddits. Reminds me, I should get banned from r/theDonald again for quoting [NAME]	3
I'd punt her to another planet if she said that about my dog. Wtf is wrong with people. 😠	2
I'm polish too. I love my family but I would never even consider trying to live there trying to be happy.	18
It was pretty heart breaking, then the council came out and said they weren't going to collect them. Made a lot of people mad. 	25
Credit where credit is due.	6
Oh man, sorry to hear you’re feeling so alone. I’m feeling the same right now. 	12
"simply reply ""no."" sometimes youve gotta be rude."	10
I hate people who have the blinders on when it is one of their friends	11
That's literally insane considering we're talking about [NAME] and [NAME].	3
Yeah, well your just jealous that you don't have a cunt like me.	9
Thank you [NAME] master	15
"""Kids stay by the ram it's not safe"""	5
Really rude move to do that in the rest room though.	2
And she would would enjoy wearing	17
This is the cutest thing I've ever seen.	0
I love this game but even I'm not spending money till some of the bugs are fixed	18
I've had all this... except for the last part.	9
How cute. He thinks corporations are people.	0
Yeah that does, actually. Most of this is news to me. Thanks for actually providing some articles	15
I want the same drug OP is into thanks!	15
WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?!?!?!	2
Nice hiss!	0
Nimmo? Never heard of the guy. Never seen that infectious smile and everyday hustle before. Of course the Mets know what they have.	6
Whoa I'm impressed he returned the pillow to its original spot. Awesome parenting.	0
He most likely saw you and just didn’t care. Sadly.	25
His head bounced on the hardwood. Damn.	25
Vancouver is even more ridiculous.	11
My DVR did the same thing as yours Damn them.	3
If this is the original Thai (I think) one then I would say it was a pretty good watch. Haven’t watched any other versions	0
You mean, their gender. And no, we really just do as much as cis person.	10
Gotta love [NAME].	18
> I was more making fun of your spelling of Northbridg whoops	1
Downvoted before I realized what sub I was on	10
this study is bull but only cos my waist is just 2 inches larger than my head and im still dumb as hell	3
I come to this sub to see cool things lol. For me it's a better version of /r/pics	1
Yes my mother is ok with it.	4
He only said that to piss [NAME] off because he wanted her to kill him and put him out of his misery. He’s a good guy.	0
Gets right back on his phone call. I like it. Must’ve been one important booty call.	0
Guys help I can’t stop playing it, my hands are in so much pain!	25
What a catch, that's how you win championship games there. Wow.	0
I take care of my kids!	5
From the South and can confirm that [NAME] is an idiot and should be saying brink.	3
You hang your head in shame. Not because of this, but just in general.	12
Am I dense or is that not funny either?	6
This is true, but he's perceived as white by most liberals. 	4
There is always the risk of a team throwing him a stupid offer sheet. I still wish we would've thrown a max at [NAME].	8
Good tips!	0
Wow! There's no reason for this comment!	26
Resting up after a furious weekend of #MAGAboys hate. A xer has needs for xedz beauty rest	23
“WTF, He helped me? ...I’ll eat him last :)”	11
As long as [NAME] isn't suggesting [NAME] to the Lakers I'm ok with pretty much any Ringer rumor	4
I know. And it's very selfish of me to say, but I just wish it was different people that cared.	8
Is the Queen movie bad? That makes me sad. I'm still watch it anyway.	25
Idk if I want [NAME] back but I agree with [NAME] ONLY if he keeps playing at this level by the end of he season.	6
this is epic satire, too bad its close to much of what the right unironically believes	0
One need not spend much time in the justice system to understand that this remains very much a real possibility in 2019.	22
I wish I could believe in myself	8
Haha yeah, apparently their ringleader just got banned on Twitter. 	17
Let's hope he doesn't change his mind.	20
According to them, it's perfectly acceptable to have intimacy with a woman and then ghost/block her number. Lol.	1
100% agreed. If wanting people to understand the meaning of my comment makes me a coward, then I don't wanna be fucking brave.	4
Whoops! My mistake	12
Oops, just kidding [NAME], got you.	1
I was so sad when they took SG1 off of Netflix. I guess it’s on Prime now? I need to rewatch that show.	25
Aww, look at you still wearing your hospital bracelets even. 	1
Trust me, if its a person you have feelings for and she/ he just wants your body, thats really painful.	25
The only excuse for folding there pre is timing out. Ever. (I really hope that's what happened)	8
No I actually really like that I don’t have to pump my own gas.	4
The idea of that sucks!	3
This is the correct answer. I've seen more stupid memes about this show before I'd even seen it.	4
Keep trying! :) I’ve just had a look and enjoyed the ones of yours I read.	0
Hey fellow conservative, you seem concerned. 	5
You're a good man, [NAME]	0
Wow the Doc on her was confusing me because so many other sports peak *after* college. Cool.	6
She might be hungry too since she didn’t lose her head ... feed that skinny thang	5
I didn't know there was a name for that.	6
The only thing better than winning for a Vikings fan is reveling in the losses of our enemies.	4
This would be boring as hell	3
thank [NAME] it was returned	15
Wouldn't it be great if [NAME] went down with charges?	7
Oh fuck off already.	2
He has been horrible in pull up situations but not horrible with catch and shoot this season.	3
Poor cat got his ass kicked by a crab, rope and broom.	25
It looks like Marvin the Martian's ship. I'm still geeked as hell though. Also glad they provided a space suit for scale.	13
THAT DOES IT!	4
You're simply suggesting betrayal in a different form.	3
Holy fuck that stop, good shit [NAME]	2
"I find it hard to say ""no"" to anyone, but I knew if I didn't, he would have done exactly what you said. "	4
This is a thing of beauty	0
U have the Balls to do this	0
There is an actual subreddit for cheating. It's disgusting.	11
You’re a good man. Stay blessed	0
sometimes i look up at the stars and i wonder if [NAME] is masterbating to our conversation somewhere out there	26
Someone on live chat of the reveal stream said how he actually got confused why they were show casing a Scarlet skin	6
I just got got and I like it	0
Unfortunately later died from eating tainted meat. [NAME] BBC documentary 'dynasties' followed the marsh pride, the lion episode was awesome	0
Guessing the bra sizes of anime characters after having stared at them for so long... That's... an interesting hobby.	18
love that, we need more women like you 	18
if the game would stop crashing on my ps4 that would be great :c	0
I have never seen [NAME]?	7
^^ a better idea	4
There’s something I love about the idea of eating a cheap meal on fancy tableware	18
Always look before you jump.	5
I'm not having any thoughts that are safe for me to publicly type.	10
Surely you've read this sub's rules. Come on, man.	4
I was thinking the same and was relieved when I read peed on kitchen floor!	23
Why? im not familar with the situation. This is the best Nebraska team in decades from what i can see	6
what the fuck	2
Woah, cool!	26
Why have you linked a random wiki article? I don't understand your point? What are you trying to claim?	6
Yes, and you must be a loonbag. 	4
I’m sorry there was trouble, but I’m glad it ended as okay as it did.	15
Thanks! Clearly I am new to reddit. Thx!	15
That's interesting I can definitely relate. I ask going to ask if people are cis too but I didn't wanna confound gender with sexuality	4
Enjoy spending yours oblivious and phony, slowly realizing as time progresses how very wrong you are. 	22
There is a difference, because unless something had given them encouragement, they'd still be feeling negative about it. 	10
i've never been baby crazy but goddamn if i'm not always craving an adorable puppy in my arms 😭😭	10
Our majestic space ship!	0
This is alright, but [NAME] deserves a higher rating	0
Definitely not. It would be so boring to have no chance year after year.	10
Wise words :) she is quite remarkable in so many ways. I guess that I will just see or won't see :D	0
Hugs hugs hugs. So many big hugs and good vibes. That's the only thing I know how to say right now.	17
Thank you for the kind words :)	15
He really would be. It's not even an abortion anymore!;It's just post-birth killing!	11
When you feel nervousness, tell yourself it's just excitement. Makes a world of difference. :)	5
I understand completely. People have no memory or understanding of the true horror of these diseases. I am truly glad you have decided to vaccinate. Blessings [NAME]	15
Don’t worry about the baby but yes worry about your mom...	5
>hasn't been any form of arrested development Well fuck	2
Sure but what are you basing that off of? If [NAME] is the best jump-ball receiver, wouldn't that make him the best red zone receiver?	6
amendments are allowed on monday to mays deal, i'd be amazed if no one kills her deal	26
Happy Birthday!	13
agree with the messaging but such a cringe video	4
You're the biggest sack of shit to post here in some time.	9
What's the song name?	7
I’m embarrassed how long it took for me to figure this out. 🤦🏼‍♀️	12
I'm most excited, honestly, for the new batches of eastern coral antivenom.	13
I really want to see the paw prints.	7
There's those people that compliment me all the time and you can tell it's so forced and fake and I honestly dont know what to say	3
I'll think about prime, just heard a lot of negative about them that spooks me some.	9
Have you been to the doctor to get checked out? Could be low thyroid.	7
Except... that's exactly what I was taught in [RELIGION] school. One god, theee aspects.	4
Sorry, didn't know where else to put it	24
I actually rooted for you guys that Seahawks game, but now I feel the true pain. 	25
Yeah after an hour he started walking and eating. But for now he’s staying inside my home for the week	22
Thank you for this	15
This seems like a colossally unimportant thing to sign a petition over.	10
I love this sub reddit 😍😂	18
I understand that there are issues. However, if someone chose to stay away from Perth due to the violent behaviour then where would they go on holiday?	6
You shouldn't skip to any scene. This is a masterpiece from start to finish.	0
thats terrifying. how can people do that to their own citizens?	14
Stupid sexy squidward	2
Oh right. I can probably google it. I’m sure it’s in horrible taste, but I’m like dying to know now	7
Interesting. I’m not a troll.But if it makes you feel better...	5
Not a doctor but I don’t think so. Carbon monoxide displaces oxygen, but it doesn’t destroy lung tissue that i know of. 	10
Thanks for this. I was about to relapse but am still going strong.	15
We’ve done this twice, we have four awesome trees from them. Awesome organization!	0
Literally nothing. Every single thing on my body is ugly. I'm not exaggerating or imagining things.	3
Came here to say exactly this. It's almost the same scene, as if he tried to recreate it	10
Last event went well, 40+ signups. Looking forward to some new faces this time. Special surprise for the winner!	26
That's gonna be a no from me dawg	10
This is the most scary [NAME] can ever be to me, cause it’s also the most real he could ever be 😂	14
Well it looks like I am going to spend at least a year renting to check the city out	22
They didn’t take it; you abandoned it. A TSA agent clarified that for me once. I hope you can replace it easily.	20
"i dont think theyre planning beyond ""screw over them liberal educators that are ruining our children with their sjw bullshit"" themed rants"	3
Part of being an adult is putting awkward on the back burner because some things are more important and need to be said.	4
Then you should probably get out more.	20
"Even worse: ""Share something interesting about yourself."" Suddenly I become the most boring person ever to exist."	22
In that case... Happy Amnesia Day!	13
I'm 58, my 40 year wife is 59, and my handfasted wife is 64. I'm so in love with both of them!	18
Would the state be effected by the federal shut down? I’m not sure how far reaching the shut down is.	6
Damn it, now that he's out of prison he's unqualified to work for the [NAME] administration. 	9
Fucking Synths. -[NAME]	2
Sorry, yes they do. [NAME] is the worst QB mentioned in that list.	10
I HAVE EYE PROBLEMS NOW IM REALLY YELLING	25
I'm happy to hear all that.	17
Some people have no shame or sense of self-worth. It’s sad.	25
Clearly there is only one way to solve this dilemma; COMMUNISM!	4
[NAME]! Get a DAMN good lawyer! Glad you're okay.	3
I hope having family in high places will help me gain opportunities to liberate others.	20
Agree with most of above apart from TERA is no cash grab unlees you just want to fast forward a little with gear and it really is a little lol	4
Yeah I switched to maining NM in 6 as well and it was the exact wrong game to do that lol	1
We're in it... and now [NAME] is going to the bench? Gotta good feeling!	17
Heart breaking* sorry haha	24
Well I get annoyed when they dont, because I'm always the one to answer within 30 seconds.	3
This is a genuinely good point. It’s enough to take me from giving zero shits to giving a modest shit against them.	4
Lol I’m just fucking around I can wait	3
Recently swapped my sanwa out back for a hori with a heavy spring . it feels really good	0
I love the 90s for all the same reasons. It was so comfy and effortless! And yes!!! All evidence can remain hidden!!!	18
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **2nd Cakeday** rebel_alliance05! ^(hug)	18
0 <----- This is how many people were surprised	26
The fried baloney is amazing.	0
Wife of a lawyer. This is correct	4
Every one hates him so your just bragging you hate him too to be cool . Its not a confession unless u say something u regret	3
What’s the most amount of goals that have been scored total between both teams at the rock?	7
Yes - thanks for this. Have just finally contacted a counsellor after talking about it for years.	15
Will add to Plano's directory when I make it. Thanks!	15
[NAME] has been playing pretty nice since he's been freed from dnps	0
Because of reading comprehension fails? Maybe we should all be reading more. :)	22
oh thank you! im relatively new-ish and did not know that	15
I am so excited for tonight's episode! It's barely even started *_*	13
Lol, some guntards stepped out of the echo chamber and sounded completely unhinged.	1
I like Sao very much, bit not because of the game setting, for other reasons. The game itself sucks, tbh.	18
It's alright. This is just an unpleasant memory now. Kind of rude of your brother though!	4
Bless your dog!	5
I've done that in the past. It means he's stupid drunk and is missing you at the moment.	2
Why are you assuming the guy will be locked up? What terrorists have we released from prison?	7
Who cares? I like fat people's opinions there.	7
"The movie with crispy Lord [NAME]. ""Good Evening, [NAME]."""	15
This guys still alive?	6
"Love him! ""Thank You God"" is one of my favorites of his."	18
Damn this kid and her fancy clothes makes me feel like a bad parent.	3
Fantastic read, thanks for the insights! 	15
I can safely and honestly attest that I have had *nothing* to do with any disappearances of any sort. ~~[NAME] has already touched the reply button.~~	4
This is a solid list, and I will totally allow Scream to count. Surprised to see 10 Things below She's All That tho.	26
The kidd series is by far my favorite. Much more lighthearted than the prey books.	0
Hahaha how old are your sons? They're mixin' batches with your body wash hahaha	1
Too cute for me. Why cant i have a boyfriend *[NAME]*	18
It took me a moment but it was unexpected and got a laugh	1
I wish your mom had used the stick on his mom and explained that she has to be allowed to do it because otherwise she'd cry.	8
THANK YOU [NAME]	15
Very true. Having a 3rd pair of [NAME] and [NAME] has been solid	4
its becoming increasingly concerning that you refer to yourself in the plural.	5
Do you have anything special you say to yourself to help facilitate that? I think I might need a snappy mantra to remind myself to chill out.	7
Make the fro bigger, and it will be a perfect master piece. Rating 9.9 out of 10	0
Dudes never show any interest in me irl so I was just thinking about getting a Tinder. Seems like people have much lower standards on there so fuck it	9
I feel you, names are the worst. 	11
I was gonna report for hate but then I realized...	22
That looks so awesome	0
While you were listening to [NAME] he was idolizing [NAME].	0
Thats true. Those kinds of drinks can give you a heart attack.	4
that is not true. I often shoot the rifle round the blast 2 shots from the double barrel. Unless it got changed recently.	10
I hope this doesn't means we won't get to see [NAME] as playable god.	20
Yay! Smug buddies!	13
i love his face for that split second after he is hit	18
Da’ts a beauty. Got sniped at auction with seconds left to lose [NAME] from this summer.	0
the game certainly feels unfinished, at least on PC. some horrible mouse controls, using a controller is almost necessary.	3
I kill him before he kills me during the date	2
Love the flower, and hope you feel better!	18
You should probably use that time to make a decent argument not the other thread then, I'm just going to leave you here .	5
6% of [NAME] is [NAME] so it wouldn't be a shock if he was of this community.	4
Don't even bother with him lol. He's a mindless sexist, doesn't believe facts at all lmao	1
Oh jeez, just took back my upvote I gave this photo. Thanks for telling us, that's extremely messed up	15
I’ve missed my sweet prince	18
Why should I care what he thinks?	3
He's not an ugly guy, but 8 is too high. He's between 5-6.	4
Far from it. Name me one player that's ever left NY that we wanted to retain. I'll wait.	8
What about the hipster couple? Were you able to get their lawn on track?	7
She seems like the quality girl I'd like to marry and introduce to my parents	0
When she gives you the 10 minute hangry warning	3
I feel like I lost focus... I have not accomplished anything and the clock isn't really stopping	9
Score is currently 12-12 when 25:th round begins and [NAME] has 35-10 stats. Insane.	3
That ESPN intro made me emotional 😭	25
Yep I'd sub baking powder for the oil. You want them dry	7
I know. Idk what to say after they say they already have one. I say oh good! And then it's awkward	12
"If you have to ask ""how to know if I'm ready for psychedelics"" then you are clearly not ready."	10
I’m laughing so I don’t cry	1
Maybe try a flashlight next to her bed, so she can turn it on and look around if she gets scared?	6
Satire satire satire satire Please O lod almight plez be satire	8
[NAME] is a pretry big role to fill. I hope you do well!	20
I appreciate your honesty.	0
X+n is an even worse option for class caps, so you have pointed out that an old broken system is now more broken. Thanks. 	15
For sure. I am infatuated with sharks, and much of that obsession comes from absolute fear haha. 	1
This is great!	0
Oh, their theme gives me anxiety.	19
Didn't even notice until you *pointed* it out. I had a bit of a giggle.	22
Female INTP and i concur! Especially the kids bit! And the Adorkable!	4
The weapon wasn’t made until 1918-1919 so hopefully this will never be real	20
Shrug. Cant blame anyone other than your parents.	2
For real! So happy they just put season 2 on hulu	17
We love you!!!!! And we would love if you still made them	18
I hope there's a 3rd jump ball.	20
I used this one just last night. Worked like a charm	4
Lol, that slomo	1
Keep up the good work	0
Well thanks. Digital currency is one thing I personally havent gotten into yet.	15
Who specifically are we gonna sue? The industry! Lol	1
Crack whores are hooking in broad daylight now, eh?	7
Sorry if Im slow here but what does Milan or [NAME] have to do with this? Hes going to Inter or Arsenal,no?	24
Hey, Is this in Portugal? I recognize the francesinha sauce. (greetings from Porto)	7
Guns go off accidentally all the time. Don’t point them at someone unless you plan to kill them.	5
Im almost done with season 7 now. This show ans the office were probably my two all time favorite shows.	18
That's interesting, considering that the other area is Mt. Tremblant, which is a real area of Quèbec.	0
Oh noooo. I once accidentally rubbed my eye after handling habaneros. It's the worst.	11
I once got flowers from a girl... idk why but it just feels good	17
I miss it but it was op	9
You're so right. I'll remove my arms post haste.	22
"I feel like Canadian Tire only exists still because ""I guess I'll go to Canadian Tire, they'll have it"""	4
Thank you so much for sharing this... really opened my mind.	15
Not to assume things here but why would you gas yourself over [NAME], kid is a fucking monster	3
This interview has so much gold in it. The Wreck it Ralph bit is my favourite.	20
See the other one has advertising that hides the fucking stupid [NAME] that's the difference!	2
He is just awful enough to do something like that.	11
[NAME] would be an exciting guy to bring here. I think he'd at some help at RB, especially if [NAME] ain't interested	13
Time for a courageous conversation!	13
[NAME] at least has a pretty face and great skin. [NAME] looks like a cabbage patch kid.	0
The design was interesting. But it had a lot of flaws	0
Fuck. That.	2
I don't know who the hell that is, but I will gladly upvote your post because it's not a stupid driving rant.	6
[NAME] gave me depression because had I been left unchecked I would have bested him in hand to hand combat by age 16	9
I woke up drunk and mouthy	11
I never said anything about a crowded city. Immigration is not causing rural (or even suburban) areas to turn into crowded cities.	4
Pharmacy residencies started that in 2017 and honestly it makes the process so much better for both candidates and applicants.	4
Your parents must have adopted.	4
I wish, have to wait 3 weeks	20
The history of horrible things the federal government has done is well documented. The same way the federal government does it, with income taxes.	14
I still love Asian women. They will always be number 1 for me (exlcuding [NAME] of course)	0
Like whoever you want to like but don’t treat people poorly based on superficial factors is ultimately the best advice	4
Hahahahaha I love this idea. I’m totally doing this!	1
haha they definitely test for patience... looking at you gov.uk, and the whole of hmrc if I'm honest.	1
And then get frustrated when they realize the internet isn't censored and then call for censorship.	3
ha, hardly. maybe the biggest city. Russia is fucking huge.	4
I could see that nobody wants to be called ignorant. I also learned about the fallacy from [NAME].	4
Yep! And the buns seemed so much fresher then. Last time I went, years ago, it was terribly disappointing.	9
I love it when drama comes home to roost	18
Fair enough. Thanks for the input.	15
I may be mistaken but I believe it’s illegal to fly over the north and south poles for any aviator	4
> The makeup is very technically sound You have a point. I can hear it from here.	0
[NAME], stop being [NAME].	10
I'm going to blow your fucking mind. I dip my Hawaiian pizza in ranch. Booooooooom.	13
Damn I've only seen kittens snuggle like that that's adorable	0
So you spectate all the people that kill you? Stop talking bullshit.	2
Just gonna say it. Bahahahahahaha	1
I wish they let him do the quatrains once a week during the NFL season.	8
I’m afraid I just blue myself	14
happy cake day.	17
That is disgusting. No one should act like that to you. I'm so sorry that happened.	11
I rate [NAME] highly, so this is good news.	17
Agreed, probs an older brother. Source: am an older brother	4
Haha...what kind of fan base would do that?	1
Shaming. Lol	1
In that I should not have posted it or it's just really blatant	22
No Deal has a decent chance of leading to Scotland and NI leaving and thus the end of the United Kingdom	10
It was an honor just to be nominated. Being a runner-up is a dream come true ( I keep my dreams realistic and attainable).	15
She has an amazing voice	0
ITS A GOOD BOI!!	0
Eh. I say it's accurate.	4
My bad I just realized it, I’m 31M and she’s 31F	12
What law did they break? This is just another example abusing a system for profit without the necessary laws in place to protect people.	7
:( disappointed, i expected to give out personal therapy cats.	9
I wanted to romance [NAME] more than I've wanted to romance more than any other character in the series. Such an awesome dude	0
Great talent, this. No ysts reaction, but I still appreciate it.	0
He was a good dude.	0
Omg at this rate he's gonna be in the next smash bros	26
I did this once with a chimichanga. I was 11 and I cried	22
How is this a racism?	7
I use to play with colored pencils as a child, I also use to play with chapsticks and lipsticks too! They are very entertaining!	17
That's a better love story than Twilight!	0
Yeah, I'm like I'll get on and play some Magic Arena, but every time I'm like this game is terrible AF. 	22
I wonder if we need to find a way, as a people, to not be so dependent on the government. 	26
Do you want help with the big words ?	7
Banks! I knew it!	4
Nah it's just weird that they wouldn't try diazepam first since it's so often used.	10
Slovenia is awake and ready for some Mavs magic!	13
I actually enjoy doing this on my own. Am I weird?	17
I think this would be common amongst musicians. I wonder if it's related to this discovery regarding muscle memory or if it's something else?	7
My comment provided shame. I am nothing.	12
Your actions mean your gf is still being bullied. Nice move	0
u fucked up	2
[NAME] bless [NAME]!	5
That's a pretty bad example ngl lol	10
I hate it when mom and dad fight.	25
That's why I don't open Instagram that much	3
That rain bit was hilarious.	1
Increase in robberies on pot shops. I really hope not though.	20
What a greedy person. 8 years jail and hopefully disgraced out of his profession.	20
Prayers for Dipo you guys. Just had a gruesome injury	5
I wish to die with my will and spirit intact!	8
Hard agree it’s sooo creepy. I hope she’s ok that man had serial killer written all over him.	20
oh [NAME] this is horrible	11
Awesome footage. The one child signing to look into his eyes looks as though he is jaundiced. His eyes are quite green yellow colour.	0
Omg her fake laugh there. I cringe.	3
O.o love it 👌	18
The last book feels like a dream. It's ridiculously bad, imo 	2
I suggest going to the food carts. Buy some legal weed. Enjoy the bars. Go to Washington Park.	5
Wouldn't have it any other way. Fuck my DNA. Fuck nucleotides.	2
I hope barely anyone watches it, it's so aggressive, full of cringe and makes him look childish	3
Thanks all. It was a league game in our local bar. The dealer rotates on each hand. Lesson learned from me.	15
Is that what it's called now?	7
Nah u mad lol	1
I would love to hang out with him & listen to his stories	18
Oh, I would refuse to do anything really nasty, with profanity or violence.	10
I’ve gone through it before, and it sucks. I’m still a little hazy and withdrawn.	3
[NAME] is having a visible affect on his game and I love it. I think we are witnessing the development of a future star.	18
Apologies but what movie is this from?	7
162 Again, for the 7th straight year. Like usual lol	1
And they wonder why they don't seem trustworthy. Maybe someone should tweet about it and they'd notice.	26
You gotta block the name out, sweets.	9
It's uncanny	26
True. But that is one out of many.	4
Turgeon offense at it's finest. The ball never gets past the three point line and [NAME] just hits a three in someone's face.	4
Good luck! The life ahead of you holds 1000% more promise than the one you are leaving behind. They caused this ... not you.	15
Fair enough haha	1
Yeah I meant it has a cork in it. Sorry for the confusion haha	1
oh, he was in the bathroom, they forgot to count him	22
Ok thank you	15
all the more reason to not give a fuck about CFF	2
What a political whore Uncle [NAME] is!	2
I hate having to take my shoes off!	2
Out of curiosity, what do you see in Verdugo that gets you to legendary?	7
Look at the size of those shorts!	26
This is the single dumbest defense out there for aim assist. This shit is just retarded.	3
I'd be extremely shocked if we don't get [NAME]. As for [NAME], I don't know much about him	26
Hell yes!	13
I wish I could come up with a bad cat joke in response to that.	8
"I just want to note that ""Live Photo"" is something how I'd expect [NAME] describe a video."	8
I know the feeling, but you’re not disgusting. Happy new year!	13
I’m stuck at work tonight so I missed it 😢😢	25
When I was her age I had 3 jobs... oh you have like 18... get off my lawn!	2
are you speaking from experience?	7
I always hope that a woman will ask me out...next time it happens will be the first.	20
It's understandable to be in so much pain and agony after losing a child. If I may ask, was this your first baby?	7
Wish you the best of luck and greener pastures!	5
I don’t see anything awful on her. She’s old. That’s it.	10
Lol valid question, but yes. We've been using the bf and gf terminology for about 5 months.	1
So excited!! Probably gonna be my new main ⚔️🛡	13
Oh! That explains why your teeth look like they’re covered by something haha	1
That's a pretty cat. It would be nice if it could go to Rocky Mountain Feline Rescue, as they are no-kill.	0
when was the last time our PP was good	7
That explains it, I rarely report people anymore This Khajit informs the other Khajit that it is welcome	15
Would love to share this on twitt and FB ...	18
[NAME] had a great idea about this problem actually	0
The part that shocks me is that they allowed him to wear shorts in regular class.	26
He wasn’t just a good boye He was the bestest	0
JACKPOT!!!	13
Big thanks to OP for that magnificent wall. I guess that we can reopen the government now.	15
"I love when that happens. I call it ""butt cuddles"" and we do it all the time lol!"	1
its pretty wholesome tho	0
And what’s your thoughts on that specific scenario? Now I’m curious.	7
Lol you got us there hahahahahaha way cheaper too	1
Your wife is very lucky to have you. I hope my WS feels like this one day. I pray for it every night.	8
My friend is watching Grey's for the first time and she also got to this episode late last week. Weird.	7
Typo...RBG lol	1
It does IMO, I like being proud of India and I can not be proud if [NAME] wins.	20
Yawning at the insults to me, not the Woman	3
> But you will probably find you are noticeably worse looking at 40 than you are at 27. Well that's disappointing.	9
Is that why you stayed so long? :P	6
I live in Baltimore and heard she will have an office out of here. Any details on how I can volunteer for her campaign?	7
I feel like that’s not the best spot for a beach	10
Why do you want it to be the world's leader and savior, outta broken and needs some alone time. 	7
I waited 15 days for this joke, I'm so proud of this community.	21
"I love you guys but.....""existence"""	18
I love the thumbnail dude, but I’m already Soldier	18
Yeah, my schedule has been brutal for the past 2-3 years. This year it has become my objective to get more involved to get-in with more parents.	4
I mean I guess your prostate is healthy right?	6
didn’t know [NAME] was still alive	26
Yeah some kid in a BMW ran me off the road. I didnt just crash had some help.	19
The [NAME] of horror!	14
It isn’t that bad :/	4
There was nothing innovating lol. It was good but chill	1
Great job! Hats off to you.	0
Must not have been the [NAME] of his day... But seriously though i hope he's alright..	5
It's likely that they don't have much, yet still make poor financial decisions.	9
"Weird how ive been ""attempted"" the same scam twice and im just a nobody.. Probably more or less amatur x'D"	12
Ah, didn’t know that but can’t blame him. Thanks!	15
If they rig the DNC once, they can do it again.	4
I think some idiotic members are extremist, but for the most part they just hate mass unchecked immigration.	3
[NAME] looked great!	0
This is something that's not brought up enough.	22
Rule number 1: never dye your hair while drunk haha	1
It's unrelated to the post yet I'm laughing out loud	1
The Citadel has given us much to be thankful for.	15
[NAME] is such a pretty lady. I'm jealous of those huge eyes!	0
Oh that's actually really interesting. So IQ of the general population would be a bell curve by definition?	7
This is really great!!	0
I love rational comments.	18
Lol! Too funny. Mine are depressed, they gave up. :(	1
Wow, again? You deleted and reposted it after I called you out not even 5 minutes ago! #desperate	22
Oh nice!	0
There are too many depressing headlines on the news. This story made me laugh.	1
Nicely framed.	0
Implying there was a shootout in the restaurant? I wouldn’t feel safe at all if I were caught in crossfire	7
That's so sweet, you have good friends. How old did you turn that birthday?	0
We were playing bots for 30 mins... Not fun but i am happy i finally did it	17
that was clearly only one pump, bad call	9
He already has 2 fouls	4
will do, thanks	15
Love this!!!	18
I believe if he did (and she didn’t) then he SHOULD be in even more trouble. They can easily fact check that.	4
Is it bad that I would actually probably buy that? Those come in handy for defrosting windows.	6
This is the game that finally lost my faith.	9
If you're more concerned about a potential person than an actual person, you should get out of medicine. You aren't qualified.	3
Looks weirdly fake Edit: turns out it’s real	26
I like that that guy didn't make a snarky remark in 2015 because he was upset that another MP was sitting in his usual seat.	18
Need some new prog material, I'm stoked to listen to it!	13
My faith in humanity is restored. Your good deed has been noted on the Big Board of Doing Nice Things.	0
You can't freely make a decision when your opinions are a shitty contract or life on the streets. That is not freedom.	10
The fact that this statement got downvoted shows how worthless some people on here are.	11
Because I want to be with someone but no one wants to be with me.	25
The famous tank man. We know close to nothing about him. So I rather preferred to think he is living his life peacefully.	0
"They had been chanting ""we want tacos!"" Lol"	1
Thanks for the advice man ! Have a great New Year’s Eve	15
Why is it dumb? It's not like once people get married they believe in a society that looks down on premarital sex. Maybe you missed my point.	6
I feel your pain...	25
Can't believe this game actually released in the state it's in complete joke , should be criminal	10
oh my [NAME] is this real	26
You're in for a treat- enjoy :)	17
unplanned pregnancy != rape Not commenting on the beings involved in the story up above, but seriously those two things are not equivalent	10
lol, thank u. i might just not be the smartest, always possible	1
> The parents don’t parent anymore. I am sure this fact is well referenced in [NAME] new curriculum.	4
Wait so you can get an acre of rainforest for $35? I mean, it would be way cheaper at that volume but still that's real cheap	26
You his SO?	6
I'd be able to give you more helpful advice if you could be a little more clear with your situation and what you're asking.	5
[NAME] is legit! Loving this move.	18
This is a long shot here, but do you think we could eventually edit genes to produce longer life spans? Or maybe to stay younger for awhile?	7
This makes so much sense. Seems she has been icing me. Time to call it quits	22
Such a hilarious way to put it, and omg yup.	1
No they don't.	10
cross post to /r/palestine they will love this	18
That sounds terrible, man. Have you been to a doctor yet?	5
Very very sweet!! Tell us how it goes!	0
so nice i had to put her twice	0
Thank you!	15
Yeah lets hope so, i hear the IRA is very forgiving of rich folk.	20
Woodfield Mall is pretty good still.	0
I recommend here a kind of jazz bar that enjoy a meal and drink. Famous place in seoul	4
I probably should have seen that... I watched it without sound, and just thought the guy was drunk.. 	22
I like how his actual clone comes running up to him to congratulate him on that recovery	13
*Well well well, if it isn’t [NAME] the platypus. Totally unexpected, and by unexpected in mean TOTALLY EXPECTED!!*	26
As a fellow shuffle/jamskater this makes me really happy lol.	1
Spending my first day ever in Europe. In Oslo, with an amazing girl I met visiting Texas from Norway about a year ago. 	17
Lucky, when I did it my nickname ended up being [NAME]	17
That was what our media guys said but he is now 1/3 in the shootout (was 1/2). No clue how they butchered that one so badly.	6
And I laughed	17
yep i don't know how are aren't up	6
Great thanks! Just wanted to be prepared in case of OT or something	15
The TV anime series is, at least, atrociously bad and stupid. Is full of deus ex and silly cliffhangers.	9
But you clearly agree with most or some of his ideas, do you not?	7
hey uhhhh I love you	18
Wow, how did a kid manage to eat a whole watermelon over the space of 47 hours!	26
Looks gorgeous on u 😍😍	0
While this makes me happy to know, it would probably be for the best if we didn't post these things where abusers can find out about them.	17
Cheers!!	17
My tongue is still a little scorched lol. But totally worth it	1
[NAME] was the [NAME] of the [NAME] years. Didn't realise he was still about.	22
This honestly explains so much. Thanks for some insight into myself lol	15
Fuck you, tincan. *reads username* Wait ignore the tin can part, fuck *specifically you* in general. 	2
Your comments are nothing but rhetorical ways of telling me I'm wrong. Zero substance.	10
wow i watch the video fews time and I'm still amazed	0
What are the sequels called? Loved Infernal Affairs	18
This is painful	25
You'd think people who have this high an opinion of themselves would be more open to taking advice on how to beat certain matchups. Enjoy being a scrub.	17
Thank you! I’ll give it a listen tonight😊	15
Lol, nice try. 	1
No more like he took away their talking point about paying federal workers. Lol salty downvote	1
Thank you that’s sweet of you (:	15
Can I do this just by calling my provider? I didn’t know that I could do that	7
What’s all this [NAME] business? Edit: Thanks for the info below everyone 😇	7
I have a shirt with a picture that is very similar to this	22
 Don't be so stupid. Terrorism is inherently political, religion is just one of the tools used to carry it out. 	10
this is great TV. I want to see her do this on Legends	0
Or the long con. My Dad guilted me into taking care of my Grandmother for her.	3
Ugh yeah it’s really tiring. I’m in a public place right now and just had like, 3 mood swings. 	3
WHAT THE FUCK	2
Shared misery *always* makes me feel better :D	17
I like were ur head is.	18
Man, and I thought the princess and the toad was an odd story	11
Interesting. Are there any studies that show that it’s not natural for humans?	7
Yeah it’s not a fatal error, hopefully [NAME] and [NAME] can stay healthy next year and hit that milestone or at least flirt close to it. 	20
“We only let him jump around for 12 hours a day!” Wow. I’m so sorry this is happening to you.	24
😭I appreciate the feedback <3	0
That's what I say, but the commercial is clearly pandering.	4
Awe! That sucks!	2
OK name it. It will help. As for as merc is concerned, no worries reached tier one already	5
When asked about my hopes for the Wild, i always (half) jokingly say, “i hope my grandkids can see them raise their first Cup”	20
We, the fans, are the losers here.	25
Damn dude, can’t believe I never considered this possibility.	26
Thanks bro!	15
I think we'll find out how apt this comparison is within the next few years.	20
Yep. First Monday of 2019.	13
This is gatekeeping at it's worst People can be heartless Idiots it's amazing	0
I feel like this should be a copypasta... It's correct and I want the message to be spread...Can we make this a thing lol	1
The real bad beat.	9
[NAME] these are hideous	11
"*Bride walks by* B: ""You ruined my wedding [NAME], great to see you!"""	3
women dont seem to think so.	10
Thank you for the advice!	15
Do you have proof for what you said scientifically and mathematically ?	7
This is amazing.	0
I’ve just said that both biology and social norms play a part? How is that me saying that there are no biological differences?	7
Someone on r/nba said [NAME] was borderline elite defensively...lol	1
Death treats are for immature people, I'm sorry you received them. Comparing you to flat earthers is not far off though.	25
Non-stop fun.	1
I was just quoting the president (through his press secretary) to be honest.	8
could you live upstate? Maybe take the truck home with you and live close to the pick up terminal?	7
[NAME], I had. It *was* a repressed memory, thanks.	15
Don't forget the awkward tomboys.	11
This was posted at the exact same time as another guy posted it on here, and that scares me.	14
I don't understand our immigration restrictions. It's not like we don't have room up here	3
28 weeks!!?! modern medicine is AMAZING!	0
I am starting to get very concerned with [NAME] and [NAME]	5
Once a week. It was a semi expensive seafood place, but it also had a poppin sports bar/happy hour vibe. An interesting place for sure 	17
Thank you very much. I try my best to follow my steps from therapy, but it seems to be my biggest hurdle.	15
You’re the meme this sub jokes about.	1
[NAME] you sound like my father, I feel sorry for you	24
Interesting, I haven't actually heard of an app that does that. Makes no sense to me, even with serious memory issues.	0
Nobody is shaming them for trying to stop article 13. Youtube is being shamed for being hypocrites.	12
I love bloodborne, I started my second play through but quit after I got busy with school stuff.. need to go back to it though.. love that game 	18
Man that dude seems to be having a blast at the character select screen. I'm so hyped, where do I sign up?	6
I have an honest question for you sir. Wouldn't a person who went through that hell be more humble and understanding than someone who didn't?	7
April 2018– so this sub is now all about finding the outrage needles in the haystack, eh? 	7
Yea idk what to tell ya man sorry. Not sure why it’s doing that	24
WHAT?! You dare insult the band of gods?! Typical teen, I hate my own generation! *screams in 16 year old*	2
Beer bottles and his ex's old stuff. Because if country music has taught me anything its that all that exists is a gun, alchohol and some girl you lost. 	22
I am so terribly sorry you lost your dad to this horrendous disease. Judging by this photo, he had a terrific smile.	16
I love CoD4	18
Omg wow, this is great. Thank you so much!	15
Depay being a flop at United comes to mind, so good now.	0
Some rambling paragraphs about what a waste I am and how sorry I am to be a disappointment to those around me and that sort.	9
You seem horrible	14
you are pathetic.	25
His sentences don’t contradict. You just have poor comprehension.	10
They know a lot of people aren't paying attention to the quieter news that doesn't get sensationalized	4
"I stoped telling story because ''[NAME]""*. Drawing makes me look intensely people to measure their ratio and understand their shapes. That's my new fun"	17
Yeah, I was very sad to read that!	25
I feel shot in the heart.	25
Yeah, I read that the first time. Nobody is forcing you, other than yourself.	4
So I heard. How is she, haven't seen her in a while.	7
I am extremely excited to read this.	13
What a great shitpost. How did he even come up with this	0
Sounds like your location overall sucks. Have you ever thought about getting a work visa elsewhere with a more accepting attitude?	4
I went to high school with [NAME], never would have thought he’d be an isles fan lol	1
I know from personal experience that that can be the end of any good relationship.	4
Why can't I get Hulu in Canada yet!! So annoying	3
Yup, I'm sick with a mild cold	4
I was responding to the title of the post (not the article). Did you call OP racist? I’m guessing not.	6
But OP said her life is ruined because 'muricans are bad.	11
It's better with sound, when I first watched it I cried laughing for 10 mins	1
yeah it was awesome!	0
I honestly couldn't care less if we lose or not. I'm over the moon about [NAME] and nothing could make me unhappy	9
creepy, the only way to make it more creepy is to leave it on her bed stand table to find it in the morning. 	11
No mercy, if there is any man left inside you than walk out now.	5
Guys who work on aircraft usually have hard time hearing. Its unavoidable.	25
He said he says it on his own but I don't want him to say it at all. I feel like their bio mom hates me	3
Wow, you must have no idea what medium of exchange means.	26
Will you PM me too? I've been looking for a birthday present and I'd like to take a look at what you've got!	8
Play stupid games stamkos, win stupid prizes	3
My money is on [NAME]. Doubt [NAME] is back up next yr. [NAME] looked.good last preseason. I was surprised he didn't beat [NAME] then.	26
that was a horrible fix	14
And the players who are older than me are retiring and it looks like I might never play professional baseball.	9
That beat slaps. Good memories	17
Women don't have penises so cannot rape by the legal definition of the word. They can sexually assault however.	3
If you want to know what kind of people her parents are you can google her. He name is [NAME]	22
My god, [NAME]!	26
I read it as him taking her virginity. Raping her...unless it was consensual and she WANTED to lose it.	11
I joined DbD right after [NAME] release, but man I wish I had the splinters	8
What? The claim is 2018 best shooters. Not overall best shooters	7
I thought I was the only woman who felt this way. I'm glad I'm not alone.	15
"Look, its a great study, but youve said ""Women arent as disadvantaged"" on the internet. Rip your karma."	0
HE CAME OUT A WINNER. LOOK AT ALL DAT MONEY FOR DA HOOD. 7-0 WHEN IT COMES TO OP	0
He’s one of those players that you would love if he was on your team, but hate if you have to play against him. 	0
So what’s the upside. Toner makes the elastic in your skin tougher? Serum for vitamin C does what? Thanks for sharing.	15
I refuse to read him any more. Just another [RELIGION] man getting a slap on the hand & a cover up job.	10
A video that makes me happy	17
[NAME] bless you	5
Feeling good in the gayborhood.	17
"lol me too. _""Go on in you scraggly old bastard!""_"	1
I have endured worse.	25
Fuck you, that's how	2
Print outs?!?!?! You tree killing monster!!!!	2
How though? I srsly don't get it. Seems pretty racist to me.	6
I would think that would be pretty awkward having phone sex with a stranger	12
now blake's threes decide to drop lol it be like that sometimes	1
#Garbage site for assholes	3
This is awesome! I want the same interaction for [NAME] & [NAME] and [NAME] & [NAME]!	0
Happy cakeday 🎂	13
the negative connotation of eugenics is allowing dysgenics which is a far worse fate for humanity	9
This made me sad	25
That live snail got me freaked	14
Then they'll have to get a ticket with a code of it from the counter person.	4
That is so beautiful. It makes my heart hurt that humans can be cruel to animals when they're aware of having so much emotion.	25
Ha ha good one	0
Cool, thanks man	15
I love that sometimes I don’t know what he says but like I vibe wit it instead	18
He sexually assaulted you. Notify the police and the staff!	5
My mom and I do the same exact thing. I hate it.	10
Really funny how our FO liked the 2 of the worst qbs. [NAME] and [NAME] That’s why I’m skeptical about our FO now	1
I've been trying to as well, but the game is so scary :/	14
"Did you guys notice that one of the headlines on the magazine from the last act said ""A real life marvel"" I loved that little detail honestly"	0
So it’s somehow weird or different to make a child/student pick up their (there) own mess as part of the lesson?	12
that is a rather attractive cartoon man	0
[NAME] is not a guy I root against. Just hope we have a good enjoyable game	17
Lol you sweet summer child. I wish I weren't so cynical and had hope like this.	1
Did he drug her or was she actually drunk when she ordered?	7
I love her omg	18
Ugh, [NAME]. Gross. 	11
The worst thing about this tweet is how many likes and retweets it got	3
Are you kidding me? /r/subsithoughtifellfor	7
Done, good luck with your thing.	5
Late-stage Reddit. I'm afraid it's malignant, there are only palliative care options available at this point.	14
[NAME] has been somehow worse than [NAME] so far. Do we have any other subs who couldve played as wingers?	7
> Killing an intruder in your home in self defense is now a really bad thing. That was not even under discussion.	10
We won't. If Ireland do they'll be violating the GFA.	10
I hope [NAME] at least has a good nanny because [NAME] seems keen to scream on Instagram rather than...do anything else on the planet.	20
"Hey its you again. Dude can you please say ""N"" so I can complete the task? My last request went unanswered sadly."	25
You sound like a great Dad and husband to me. Hang in there.	0
We have that, actually.	4
I make my cows super stronk.	0
He wrote a pretty good piece right after his breakup with [NAME], this may be the same outcome	0
OmG is that Jogfrey StirS UnicORn BlOod?! 😍😍😍	7
I review you - *clap clap* - [NAME], bye bitch, gone	2
For a second, despite the title, I thought you were pouring coffee creamer on yourself and I was confused.	6
That is beyond disgusting.	11
Yeah, Inbox didn't have those so I forgot all about it until they killed it.	19
I'm missing something	25
Sometimes for a laugh, I will come to r/Canada to read comments of the ignorant.	1
It could be bait and switch... Which would be a surprise	26
He has been training for this 5k for about 20 years	0
Would love to see [NAME] pull up in a Tesla that was blocks by the truck guys.	8
You forgot about Argentina, 30k people died here because of the USA	16
I like the dog better than you too.	0
Sounds like he dodged a bullet. You’re kinda dumb.	3
Yet again; totally missing my point.	10
There’s very clearly debate or this weird one-sided propaganda thread wouldn’t be necessary.	6
What else did you expect?	7
I had thought about Millport but not the rest, great idea thanks 😁	15
Handsome with dark touch!	0
Just legalize it, already. Do it the proper way instead of by executive fiat. I hate the lawlessness—“the pen and a phone” bullshit.	3
I used to know a woman who got a lot of freelance work out of okcupid. Never done it myself though.	4
Inland Empire must be objectively the worst film ever then.	3
Ending the quarter with some point [NAME] action, I love it 	18
I high key thought this same thing then it was sad boy hours when I broke things up	25
That wasn't what I was expecting at all.	9
What is up with the second, slightly differently orange hairline in front of the other from hairline? What the hell is going on there?	3
That’s too bad, I didn’t know that.	25
Yep. There are some good things hidden in amongst the bad. It would be disingenuous to claim otherwise.	4
I thought you were just going to wait her out. You actually engineered her loss of space to someone else. WELL DONE!!!!	0
You laugh at them. Openly. For being childish and naive. If they don’t react to facts maybe they’ll react to wounded pride.	3
Thank you! Forgot to add her youtube. And her second, smaller, channels (super entertaining rants): 	15
Everything on the internet is real and serious... Im here to be downvoted and laugh.	10
I don't like the zombey cookies.	10
Lol. That's funny though!	1
Yeah, that will reduce the number of kids taking pills - make enjoying a drink at a festival even more difficult!	4
glad she;'s back inside, tragic what shes doing to this dude and his family they r the ones picking up the tab. 	17
No problem here, as long as neither one of you are the asshole.	2
This is my best bro being a dumbass....he said he was ok though.	0
Yes. I got accused of being a man or a bootlicker because I was a mod in a men's lib sub two years ago.	4
But her sister is so much better	0
Because it seems like a first step on the same road that peope here have taken. I figured you have experience in the matter.	22
I, too, have lied about getting hooked up by Hasbro to justify the unhealthy amount of money I have spent on Nerf guns. 	4
No it's laziness. People don't clean because there isn't an immediate consequence and the reward for cleaning isn't large enough.	10
Such a good story. Im now a grown man, crying at work... on reddit.	0
You’re so right. I’m just overthink it. But do you think it’s better in person or text?	4
I play EVE and I’m a moron. If I can do it, anyone can. 	20
Are you sure?	7
Great post! : )	0
On this blessed day, we are all KQLY.	17
I heard someone say one... ‘everywhere is is better but Perth is the best!’ Glad you enjoyed your holiday!	23
i love the crocheted romper look and i don't care if i'm wrong	0
Oh bless your heart. I found this so funny. Goodness.	1
tbh college has been a hair easier for me than high school. The worst of it is making tuition and trying to register for classes	3
Why are our trolls so boring :(	9
Be careful on there, some people instantly denounce everyone with a female avatar as “trxps”	5
My bad! It looked so real XD thanks for the heads up	15
Useful distinction - thank you.	15
Give a listen to Gramatik, he is amazing	0
Its just a prank bro.	1
Played Divinity as well. Is Atlantica what I was describing? If so I'll give it a shot indeed. Is it still alive?	7
I hope you two can figure this out. I feel for you and for him.	20
I'm sending you all the hugs ;-;	18
Just gonna be mean here, those are all hideous :(	11
One day I was really desperate and tried putting warming balms that are intended for sore muscles on my lower tummy and it helps so much!	25
I’m sorry friend. I actually used to be pretty good with this but I’m constantly getting worse.	25
Thanks man! Helped me out quite a bit.	15
That would be awesome	0
I love Invader Zim.	18
A bag of pita chips is really $8?	26
My mother did this. This isn't just a millennial thing.	10
Thanks for blocking his face OP. Could have been bad.	15
Apologies, I should have been more specific. Where abouts is JD? 	24
Black self determination and Black separatism isn't the same thing... thank you for proving my point.	15
Love your username	18
It's irrelevant because that's not how we elect presidents. He won an electoral landslide. He flipped several democrat strongholds. He did just fine.	10
It's bad when that sounds tasty to me	10
Hey! I’m watching this very episode right now! Haha	1
I got a good laugh at this one. I feel bad.	1
This physically hurt me	9
I'm so happy this post blew up because this is so true	17
If we backed a second referendum and the Lib Dems were at 10% I'd be pretty annoyed to be honest. Cheeky sods.	3
Yes you pretty much summed it up. Wanted her out of that career that was destroying her.	5
Pac Med building. Amazon’s headquarters was there once upon a time. Not sure what it is now. Probably medical.	6
Lol Jets Skills Comp got taken down due to Copyright	1
Careful, now. Suggesting this kind of dialogue at Google is what got [NAME] fired.	5
How many of these people are from the original Lucasfilm? Before Disney's takeover? Does anyone know?	6
Thanks for the post [NAME] hang in there bb.	15
I hope this leads to [NAME] empire going down.	20
Mug that fool	3
Wheres the telescope?	7
Aw look at her little coat	0
Lol you know what makes me happy? All of your guys negativity. Keep it up everyone :) it just makes me happier	1
If he worked out he would look good I think. But not in a way I would be attracted to him lol, just in general.	1
Ask him for as much help as you need though. Or anyone. You might be surprised as to how willing people are to lend help.	20
So no replays for arsenal penalty calls.. Cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool	4
I'm liking the bums	18
It makes customers uncomfortable because we're calling them on their BS and this is the only way to get them to own up to it.	9
I thought it was that one! I recognize the shadow of the new highway arch and the forever construction signs.	22
As long as the ink isn’t on a contract, I don’t listen to any rumors. Waste of time	3
Stop spreading false hope!	10
Of course he gets you, he’s your brother. j/k	20
I was dying when he said we got to make love or be a crime	1
Always!! I especially love when they ask for the *exact thing that’s in their lunch* but, like, a new one. 	18
Go off [NAME] This season has been a roller coaster but this guy is the best thing we've had in a while. He's so damn good	0
Someone has already written [NAME] is the Aus Open winner on her wikipedia page. Haha	1
I loved it too! I think it doesn't really mean anything and it was just a hommage, but anything can happen in Riverdale. 	18
I don’t think I’ve ever seen that many downvotes.	9
Thanks man....	15
So excited to see the man again.	13
Who cares. [NAME] is draining the swamp. Get over it	5
NO BOY! NO MORE FREEDOMS TO GO AROUND HERE! Now go back to your room and give me your toy guns immediately	2
I am sports entertained.	13
wow fkn nice :)	0
Reading comprehensions not your strong suit I’m guessing, no I don’t personally believe that, just pointing out an anecdote.	10
Happy cake day bruh	13
My bad , thought it was the English one 	12
how sad you feel about this makes me sadder than the actual story lol. you sound like a really kind person.	1
That’s the one!	4
Personally wish they had a male version of 🤰🏼	8
"I love any story that includes the phrase: ""Some gypsies showed up"". "	18
I turned the game off last night wondering what it’s like to have two point guards and being slightly jealous of the Nets.	26
Is the wooosh on us cause there’s no fuckin wooosh to begin with or	2
"It's crazy that I just saw like seven clashing patterns and immidiately thought ""oh yes, eastern Europe"". Why is that?"	7
Haha Nice. I finished paying [NAME] back about a year ago. Great feeling! Congrats.	0
But you've been openly critical of men's rights and have defended feminism.	4
Thank you so much. This is really valuable information!	15
Is she dead? She’s dead isn’t she...	7
Why everyone mad i think it was a joke .people these days over sensitive my [NAME].	3
A long term relationship with pizza? Wow talk about accurate!	6
Lovely integrity ya got there. Keep up the good work!!	0
You came to the wrong neighborhood bud lololol.	1
Thanks for the reply. You're right though. If you make a scene about it, you might as well be tattling. Go Browns	15
Then I disagree that being a cog in someone’s machine is reason to be resentful.	10
2 or 1 seed we’re still playing a bad team in the first round	9
Even [NAME] had a few missed dunks and airballs. Extremely rare, but they happened. 	22
I love [NAME]. I really love him. Xx	18
I really need to stop taking my guns fishing with me. I keep losing them!!! :(	9
can I use I can't believe it's not butter because my boyfie doesn't make over 20k :(	25
i mean, never listened to zepellin much, not even acdc, i didnt know acdc suck	10
I went to college to get an MRS and all I got was this lousy BS!	9
And I thought best girl couldn’t get better. Please tell me there is one of other best girl [NAME] with glasses	4
I love Nigeria, visited a couple of times. Lived in Angola for two years	18
cutest vid I've seen in a while	0
That'd be a funnier picture if it was just a picture of the floor with nothing on it	1
Stop saying generic hating sentences!	2
Nicely done sir	0
If I'm not mistaken we will have [NAME] as backup next year so not bad at all.	4
Middle school. Puberty was rough for most of us. I was a victim and a perpetrator of a lot of stupid behavior in middle school.	24
Its amazing how hive mind works...	0
I’ve always wondered why they play at ear splitting volume instead of one where you can enjoy the music.....	26
Performing good with a weapon that is better than almost every other in the game makes you view them better than average? ok	4
Sorry to hear that	25
I cannot be more clear myself: If you do not have a comparable situation, you do not have a valid point to be making	10
Thanks I am among them.	15
You'd better not cry!	5
Handsome man! Getting cuter with the years.	0
No no this is true. A very redeeming quality. Them [NAME] like their water crisp and cold.	4
Maybe you were depressed because your place was a mess.	25
My wife really likes Deja but hasn’t listened to TDAGARIM. I’m so excited for when she hears it for the first time.	13
The kid seems more mature than his mother	0
I don’t want everybody to live the same way as me, I just wanted to express the stupidity of it.	10
The Cavs didn’t even want [NAME]. They just wanted to fuck with us.	3
He looks like [NAME]	4
 cute, new driver still cares. Come back in 4 months and u will be showing pictures of that bag thrown on the trunk. 	3
Congratulations!!! And I hope those people who tried to interfere in your marriage feel very foolish now. How wonderful this is!💕	20
The comment was so terrible. I can’t believe it made the final cut.	26
Hawaiian shaved ice is THE BEST!!!!	0
Sticking his tongue out.... ugh	11
I do this too! I love that giving a genuine compliment is easy and can make someone's day :)	18
We can’t stand for this any longer!	10
Sandwiching an argument between two insults. I like it - I might try it. Maybe that will get people to agree with me	4
I'm crying.	25
Thank you /u/GarbagePailGrrrl!	15
> The bedrock principle of representative government is that “the people” do not decide issues, they decide who shall decide. Very much this.	4
Best of luck to you my friend, keep going 	5
Just get pissed next time he asks and tell him to fuck off Some people just think they can take advantage of people who help them	2
Love how thorough this answer is. I think it shows you know yourself well!	18
This is the worst thing I've ever seen. Take my upvote.	11
[NAME] doesn’t use it & had the highest SAUG k/d at Vegas. Definitely isn’t “poop” without it lol.	1
I’m ready to see yet another person fall tonight.	4
Ok. I got it. But it was a house. Just seemed odd lol	1
i think that bungie learned the lesson of Infinity Ward. Great job guys!	0
That and hoping the cultists on trumps side can give them enough time to get out before it all goes down in flames, your country that is.	6
this has happened to me twice...most embarrassing shit	12
This is a totally different one right?	6
Ohhhhh. *That’s* what that was.	26
The first article on their is talking about the [NAME] documentary...? E - there*. What the hell is my phone doing	3
Only children are scared to take trains by themselves ...oh wait.	14
Congrats on being clean, and having a great team mate! 	0
Cute, super cute 	0
That sucks. I had to deal with something similar. Sorry you go through this.	24
So lifelike!	4
I've wanted one ever since [NAME] dual wielded them in Bad Boys 2.	8
Very handsome!!	0
Mmmmmm 😐 🤔 yeah	4
Honestly just tired of this shit, people who'd rather see us tank than push for playoffs. Literally want us to be the fucking Suns.	9
"""Yoohoo~ Remember,remember,the fifth of dismember!"""	13
Racial attacks went up after [NAME] was elected.	4
But also the smell!! People go past KFC and say Mmmm I must get some lol	1
Glad to see I'm not the only one with that bug. Maybe someone will report it some day.	17
So when I say the eagles just won a chip what would that insinuate.. not everybody has the same terminology sorry if you view my perception wrong	6
Thank you for reconsidering. It is very important to open discussion. Does this help you see how the dems and gop ARE actually different?	15
some state are way more paranoid about this than others. also depend who handle the call / judge... like, some people believe spanking should be criminal...	4
So we can forgive her a little for burdening Dunder Mifflin 😂	4
The dense stuff isn't very accessible. :/	10
They do, I'm just not sure how and it's a challenge. I knew one guy that got a mirror shine on them.	6
With the way [NAME] has been playing I’m just hoping it’s not a coincidence that [NAME] is playing well too.	20
The absolute subhuman filth that worships [NAME] will believe that this isn't even a photoshop	20
This wasn't him forcing her to get an abortion or breast implants dude like seriously you are being pretty ridiculous.	11
I shave it. Btw great way to cheer me up saying I look like I'm 45 at 23	0
"Ugh YES. I literally am so against it and everyone is always like ""why it's fun"" but like I just want to find love "	18
You arent going to be making 10 million dollars in your business, this wont affect you.	10
[NAME] is so fun. You can cc everyone and be annoying af. Imo [NAME] is the most fun role 🤷	1
Oh man, I saw a White Forest Cake the other day and DEAR LORD I almost drooled.	18
Changed it thanks	15
They want to make gun ownership so expensive and onerous that people won't even bother.	3
Well, seeing as how communism is by definition stateless, I'd be interested to hear how one would get communism with a state...	13
[NAME] looks really hot in this pic for some reason	0
>i don't feel so good (mister [NAME]). r/unexpectedspiderman	9
I will watch tonight, thank you!	15
The Calgary Herald has extremist on their payroll?	7
Sport shooting can be done with air guns. Problem solved.	23
Just be good and you won’t lose, ez	5
That literally doesn’t even look like her omg	26
Been there a few times but not recently. I'm a builder mostly, been behind the scenes and behind a fair amount of big brands since 2008-ish	4
Thanks! It is too bad we can't suddenly age [NAME] and [NAME] a year or so.	15
Damn, savage but true.	4
Always interesting to hear how dom mechanics kinda seep into other relationships lol	1
Ahhh yes the, their all Russian controlled bots play, a classic in the last few years	4
I am with you. Despite leaving stuff at his place, i am slow but surely done.	5
Hope you had a great time!	20
Best post ever	0
If charity worked, everyone in the world would be fed and healthy in this precise moment. Also, how are you going to enact basic income without social institutions?	7
Sadly no, everything was thrown around the room, and everytime I rebuilt something, it would be annihilated again.	25
yes everyone does this!	4
Your wife is smart.	0
Man, thats ruthless. Lesson learned. Trust me, there will be a time when they actually need money and I really hope you say no. 	20
Nope. You're a weirdo.	11
So so happy, more than you believe 	17
Inkling main: I like being cheap. It makes me happy.	17
Not even in The Twelve Days of Christine? She was amazing in that.	0
This picture is as old as Tinder. OP is probably a dog for all we know.	20
yea I agree, and [NAME] is way younger so has trade value. [NAME] is still an offensive powerhouse but his DWAR is slumping.	4
The sex must be great.	0
Also very funny that communists can still expect it to end up in a different end-game. Well not funny though. :	1
Not all of us young teens eat tide pods Mom would be sad	25
Currently waiting for the inevitable gopher collapse into the tight finish I know and love.	20
Glad they made it..	17
Oh that's disgusting, this man should be sent to priso- ohh, it's America, ok then, feel free. 	11
I like picking beans with grandma.	18
Thanks for taking this on. My daughter's extended family on her father's side do nothing but indulge this crap and it's undermining everything.	15
Ok... if you think its time.... have a fun safe trip	5
Intolerance of intolerance isn't intolerant my dude	3
It hurts to look at it	25
They do not need to. A majority of the vox populi think like you do.	10
What do they tell you about them?	7
Worst winter ever :(	25
Do as I say, Not as I do	3
Noooo... Went and saved all the webpages as PDFs, though it's not a perfect solution.	10
Yeah no problem. Sorry about that.	4
NSFW tagged for showing [NAME]. But anyways, I hope you enjoy the video!	17
I am so sorry that happened to you.	25
Ahhhh the good old anecdote	4
Yknow that is one of the main reasons farmers have a lot of kids right? Cheap labor.	22
Damage values would be fantastic. I also really appreciate having detailed kit information. We no longer use attachments so listing specializations would be nice.	0
As a non-legalistic [NAME], I wholeheartedly agree. :)	4
I haven't seen it here yet, but I love LetterKenny. It gets funnier as the show goes on and it's on Hulu 	18
I liked it because [NAME] is a fat lard and he was pissed off.	18
This looks so damn cool! I’d love a shirt like this!	0
I believe that show scared straight was actually a massive failure, it got viewers but concept of it never resulted in the kids actually being 'scared straight'.	14
The best album.	0
USE GLOVES YOU MANIAC	2
Its like the worlds most infuriating reality show.	2
That makes no sense. You know that right?	7
I like you	18
I think I love you mate😂	18
[NAME] was just calling you out for being rude as fuck	2
A track would be much more suitable for this kind of recklessness! Keep this kind of dangerous driving off of public roads!	3
Surely you've seen weirdo then? It makes me laugh Everytime haha	1
I’m gonna love it if that happens to me	18
I only read the first sentence then came to comments to confirm that something about the author would be the most upvoted comment.	4
We‘re looking good so far	20
I thought [NAME] was awesome tonight. That kid is passing on another level. I'd love to see that kid saucing up [NAME] on the PP unit	18
I fucking love Danbo. Thanks for putting it back in my head, I see my future self there in a few hours. 	15
>Downvote me, you cowards.	2
Great [NAME], love Oasis, saw this in theaters when I had the chance.	0
I'm glad to have made a bad time a little bit better. Stay safe!	5
Sorry I have to ask your age before I yell you.	24
And I though Glory Kills were gruesome	11
cliche as it sounds, it’s never too late to start. can’t change your past, creating a better future starts now	20
Feels good bruh	17
">The Charisma Myth"" It's bullshit too."	2
That has to be custom, right? I don’t remember them having any editions like this, looks sweet.	0
Did insurance cover this? Who was the surgeon? Unfortunately without it...this surgery can cost up to 20k or more in American cities.	7
Just out of interest, what mm rank are you?	7
Great work hentaipoon!	0
Omg! I'm just about to post a recipe with turmeric because I ALSO FEEL THAT WAY.	13
I'm at job that is effecting my mental health, and I'm not sure if I should be up front.	25
Thanks, we were just waiting for you to come in with the final say.	15
Your name is amazing	0
Low life is as low life does. I wouldn't be too surprised if he's broke by the time he's middle aged, unfortunately.	26
Enough shit comes out of his mouth, do we really need to put more back in?	7
Getting upset and triggered over a hat is absolutely failed moral character, and a sign of deep immaturity. 	10
Pregnancy test. No matter how old I am, I am still embarrassed. 	12
I was too mad to continue with the second episode lol I see now that he's married and think HOW?	1
[NAME] dirty talk really just Doesnt Work for me. Sounds silly at the best of times.	3
Why would you do something so controversial and yet so brave?	6
Paula Weed is the best troll ever.	0
I must break you!	2
This is the best news I've heard in weeks. Source: Albertan where scum like wolves of odin are multiplying like fruit fly's.	0
And it was out of their control as well for both. That's funny	17
> Thank you for participating in the SeattleWA ProcessTM The only process that is messier than the Seattle City Council.	15
Oh thank you! I hadn’t even realized :D	15
I'm also a human being but I can't think of any reason why I would physically hurt a woman.	10
Please explain how this is stupid	2
Not liking [NAME] is not statism. Removed.	10
I think if we survived during The Blitz I think we'll be alright now.	20
That was the worst power play I’ve ever seen	11
Jokes aside, welding is so fucking fun, and they get paid damnnnn well.	1
Sweet! This just keeps getting better. Have a good one	8
ITT: “lol buzzfeed” even though Buzzfeed News is a completely different entity	1
You try reposting it?	7
Idk why, but this is the one I love at restaurants	4
Yep. No better birth control. It's almost comical. If only it were happening to someone else...	1
Damn Skyrim VR looks amazing.	0
I love Dlo lol	18
I use to work in an office near a 24hr McDonald's. The smell of the place when walking by at 7am was stomach churning.	11
[NAME]. How are your attempts at arguing reality into agreeing with you going?	7
Haha, nice try mom. *dabs*	0
Good stuff man. Love the passion.	0
Nah see that's the kind of pessimism that makes you more depressed. Even if they're not genuine you can still take it to heart.	10
"The millionaire backers of a no deal brexit will lose an awful lot of money if they do. The patsy""s are doing a real good job"	0
Bedside report is terrible.	14
Tell us more about this magical potion. How do we craft it	7
Wow, such an unlucky finish... lucky we had DNB, really bad mistake by the goal keeper in the 95’ 	22
Just like that great historical fact about the [NAME] head being used to mark abused women's shelters in ancient Greece!	22
That. Is flipping Cute. He's definately a dog person.	0
My daughter attempted in November of 2012. She also still struggles. Glad you’re BOTH still alive!	17
>testing teenagers for four mystery roles Oh good lord. This is going to be even worse.	11
Doesn’t have those thick eyebrows though lol	1
Considering you are also a child, I can't say I'm surprised by your edgy hot take.	26
This just made my day! Thanks for the laugh!!	1
So hard to believe that this comment isn`t being ridiculed. I want some of what you guys are smoking.	7
Headline had me thinking the guy was currently barricaded in a BK bathroom, demanding they give him free food. But no.	9
Comes from [NAME]. I love the seduction community.	18
This reminds me of the wallpaper someone posted here a while back, great pic OP!	0
Never stop playing them! I love going against Legions and never see them enough in this game!	18
Just like how one day a magic unicorn might appear and prove us all wrong about them not existing.	12
I'm shocked you still have service. Mine doesn't play, they are cold. 	26
This was ten years ago...but I have faith in people to be nice. Knoxville was amazing when I lived there.	0
This isn't a sport from Holland it's from Frisia, the title is wrong	10
Because they don’t want to pay for [NAME]	10
Shameless IG plug:	3
Damn I never had to wait that long. Then again where I live is a town more than a city so much less busy etc	3
That's beyond fucking creepy!	3
i’m happy you were able to have a child! that’s my biggest concern.	17
I'm guessing this talk will be gated behind the expo pass at GDC. Do these become (legitimately) publicly available after the event?	6
I already called the county I got married in trying to find out about it but they had nothing on either of us about a divorce.. Im so anxious.	19
No surprise there. It was always his policy to table it upon the deal's failure in Parliament as was set out at the Labour conference.	3
I understand now. Thank you for your thorough explanation.	15
Man I'm glad that the caption told me this was hilarious... I might not have know otherwise.	1
Okay, but your other comment didn’t even make sense. Wasn’t sure what you were complaining about 	6
Ya know, I hate lying but I guess I'd make an exception for this. 	2
Worst CB we’ve had in recent memory	3
Dear [NAME], It’s time for the next flood. Thanks.	15
Oh true I remember seeing it on Spotify’s charts for weeks. It’s terrible.	14
"""So, I was grading your work and someone spilled coffee on them. Sorry for the mess."""	24
This is good	0
I learn things reading about them, but visual triggers also help.	4
Congratulations, go for a beer and watch a Leaf game on Saturday! HNIC.	17
Ok. Hang onto shit you can't change and be whiney about it. This is a reason why we catch shit. We can't take it	2
They are both just so perfect for each other	0
I think that's more a matter of character's personalities, I think, more than development. But for the rest, I agree. 	4
No. Just no.	10
He looks like a Spanish Solly March, so I’ll assume he’s as average as Solly is. 	4
You guys rock!	0
I really wish the conversation surrounding masculinity had just an ounce of empathy for men, rather than just the pretense of empathy for men	8
Seems like every season she is less hot. Too bad	3
If only he could’ve known that [NAME] made it out safe and got to live honestly for a little while	8
oh thats nasty!	11
To give him a chance to play somewhere else. Sounds like a decent move by [NAME].	0
Thank you, this isn't the first time they have tried to control us with money. They always put odd stipulations on money or gifts.	15
This is a family friendly sub; please don't say the McC-word.	4
Thank you for commenting exactly what I was going to comment and saving me the trouble!	15
I’m actually feeling these commercials. Especially the young dancer dude haha. This is how you advertise to your demographic!	1
Thank you for educating me. Lol	15
You forgot about cats. They’re all talking about their cats.	9
I think [NAME] is honestly just a whack job.	3
Your description fits the type of SB I prefer. I don't see short hair as a negative.	4
The majority is not relevant: it was advisory. I agree a second vote is needed to kill the [NAME] trope.	4
What kind of prison sentence would he get in Australia for that?	7
She wasn't fucking running, no matter how hard you insist. You'd make a wonderful Qld cop with that mentality.	3
You can do it, I believe in you! 	20
Thank you, how epic is your curl? 	15
He looked pretty into it when talking with [NAME]	0
Your body, your choice. Sorry it had to mean the end of the relationship. But it's better now rather than later as tensions grow. 	24
Pretty much. The key difference is that bunnies thump.	4
They all clapped.	17
Given the horses ass you lot made of the last one, I think it’s best to put this idea on the back burner.	3
When you've been dodging as much as [NAME] has, to this challenge, ppl start to 2nd guess and lose faith in you.	22
Holy shit. Thank you everyone. Thanks for the gold and silver :)	15
This might be my favorite scene in the whole series	18
I don't think that makes for a fair deal. That $100 is far more valuable. It's more of a disposable income thing for me.	10
Idk my brain doesn’t process what I’m watching if I can’t read along at the same time	6
Oh, thx for clarification!	15
Crocodile tears.. 🙄🐊	3
You can turn right on red!	4
Neat, it’s screenshotted from my Facebook so I doubt that it’s an exact one my friend 	6
Thanks bot! The water looks so weird now	15
Bit of a rant there, but I get it. This comes off as super pretty. 	0
But then they can't draw the m word	10
the best places are immigrant restaurants. cheap and delicious food. the better ones are outside of downtown.	0
Same. However, do we have tea or is this just speculation?	6
Someone just vandalized this poor guys car in the target parking lot lol	1
And please do not dab unless you are at bingo.	10
Oooh, THAT Shaggy! 	22
Thats harassment brotha. Do you double dare me	3
No kidding, one way or another they'll get much better this year.	20
Thanks. At first I read it as party	15
Stay strong. You are better off without them.	0
"Oh boy.. ""The Beginner's Guide"" game on steam had me messed up for a couple days.."	3
This hurts my brain	3
LMAO! I would heed his advice if I didn't get chased off by the private land owner 😁	4
I'm not searching for anything, but even though I'd like them to be, I don't think anything I'm feeling is justifiable.	4
This is what happens when untrained people playing at being detectives and judges run into actual detectives and judges.	3
Almost downvoted you just because that made me so angry.	2
Realizing that thirty isn't old at all.	22
Congrats! Make one extra payment a year and you’ll have it paid off in 15 years instead of 30.	15
Say what you want about me, I can take it... but stop slandering poor defenseless [NAME]...	3
That's a hot pic Shame she'll kill us all	0
I like the fact that you like it a lot.	18
What a thot*	0
Thanks mate!	15
Self defense should be, and this man sexually assaulted this woman.	11
I would of gone to the doctor way before that	22
Thanks, [NAME]	15
Whhhaaa really? When was this?	7
I’m so glad they remastered that game, I’m having a blast playing it again	21
damn you're prolly right. only character i actually hate is [NAME], i'll use a different word	4
Girl I got you. guys haven’t experienced culture where basically every girl calls herself fat or tries to restrict their eating because they have insecurity or dysmorphia	4
[NAME] if they're doing wrestling probably fine	6
I didn't even know this existed! Thank you kindly!!	15
While I agree with my political views could be of the top of my least favorites and [NAME] weren't ruined by the pic.	4
Dear [NAME], **DON'T FUCK THIS UP** Love, Me	18
MTV is so dramatic lol “beautiful love story”	1
Let me guess, are you Swedish perhaps ? 	7
Let’s get greedy and take back what is rightfully ours	2
"also rough translation of the chinese: ""very beautiful octopus."" (probably wrong) "	0
Thanks for contributing to the point I just made. More complaining and self-assuring. Yap away.	15
US labor laws are fucked up	2
Ikr... it’s a sin in itself to use [NAME] to instil fear and hate, [NAME] is love not hate and he loves all of us	18
THANK YOU SOMEONE SAID IT!!	15
Dressing room back bone is not somebody who always blames others for his mistakes on the pitch.	10
I lost it at “wait, what did I do?”	6
We love you here.	18
She's so remarkably stupid.	3
> It's a bad precedent to start once this community grows. Community does what?	7
That book is awesome	13
Agreed sis. But I was just annoyed at that point and wanted to get laid. Didn't happen though. Oh well. Thanks!!	15
I don’t like [NAME] As I love the 2nd amendment Can we stop him ?	7
The cruise boat one (similar) where the water goes WELL over the porthole scares the everloving shit out of me every time	14
As a computer science student but also a lifelong [NAME], the issues surrounding Amazon in Queens have left me substantially torn. 	25
I'm so sad.	25
Dude that was in like October abandon all hope	9
Ikr. Who the hell goes to Greggs for *pizza*?	3
Wow! What a joyous companion--for each of them. How wonderful!!!	13
I’m still using a laptop from 2008, and until last month I was using a phone from 2013. Actually felt bad upgrading the phone.	9
I don't understand the title.	6
Of all the people in the world, I honestly can't believe that Reddit hates [NAME].	26
Go look up China’s virtual news anchor.	3
Underrated comment, my friend! Know that you made me genuinely laugh!	17
Does anybody have a serious answer to this?	6
It doesn't matter if 99% didn't vote for him, it only maters that he got 50% +1 of the seats.	22
Sadly this is not a new issue for Ukraine. Please take a moment to remember Babi Yar :(	25
Eventually I would have to land another queen to stop the target from arranging marriages themselves.	4
This is why I could never work in construction	10
Honestly if you had to live in punchbowl you’d be angry too	3
Seriously. OP needs to get their shit together.	3
Yes thank you	15
Am I the only one that still texts in complete sentences and at least attempts to spell the words correctly?	7
I freakin' love Corgis!! 🐕🥰	18
Oh my gawd. WHAT?	26
If it was low-fat mayonnaise, their response may have been justified. That stuff is horrendous.	3
I can’t tell if you got the joke or not hahaha	1
You don’t understand it because it’s insanely dumb, as the vid demonstrates.	3
Well at least he wont be hungry ever again	4
We cant even get sexually assaulted without them claiming we're gross fetishists	11
Lakers truly have the worst fans	3
I'm surprised that the police have not send her to a mental institution	26
If you can't do your jobs you risk fucking losing them.	5
"Even ""not allying with Dems any longer"" ME thinks this involvement is a good idea..."	0
"In ""modern"" copies of MGS 3, you can find a way to play music out of it that they can?"	6
She didn't hit any of the notes but I still love [NAME] so much.	18
No. I'm just against forcing your beliefs on people who aren't old enough to distinguish reality from fiction.	10
Thanks! Would trollgc work too?	15
Lol! I’m glad you feel lucky because you are! Could you imagine dealing with the continuous flipping back and forth between desire and guilt? 😬	17
Nah [NAME] gonna be an asexual for sure.	4
There is a special place in hell for drivers like you. I pray to [NAME] there is.	2
[NAME] was only OP when it came out. [NAME] was OP for so long. I'm still happy they finally did something to her.	17
This is absolutely perfect	0
Anyone else want a TE early? Tired of fucking around with the position even if [NAME] did look pretty mean for a few weeks	3
"Some ""Mean Girls"" style backstabbing will be a great B-plot for this new season! 🍿"	0
It seems you've never played HotS.	10
Huh? edit: /u/DanVsStu I have no idea what this show even is - you have the wrong account	10
It’s shocking if you’re a bad electrician.	26
Oops, guess youre straight now!	6
Apparently, he can't just have sex with anyone because he needed to rape someone.	11
Yeah but good luck proving it in court	5
[NAME] I hope so.	20
Plus there's this expectation/trope of flowers sent to workplace being a way for someone who's fucked up to apologize (which is icky as hell but whatever)	3
Dont worry, as you get older that will stop working or possibly even cause anxiety. 	19
NICE... TO.... MEET YOU... OW!	17
I'm sad that I gave that shit article a page view.	25
don't you know? the world is america only [NAME] Bless.	7
False equivalence in the sense property rights aren't enforced but more accurately defended.	10
I mean I've never seen, even on this show, people grab so many cookies and chips with such excitement. 	13
Yikes. That sounds terrible 😢	14
He was an awful HC, is in his 70s and has repeatedly said he doesn’t want to do it again. 	11
I definitely liked him last game against Houston. Hope this is the new AG!	20
Oh wow. That’s nice of New York.	0
The fact that it has so many up votes is baffling to me. Why would anyone care?	7
Good for that security guard! That's lovely to hear.	18
Someone made this album, dwights a bit lanky but I enjoyed it. 	17
“The failing of mistaking internet trend.” Clearly he is a grammatical genius.	0
I just hope you are all right dude	20
A bit of storybook now and again never hurt anyone :D So happy for the both of you!	17
same i feel u	18
Excellent projection. 9.5/10.	0
"I mean... It also has Strength as a ""fantasy power""? I don't get this joke "	6
That guys entire account is the biggest comedy cemetery out there	1
this comment made me very nervous	19
Because I've heard Him speak to me and comfort me.	4
Funny enough, there is a five guys. I don't think the government knows it's American.	1
Lol yeah I did, that's why specified the killer, for survivor the fun comes from escaping so tunneling feels like shit	1
Close enough. Is rainbow 6 any good?	7
What a loon	3
Oh [NAME], even if I had a bf I would be ashamed to have him do that for 	12
Could be tripping or having an orgasm from dry humping, but it's pretty clear that they aren't full on having sex	4
You're free to believe all of that, but we're going to have to wait and see how it actually all plays out.	4
I can't be the only one who's on this sub because I love it instead of being afraid	18
This is wonderful. Hope to have him and that newly a Dad joy back on ice as soon as he's ready.	0
Utah is terrible, I hated driving through there at night	2
Glad to see Mrs. [NAME] is still alive and well!	17
Pretty much, it’s ironic to think how quickly the parties would switch positions if the illegal immigrants were expected to vote 90% for [NAME].	9
I did physics and maths, now in astrophysics. It's fun (except for stars, those suck).	4
Bruh you don’t belong here	10
Now I have to re-watch the entire series, thanks. 	15
I almost didn't finish this stranger mission because I just *knew* it was going to be bad.	9
He probably just doesn't want to hurt the ex's feelings. But if you're concerned, ask him yourself if things are only okay	5
People still expecting that are delusional regardless tbh. Messed up they'll never say what happened to Half Life but time to start using some context clues herr	22
Just got the Ultimate edition and it's already my favourite game of all time. I just wish everyone could agree [NAME] is best girl	8
Some college professors and their teaching staff may need to die. Oh, wait... saying that is hate speech.	2
Might be an unpopular opinion but I actually enjoyed the faster ruck speed. Spewing they didn't stay strong and stick to their guns	17
I had one of these... she would even steal my jokes and observations and recycle them to other people in front of me! lol	1
That's not what diffusion is at all smh	10
[NAME] out? I thought he’s been playing pretty well. Wonder why...	26
Just curious, people keep saying fire [NAME]. And then what?	7
[NAME] looks miserable in those photos.	10
Omg [NAME] is so cute in this artstyle	0
im curious to see what we can costumize in noob and jade	7
internally down-voting for the sarcasm!	4
We need a bench and a coach that realizes six foot three players aren’t small forwards.	22
Because you’re insecure with double standards, got it. 	4
Im from Austria, so im supporting TSM from EU. Would appreciate to Share my thoughts.	0
I'll probably do the same thing next year that I did this year and that was targeting [NAME] pretty late	4
Good luck.	20
Wow. Have that much debit in your bovada account is something crazy. Props to you	26
Sorry just seemed like you were trying to make it a [NAME] thing	24
Subpoena is still one of the weirdest words I’ve ever seen	10
"""I don't socialize because i'm unhappy and i'm unhappy because I don't socialize"". -Socially anxious bastard"	10
We still luv u	18
I mean yeah but it still sucks. Hopefully you have better luck in the future.	20
Because different characters have different advantages. Why do questions like this still get asked?	3
As someone who's had whooping cough as an adult I will physically beat down anyone who says that especially about their kids	5
I wish I can go 90 days challenge	8
Do your worst. The tag just describes your views. Could have been much more vicious.	11
Bro, too close to home. Thing is I wish I could just chill where this monk is at, with a lot of open space.	8
That blows. Glad you're doing better.	17
That’s my luck. Lol	17
I would not recommend that, as communication is very important in this game. But whatever floats your boat I guess.	6
Hahaha 😂😂😂😂😂 this is so funny and relatable!	1
I know, sorry! I didn't want to translate some parts but I thought I had to	12
Post this to /r/penmanshipporn I *dare* you. Edit: been done already, I shoulda figured lol	1
Banner price is down to 100k donuts. And I still don't have enough..... (sad face)	9
Is it public? Are they aware of what's going on *all the time*? It's not as cut & dry as you think.	7
[NAME] was pretty dumb in s7	9
Ok. Progress. Not only I presented more facts, I also asked some questions. Still unanswered, sadly. 	25
This is the saddest thing I've seen today	25
Too busy being on that stupid ass mystery singer show	3
Thank you :) it was hard to get back in the groove but now that I am, I don’t wanna stop!	15
Abortion. emails. BENGHAZI! red cups Happy Holidays	17
People like standing in line drunk for extended periods of time, apparently. I don't know how else you could enjoy that experience except lots of booze. 	7
Abusive family nice. Been there.	0
Yeah, I interact with less adults as a teacher than I did in any other job I've had in the past.	4
Congratulations, that joke has only been made 89,401,327 times on reddit before. 	15
[NAME]. She's always so busy. I'm glad she finally got to relax....	5
Just what I need; a video of my commute to work so I can enjoy the experience in my free time.	17
This almost makes me ashamed to be Irish. As we say here, “Scarlet for your ma for having you!”	12
OMG THOSE TINY SHOES! *desire to boop snoot intensifies*	8
Oh okay, thank you!! 	15
Yeah it’s fine. Some supplements contain Ashwagandha which affects the gaba receptors so be cautious if you’re already on gabapentin or a beta blocker	14
Is it weird that I'm tearing up?	7
What a cataclysm	25
Good viral marketing attempt [NAME]!	0
I lived across the street from it as a child. Used to swim in it as a kid...Ignorance is bliss.	17
I feel like i really want to go learn metal casting from [NAME] now	4
*I bring you Love!*	18
Nobody likes you	3
[NAME] is the best	0
That needs a standalone cooler to plug into just to operate effectively lol	1
Hmm surprised that went on for as long as it did, at some point there must have been some redeeming qualities. 	26
As someone with a newborn, thank you so much! Good tip to have for sure!	15
I'm sorry but are you implying that everything to the right of full-blown communism is the center?	24
Like I said deleted	4
I’m glad I didn’t try this cleanup method when I had serious depression	23
Yeah, I killed this post. Reddit is a great place and I'm glad I made my suggestion here.	0
I used to. It's been a while though.	4
"Reminds me of ""This Be The Verse"", haha."	1
Had to pause for a sec to properly cringe when [NAME] says why he got sent to the school. Whyyyyy would you *announce* that oh my [NAME]	26
Uhh? The only thing I see being over is -350B+ lost in trade each year	6
Thanks, now where's eyebleacher?	15
That actually makes a lot of sense. I stand corrected.	4
Thank you! Sorry if this is a silly question, but what is considered low for kms on a used car?	15
Oohhooo that's cold (& very good!)! 🤣	0
Group hug to you and our fellow redditors :)	17
I said that weeks ago	22
It’s actually not. But i agree.	4
Amazing, thanks for posting.	15
Thanks, you are right, I appreciate you reaching out	15
Curious why the option is even allowed then.	7
Wait you confuse me , [NAME] orb can be deflected , unsure on the healing one tho [NAME] dash CD is 7 second not 11	6
He showed how easy it is to get into a team and gain fame.	4
>The surprise will be all ours. head_meme.gif Can't be surprised by how terrible a story becomes if you don't watch it.	26
I had the volume so loud and it came out of nowhere. It felt like those meme videos with the morning.	22
Which episode was this?	7
Not really. My group of friends are awesome in every way possible except they are homophobic	10
And...peter thiel is involved. Color me surprised. (O negative surprised that is.)	26
I think you mean what a factual statement.	4
Which is why not only did PR lose but RUP was not the first choice sadly even if it had won in BC :(	25
Thanks fam, maybe I'll replay the level	15
I am confusion	6
This is actually interesting..thanks.	15
Awesome shot dude!	0
> But it says progressive right in their name.... Here's a beautiful girl for you... ^^/s	4
HR is there to protect the company. Not you.	3
I’ve read your comment over and over and I’m sorry I can’t parse what you’re saying.	24
Yeah like I just get more dissociated. Music sounds better and stuff	4
happy cake day	17
happy for [NAME]. hopefully you get someone worth a shit now	20
Damn...perspective is good, Haha. Then again [NAME], that's some awesome architecture. Early 1900s?	0
"love seeing ""donkey kong 64"" written on some official government paper congrats hbomb, you deserve it all champ "	18
[NAME] are the liars, we know.	2
Sorry man I don’t really like duck.	25
She represents window licking retards.	3
Lets just say I'm hopeful! Don't die on me [NAME].	20
I believe in traditional gender use in language.	4
Lol alright dude. Nice chat.	0
I would really love to hear you expound on your idea of “truth”.	18
Desperately miss this, [NAME] was one of my favourites at finishing with big choruses 	18
Meh, I'm actually pissed at some of the people I usually defend for getting excited about this too.... we did lose our data.	9
It’s a highly catchy and enjoyable song, I really like it. Not everything should be lyrical miracle spiritual individual music	18
While the new Preds jerseys have grown on me a lot; I do looove Vegas' jerseys.	18
The numbers against EEA will go up once people realise it amounts to fuck all but still costs a fortune.	4
How do you deal with not having pushers? They’re literally our saviors in grocery since we never have time to zone over there...	7
thank you for your consideration but i like both	15
> On top of that, the article stated that some had even had their IUD ripped out by a partner. BLUUUUUURURRRRRRRGHHHHH WHYYYYYYY	7
Yeah no one is gonna do that and get reported to HR for bigotry.	2
It is fascinating that people spend billions of dollars on superhero fantasy yet they hate a real life superhero.	0
Idk how you can be definite about that considering [NAME] has never been rocked before.	6
just like [NAME] was going to win by 90+%? I'm not going to believe it until I see it.	7
We've allways a ear to rent you here in reddit, you little sensitive bigheart. Now time to feel good again, ok?	0
>Limes have autobreaking Ha! That's an amusing typo! You meant autobraking, I assume.	1
Yeah more and more I play BFV I just find myself wishing this thing or that thing was more like the old BF’s.	8
I love this subreddit	18
r/vaxxhappened. Fuck you Jan.	2
Immigrant children dying in state camps? Horrible. Healthcare for the poor and eldery? Also horrible! Got it.	9
It’s funny	1
Thank you so much❤	15
And mine?	7
exactly my condition, mate 	4
We've lived together for 4 years. We do everything together.	4
Do you have any relatives who could support you?	7
So glad I have a 20 minute walk to work up in the Bay Area.	15
I can finally play 'Kabhi kabhi aaditi'. Only hindi song I listen to.	4
That’s a joke between our buddies. A euphemism of sorts...	1
So uh...what happened to men between 1990 and 1995? Why the huge spike?	7
I like Celtic fans more than Buck fans	18
I really only do this after a while if awkward silence, which may make it even more awkward tbh	12
That survival rate is skewed. It doesn't include the people who don't seek treatment because they can't afford it	10
Protesting in general is an emotional response. People’s attachment to their cause grows stronger in the face of confrontation and adversity.	4
There will always be a difference between a friend and a true friend	4
[NAME] why are there so many guendouzi haters?	26
I think it's kind of cute. Someone give her a megaphone, she's a gift for the GOP.	0
I love [NAME] :)	18
Haha I thought that was more subtle than something like HOO DINI or banana bus.	1
Topic change #4. This is getting sad.	25
Why should I get flayed? He's the one who sucks!	2
True, but it all started under [NAME] and will get even worse if Labour manages to get into government. 	11
What is the least confusing racism to you	6
stupid science bitches	2
huh i didn’t even know that button existed	26
Learning to read was the worst mistake of my life	9
nah he only had one good year really	0
I would make a terrible partner. Fuck, I'm not even a good friend. 	9
This makes me feel so much better about the things I’ve done that make me cringe.	23
Far more to do with being entirely irresponsible and dumb than anything related to benefits or tax claims.	9
Most people don't know the first thing about [NAME], so unsurprising.	3
oh shitttt. it’s upside down	26
Just saw your edit. What the crap. Guy was obviously creepy.	3
That’s when we realized straights dress like randomized sims	22
Get your mom professional help. Any grow person who runs away from their own home afterargument definitely has mental health issues	5
Sorry, every time I try a link post my post fails, I’m just doing a text post. 	24
"Imagine ordering this. ""1000 burgers to the white house? Yeah ok buddy"" "	26
Hey easy there, she’s a nice lady 	0
[NAME] WOULD NEVER USE [NAME]! HE'S A GOOD BOY!	0
It didn’t help [NAME]. He should have invested in a crosscut, it might have been a bigger challenge to put back together	10
What?! I am level 20 and I already had 4. I did 5 hide outs in total not counting the tutorial hide out.	26
Yeah because streaming services don’t pay their artists well enough	10
gotta love some Detroit Sports	18
I love how this is worded.	18
I actually should do that.....	4
Wow, I’m an idiot.	1
i believe this is [NAME] from [NAME] on instagram!! her owners are so sweet	0
I think he meant Centrifugal Bumblepuppy	4
While technically true, I think Spin-off generally has the connotation of being canon or at least appealing to canon.	4
Guilty :( I was ready to cry and everything >:(	25
Funny looking bats.	1
Shirt is cringey, but he’s right. 	4
Get [NAME] back on the wing. Looks awful in this position	11
He isn't always. But right now. Shoot the ball whenever you want Young blood. Go head.	4
Cool story bro	0
Someone just needs a hug	5
I mean she’s barely into college so she’s only maybe 18-20 but to be this oblivious is pretty sad.	25
That’s exactly what I was thinking but doesn’t it sound super cool?!?	10
try to attract the guy that i like. other than that i love gaming drawing writing and watching tv.	18
Two wrongs don't make a right..	22
Sorry I meant the participants	12
Interesting I’ve never met any one IRL that met that way. Guess there must be some people meeting that way 😀	7
Either you're very high, or don't know how to construct thoughts in the English language.	3
As someone who is dairy intolerant (milk is in _everything _!!) this veganuary is awesome :D	17
Hey daddy [NAME]	13
I related to [NAME] so much in this moment. I hate that [NAME] gone when he reaches for him.	2
Two goals that are directly the fault of the our defense? I feel bad for [NAME]	24
My favorite explosion in all of Star Wars.	18
I mean idk everyone else I know knows but I just feel this identity is right for me	4
I know this might be an unpopular opinion from reading this post but I have a gut feeling that [NAME] and [NAME] would pair up really well together.	10
Damn that was ugly	11
"The weird part of our ""rivalry"" is that some people bought into it."	10
This makes me smile!	17
Until you provide a valid source nobody cares what your theory is. So it's downvoted.	10
I’m in my second year. Still closeted. Still uncomfortable with my body and sexuality. Still socially awkward.	12
No noodlebox for you then. Sorry.	24
"""Get the fuck out of the fucking chair"", or something to that avail."	2
United wins the championship and then profits 20 million off this transfer? Rest of the MLS needs to take notes and catch up	7
Bonus: her infamous bizarre introduction video. Truly frightening	14
Slightly too pissed off with this comment to merely downvote. Not angry enough to begin tirade. Lunchbreak ruined.	3
I was wondering if that would happen. The story I first read was crazy.	26
I’m surprised they arnt argonians	26
Imagine being an Iowa AND Northwestern basketball fan this year...	20
Who the hell is that. I only got my account 2 months ago	2
Apparently [NAME] is realizing that it looks bad when he isn't performing governance duties.	22
I’m crying omfg	25
You dirty scavenger	11
[NAME] was damn near 293 hoopin? Im dyin.	7
Can you fucking not	2
Two different writers have two differing opinions??? I'm shocked, just absolutely shocked, I tell you!	26
You don't hand your baby to perfect strangers in public. You keep them close and mitigate exposure to the best of your ability.	10
Expect the unexpected [NAME] funding secured.	8
I'm hopeful for [NAME] as well!	20
I bet there's something delicious in there that hornets do make	4
This is petty af but I'm in	4
I watched that one, her butt is real lol	1
Good luck dude, it probably won’t be as bad as you think 	20
I've got no idea who you are but thanks for trying anyway.	15
thanks mate! I haven’t given that idea much thought, i’ll give it a shot next time i’m home	15
This is hilarious	17
Yeah it seems like that lol I just wish they are playing a more or less team game and help you out.	1
sadly it is ;-;	25
Franz Ferdinand are awful too	11
Politics in the KRG are some of the dumbest and most petty of the Middle East.	3
Not when it’s literally contradicted and not corroborated by every other one of that witnesses’s witnesses.	10
So he “wants to be in Denver”. Hooray. Can we hire the best guy instead?	7
Yes! Actor [NAME]. Really talented.	0
Finishing peeing and then still feeling like you have to pee.	11
Our road still hasn’t been salted on Troy Hill	9
Which one is it?	7
They're awesome live too. Non-stop jamming. Seen them a bunch of times live.	0
Hears hoping, best of luck	20
That was amazing!	13
it was amazing	0
Ohhh you're an incel. Your opinion doesn't matter. Back in your hole smeegle	10
Mornings can be hard, lol.	1
I got into law school, and now I’m finally tackling my addiction to video games to make sure I graduate :) 	20
Right. Boiling frogs. But I feel more hope today than I have since any day in the last two years except November 6, 2018.	20
Who the hell thinks he isn’t overpaid	2
I'm glad for that. Once that check comes in, I only have about $3000 to work with.	17
Same here! Although I just try to be happy whenever I am with my child.	17
.... That literally made my stomach clench. I can't believe they are charged for the samples... Just eww.	11
Can't believe he took the time to count that. They both seem a bit obssesed.	6
[NAME] doesn't get a vote [NAME]! Get the fuck out of here with this nonsense.	2
Are you serious?	7
I was chuckling the whole time I read this, I would have loved to be there	1
"To be fair, it is a wild sentence. ""I have genital herpes and a BMI of 31."" As if they're related lol"	1
"""Eh"" Love it. "	18
I appreciate the hell out of this.	0
This is scripted, it's actually a remake/homage of an old [NAME] and [NAME] skit from a few decades ago. I love it!	18
Your VR program is a *game* changer I see what you did there, [NAME]	0
Well, that sucks	3
makes no sense, troll harder	3
Personally, I thank the half hour that wake up thread existed for this W	15
You're still going after this man, you posted from your alt account, give it up and take the L. It's not emasculating at all.	10
Good idea!	0
This is my biggest pet hate of all time!	2
Ok well I hate to break it to you but I'm a magical pink unicorn...posting something on the internet does not make it true	10
This shit got me rolling LMFAO	1
I wish I could go, but I can’t. Do enjoy your time and I pray it is spiritually fruitful for you!	8
at this point if you couldnt figure out that most [NAME] here dont actually support [NAME], you must have some problems	9
He did a [NAME] score? ... yup, that's how unmemorable it was	7
I was just a little disappointed that there is no audible/visible reaction by the character when visiting the graves (also trying to avoid spoilers).	9
For you, the day the bison frolicked in the snow was the cutest time in your life, but for me...it was Tuesday. 	17
Bipolar and talented. I am jealous. Incredibly beautiful.	0
Opposite reaction to the right trying to demonize her. The obsession with her from the right is insane.	22
Oh she dead	25
Oh yeah, thanks!	15
Right on. The cities are where you can find some of the most virgin girls.	4
Not a good sound, a glorious sound.	0
Of course :) thanks for reading it!	15
Nah, reviewable offsides is pretty bad	9
I totally have second-hand embarrassment for my parents. It's equally bad when they misspell something in their email address (i.e: posion instead of poison) 🙄	12
i do not want Wil gone. i love the kid	18
You'd think we don't have anymore tears already... It's been 62 years of crying.	25
Its an unpopular opinion because it kind of makes you sound lika a douchebag and its lowkey homophobic edit:meant to reply to [NAME]	10
You are welcome! I am so happy it worked :))	15
Keep working at it with your partner. I hope it all works out for you.	20
I know it sucks and it isn't like it's a new perk multiple swf probably all have it by now	4
Hope not. That would be a bad decision.	10
Ah St.Tiernan's up to no good as usual.	4
Same pigs who bombed a mosque full of kids learning Quran. In Shaa'Allah those terrorists will burn in hell	2
Lol I’d leave my work phone off and be like, nope didn’t see any calls lol	1
Japan is awesome.	0
It's brainwashing. When you have people keep pleasuring themselves, they're easier to manipulate. 	4
This keeps getting posted. I think not	10
Can confirm. He went political with his comedy though, which doesn't work for conservatism	1
Ok dude!	4
Great setup.	0
I love finding people like this because there’s always at least one	18
This is the full-circle EP story I came here for. Made my morning. Thanks Aunt [NAME]!	15
Kids Day in Toronto, Leafs STHs donate their tickets to kids so there's like 10,000 kids in the arena today. Pretty cool thing they started last year	4
Just got my nose pierced last week! So fun to have the freedom. :)	1
Be more supportive, think about the long road not the moment. 	5
My problem was that Flashpoint ended in 1 episode, when it could've been an entire arc	9
I cant decide if replacing it with an icecream cone would make it better or worse or incredibly worse and also cursed	6
Being a complete idiot and blocking a road in front of a bar. Which is where most cops tend to hang out trolling for DUIs at 2 am.	10
That is fantastic.	0
My ex asked me to tell her my steam password..... With more than 6000€ worth of stuff on it. No thanks.	10
While lifting, loving yourself, and just being confident bro. 	5
We will fam. Enjoy [NAME]. hes a great kid and has a crazy high ceiling	0
I. Love. This. Team.	18
That’s not a very humble opinion at all.	10
I can feel that already, I'm already getting pain at time with it, but I can only imagine the pain after for healing.	25
Weird but interesting nonetheless.	0
You're giving her too much credit.	10
Well said.	15
Where did you hear this? Sorry I never heard of this and I'm kinda interested now	24
Man, I can’t believe we traded all that and didn’t even get a top 10 guy	26
Is her fake chin totally to the right of where it should be here?	7
They both do! Like wow!!!	13
Hell, no. Teenagers just aren't that interesting.	9
Not against us this season, apparently. 	10
> [NAME] My god we have to stop with some of these advanced statistics, it’s legit getting ridiculous. 	3
Thanks. Didn't quite catch all that.	15
oppressed by nature!	3
#I am relaxed	23
I'd ask him how he plans to spend his days once he gets out.	7
I love the outfit that [NAME] is wearing	0
Ah I didn't know that. I meant this [NAME] ad:	22
Thanks dude, speaking of the Sahara thay is how dry our texting has gotten. Any tips to spark it back up?	15
I just can't believe she had the nerve to call both [NAME] and [NAME] low ability	26
Also, the phone is set to another language than the one being spoken, which is a bit weird.	3
LMAO I love hockey	18
Wasn't the scar originally across his nose but [NAME] moved it?	7
I loved that show. “The [NAME] is back!”	18
I'm planning to see one, without my parents knowing though :/ I really hope it gets better. I can't seem to take it anymore. 	20
The worst is ‘get in a group with someone you don’t already know’	11
Interesting theory. I like your science. I just like the taste and wear protective clothing in case it falls apart.	0
Student of the game. Amazing physical attributes and devastating punching power. Humble enough to take bits and pieces from legends	0
alright, i'll be the one to say it. the tongue looks like an orange penis, congrats	1
They weren’t even that good mostly don’t @ me	10
Just remember we’re all silly looking, gangly monkey things living on a rock floating through nothing, all trying to be cool. Have fun	17
Rightfully so. I had it as a child and it was the worst experience in my life. I'm also vulnerable for shingles now. Yaaay.	9
I really like him goat and [NAME] on the 4th line. They've been real solid. Absolute beauty of a first goal. Congrats, trevor.	18
Love the snow suit.	18
I just forgot that arguing with people on the internet is useless and like talking to a wall. So Im out.	22
Uh . . . Uh . . . I'm not feeling so well.	25
The first half is able to run on the momentum of being stupid fun, the second half falls apart really quick.	9
Not really, it can bind *itself* (though not future incarnations) otherwise none of the laws would mean anything.	3
After listening to the lecture, I’ve concluded that there’s no way this kid isn’t a redditor	22
Sadly, that theory is plausible in the lds inc realm of thinking.	25
Mmm I dunno about that 😊 but thank you	15
Shit, they don’t go down!? That blows 	9
I learned that recently driving into SLC for the first time in the rain/snow. I couldn't see shit. 1/10 Was scary.	14
I was pleasantly surprised that I couldn’t think of anything I broke at my last retail job but... you’re right, that was it	26
I'm sorry, do people NOT listen to [NAME] 9th while driving?	15
yep. I feel guilty for throwing them out but they're basically useless.	24
If you have a pelvic kidney and some back pain, I know of the perfect hospital in Florida for you.	5
Fact, the sky is orange. And if you think it’s blue, you’re stupid	2
I just ate my last teva those are my favorite	18
Say it with me! S! A! T! I! R! E! What does that spell? SATIRE!!!	1
That’s awesome! VPD and the Mounties should do the same here.	0
It’s funny u should go check it out	1
I tried that. It doesn't work out very well. You become a machine.	9
Thanks for not showing her picture. I just had lunch.	15
This is amazing news for the Giants. If either of these guys are available at 6 they should literally sprint to the podium.	0
Damn, u right. 	4
Lol, well if it's any consolation, I thought it was funny	1
I fully endorse the oppression and eventual extermination of all gamers.	4
Nope, nope, nope and HELL NOPE! 	10
Maybe 2 years ago the time wasn't right for your relationship and now it is. It's been long enough to give it a second chance imo.	10
it only flatters them when they’re posed a certain way. but other than that, it looks awful and uncomfortable	11
Because it's fun?	6
Lol I wish	8
He's an adorable person.	0
Are you honestly being serious? I have a hard time believing that you can afford it	7
I think we can all agree that this is the right answer.	4
[NAME] a bastard man	2
And why do you have low self esteem?	7
And that was more or less the manager's position on it. He was obviously trying very hard not to call her stupid to her face.	22
This is probably the most realistic if we throw in a 1st, 	4
Don’t like blood of the dead by the looks of it.	10
I'm not sure what you're speaking of, but I suspect it may be specific to your state.	6
Thank you. ❤️	15
This is the first time I’ve ever been reposted. I’m honored	17
That chick at the end. She just gets sucked onto the floor by pure sexual magnetism. 😂	4
It never came into my mind that I'm being edgy, my friend. I'm not worried.	20
Fair enough. But he’d basically become an off tank with all that healing lol. I already get raped by reaper enough (tank main)	1
I like it I just wish he’d drop the m and apostrophe	8
First impressions don't need more then a day. Not to Mention 10 raids and tons of pvp I'll be fine.	4
Yeah i miss lectures for this exact reason. Its pretty bad, but what can ya do :/	9
Anyone know how high of a fall that was? Edit: ~4 seconds of falling. .5 X 9.8 X 4^2 = ~78 feet.	7
My vote... snow will mainly be in the mountains. Good thing to help with the summer drought.	4
Surprisingly, not a lot of people know though.	26
So precious! Thanks for sharing Give me animals pics over human babies any day~	15
Back to back against Nashville and Vegas. Fuck I love this team.	18
What’s funny is these objectively corrupt sacks of shit were bitching about made up Liberal “corruption”.	1
I feel his pain. Bad dxm trips are the most terrifying thing in the moment but they're way more forgiving than bad psych trips	25
Not true. Our knowledge of it is derived from the fossil record, which is geological.	10
Gee I wish.	8
Never once is it implied that the birds can sense crazy people.	1
Shut the fuck up, loser.	2
Same. Wasn't good enough. Left broken. Edit: more broken	9
Ii can't believe you just said that!	26
Go buy some stand-offs. The stop the ladder from falling sideways.	22
Wow! I’ve never seen so many deleted comments, and that’s saying something.	26
What about urban [NAME] supporters who are socially liberal and want to see tax dollars used efficiently?	7
Thanks, I felt underappreciated until now!	15
I am only sharing what my friends said, what their experience was. I found that a bit surprising.	26
Yeh lol. Reddit acts as if he's hitler when he doesnt even get that many views. I	1
thanks this isn’t incredibly triggering for me (and a bunch of others) or anything	15
When I harass women with innuendo and they politely deflect, they know I am right. At least that's what I told the judge. 	4
I think the flairs get removed if a team hasn't been to a major in a certain amount of time. Don't quote me on that though.	3
I didn’t know that existed. Thanks, stranger.	15
Yea the flash fan combo’s purpose is literally for killing one person. Idk what he’s talking about. Lmao	1
this makes me miss my girflriend	25
Hyde Park was beautiful this morning, frosty grass and the morning sun just catching the trees enough to make them glow. 	0
Me too. Damn that damsel in distress syndrome	2
Oh. My heart!	26
I think they’re gonna keep her a surprise.	26
The best workd record	0
I think the comment is highly relevant, thank you for posting it.	15
omg you got me, what do i do now, pls help	13
Cool! Thanks for responding! ;)	15
blocking [NAME] run ? Very bad	7
I don't generally find the CBO projections very accurate in retrospect. Some of their accounting practices and metrics seem error prone.	10
Oh yes! You're great.	0
Well that makes it easy. Thanks again. I'll look into it.	15
I unfortunately can not afford a lawyer. Luckily the only thing that we shared is our daughter	25
I wanna tell the antivaxxers how wonderful it is to deal with insulin shots and everything else and tell them to screw off. :3	0
It's so goddamn funny.	17
I always wanted to be an actor! Always found it fun to emulate and/or imitate others	8
Unfortunately not. 😏	25
This fuck needs to sthaaaaap	2
Don't be afraid to go through therapy.	5
suck me beautiful	0
Should start at 1mg and see how you feel	7
Phone calls are the ultimate nightmare !!	14
So the [NAME] invading an even whiter Westeros full of [NAME]?	7
And the problem?	7
I do to! We all heard a huge crash and bang and I ran over expecting the worse. Was truly a miracle	13
I loooooove Tiff!!!	18
Thanks for the gold kind stranger	15
That's not what follows from that at all.	10
How about as a whole we just hate snow	10
That sounds very sketchy to me. I would be thinking he’s with another girl TBH	3
Happy late birthday :) I hope you got to spend it with someone/doing something that makes you feel happy and whole.	20
RDR singleplayer, not whatever the fuck that online is	3
Goalpost shifting much?	7
Indescribably beautiful.	0
Yeah who knows how many indictments [NAME] is gonna rack up retroactively? It could be hundreds! /s	6
When will this finish	7
Omg I really thought it was a new word for me, not debacle 😂😂😂 she didn’t even try 	26
> Sleeping next to someone I knew my wife is trying to kill me!	14
No, a plot hole means that your story lacks logical consistency 	10
Not too much, I’m talking to a girl right now that’s 5 years younger than me lol.	1
Spiritual shorthand. You nailed it. That term says it all. They've become so practiced in it that it has become meaningless.	0
You might be right. Not everybody is going to find their way the same as I did.	4
They do get an awful lot of upvotes, so they seem to have at least some support from others.	0
A stunning place, you will need lots of cuddles to stay warm though!	0
Anybody think maybe we’re the mystery team in on [NAME]? At this point I wouldn’t be surprised.	7
Posting someone elses camp on reddit? Really? haha.	1
Not sure why you're trying to shove spoiler hints into the face of someone who explicitly said they just finished chapter 1 but more power to you I guess	6
Thank you! It sucks but not being a zombie is so worth it!	15
This makes me unfathomably angry.	2
Yeah. Why throw a wrench into a handy conviction?	7
So, just a super verbose tone trolling?	7
so [NAME] isn't necessarily as dumb as she literally appears... I've always liked her for some reason.	18
Can we get a moment of silence for the passing of the video game boy?	16
sorry im deaf i can’t hear you	24
I know, you see somehow the world is changing me and its so wonderful	0
I really want to know what the coordinates he gave him are	8
This is absolutely lerfect, fantastic lunchpine.	0
She doesn't have to pay anything this is just an opinion of a lawyer. No court ordered that.	10
I still think he should have been the first goalie in the 2014 World Cup. But alas that injury ruined everything.	25
> not broken I beg to differ.	10
I like flirting so this is what I enjoy doing, plus ordinary flirting is outcome independent. Direct approach is outcome dependent. Either way it's all part of the fun!	17
"I love you so much. > **""putas""** Qué eres mi que? (don't how can i translate it)"	18
Bidets are disgusting. In america, we use toilet paper because our plumbing systems can take it	11
[NAME]. Yeah, right. Lol	1
Rule 2, 3, and 7. Impressive. Goodbye.	0
Thank you for this video	15
I love humans	18
the ALTERNATE caption! good thinking!	0
His base is too large to knock him off. Unless he gets impeached/indicted/god knows what, he’ll probably be it (sadly). 	25
Oh you know they’re BOTH going for it.	26
I agree I think this version of pac has the biggest chance against floyd	4
Sorry for hopping on this. But anyone know of any bars in Hamburg to watch the match	7
Goddamn right!	2
Ah fuck.	9
I TOO AM HUMAN AND I SENSE A JOKE HA YES I AGREE WITH YOIR LEVEL OF ABSTRACTION.	4
Same director for both series, and one of the best in the business.	0
I prefer having the TV in the background more than music. Music is something I enjoy in the car or walking in the city.	17
Just think of the awesome stories though!	17
Interesting. I’m very against the death penalty.	10
yeah he was a good defender in Utah	0
Thank you :) I'll try to stay positive	15
The best, besides the hundreds of other games that are better. You know, like how Mcdonald's has the best food in the world. 	0
I also relate (and regret)	24
i agree he is pretty average but the guy i was responding him was calling him ugly which i find pretty ridiculous	4
I was trying to make the point that the patient is still having a seizure; it's just not visible because they are paralyzed.	19
I liked the magic but it's really superfluous. Dr [NAME] is literally just ironman with a bad accent, like why does this exist	4
It looks fun as hell too, from what I can tell. I’d love to give it a whirl	18
The amount of people there saying water is free is astounding. How out of touch with reality can you be?	7
"I love that logic ""I don't like it so it must not exist."""	18
Feels like cod	4
Err. Lol, I guess.	1
Fierljeppen heck!	2
Thank you so much, fehduhp! I will tell her this. 	15
Hope you're still doing ok ❤✌	20
Woah I never thought of that... thank you!I'll say my news resolution is to bake more lol	15
Get some colloidal silver and put that in your eye so it doesn’t get infected!!!	5
For the love of [NAME] gobget the tweezers!	18
I think you're right. She has oodles of cash and young grandchildren to enjoy. Going through that hideous gauntlet again probably isn't that appealing.	17
She's cute but she's got that crazy look, the type of girl that would cut your d*ck off. 😬	0
I have, I've always wanted to celebrate Christmas and actually have a more closer family	8
Ok thanks for your help!	15
i just wanted to thank you. it took long to find a place where i can voice my thoughts	15
Second quote is [NAME], I will Remember You. She's a great singer :)	0
> You don’t get to whitewash Libertarianism’s racist roots. Please educate me on this or educate yourself:	3
Aww I love it, she looks really cute with short hair!	18
thanks heaps it actually did help [NAME] good man, saved	15
This one is by [NAME]! Your suggestion was funny to me, and you've been blessed with your joke being DR Onion #20!	1
Oh but they will be sweet photos to look at in the future.	18
I have this shirt I love it with a burning passion	18
Love both flags man! I was on my college campus today in my old Thrashers hat while wearing my Jets sweatshirt. Go Jets! Have fun!	18
there's a thai restaurant in my husband's hometown that makes pad thai delicious enough to make me cry. i look forward to it every time we visit	0
[NAME] is one of my favorite [NAME]. I would love for him to come home to LA	18
This South Florida girl loves Jaxons Ice Cream. Seeing the kitchen sink makes me want to drive home.	18
It's great with Brave	0
You're welcome, eh	15
I second this. All signs point towards him biding his time until the next election and hopefully solidifying his place to expunge the filth.	20
Kerastase. Redken is pretty good, too. 	0
Holy shit! No way in hell I'd get that close to DFW in a Cessna!	26
For me, I tend to (over)share with friends, but also get offended at trivial questions like you.	3
WHEW that was quite a stretch lad. Gotta do some deep breathing to stretch that far.	4
I got into one building, but I’m planning on going back soon. pictures ^	20
This is what I’ve come to expect from this community. Good job	0
I got confused for a second and thought why would you pay for your ex's trip	6
One of the greatest moments of my life, to date	17
That was a brutal shift. Honestly he should be playing sheltered minutes. Team needs [NAME] and [NAME] back, give bulk of his minutes to [NAME]. 	3
Damn it, I only have 6 comments on this sub, I don’t qualify😞	9
You are the parent your grandson deserves. Your daughter will regret the pain she has caused.	24
I think 2020 will be the year it'll start to really crumble. 2019 is the year we still have to work really hard to make that happen.	20
Jfc, that's depressing.	19
That's a great idea!	0
Ask and you shall receive. Thanks man	15
Yeah sorry about that I don't mean it.	24
Me too, whenever my friends get with people I dont feel happy for them. I just feel envy and rage.	3
Aaaaaand they turned it off. Terrible roads everywhere.	3
Thanks for sharing! I've got some smoothie recipes to start me out and the one I bought today at a local shop seemed to help a bit.	15
It is bad tho.	10
Please tell me how you feel about [NAME] and [NAME] again once you've finish with your manufactured outrage.	7
Twas delicious friend	0
One time my old Teacher made our entire country leave the European Union...thanks Mr. [NAME]...	15
Hahaha love it	18
It was white, just had some black beads on the bodice. Thanks, that was really interesting! 	15
Lol, believe me you would know. 	1
They're wrong I don't like math and I'm still ugly	3
Yeah, but you get the honor back for skinning them as 'Resourceful'	4
Just as a curiosity I wonder what [NAME] would offer for someone like him in light of their desperation at forward.	7
“Regain the fan base”. How immature do you have to be to believe that everyone agrees with you.	9
Is that how friendship works? Holy crap, I've been missing out!	7
I love CO2.... ... as carbonation in beer and soda.	18
Your nan and dad are both trash. I am so glad you were able to pull yourself up and rise above. 💕	17
All the signs, except his username, seemed legit. I also clicked. Now I just want to forget all about what I've just seen...	9
[NAME] is a traitor to this country.	2
They are looking pretty stacked this year	0
# 5 at the end of that clip... Teammate love	18
You've got time to turn it around. I promise you. You can get there.	5
Gift from [NAME]	15
aha, guilty	12
oh yes, we are.	4
Eesh, really sorry for your loss.	25
It gave me a laugh. xD	1
honestly I dig it, though [NAME] could rock it better than anyone ever could!	4
As much as I don’t like his splits would have liked him on that contract that’s a huge miss for the dodgers imo.	10
Okay, thanks Discord. ~~I hate it.~~	15
Interesting. Is it cool to say colored person now?	6
I wishhhh. She’s honestly what started getting me the fuck away from centrism	11
I was joking about the flowers, BTW. I love flowers.	18
> Skyshout overly dramatic, you think they let the paramedic shake it, or is it a Dr skill?	6
Smart guy.	0
Definitely bitter, lol.	1
[NAME] is scared out there. Didnt want the ball	14
Yeah, and I always thought the dude in these comics was supposed to be like 30 years old. 	4
My dogs are obsessed with eating the cat poop from the litter box!! Really gross lol	1
Well if you don’t enjoy fishing, lucky you, there are various other activities in this game which can net you decent cash. 	5
I apologised an very long time ago as I was wrong at this point you are beating a dead horse	24
I always thought of the sound of lakes freezing on cold nights. It's pretty surreal in itself.	17
It’s a shame, I’ve had numerous friends with disabilities but I’ve never treated them any less then my friends without.	12
Can't jab him outta this wind up unblockable lol	1
All of Leviticus is wonderful and interesting. (But I do get the point you are making).	0
I love the comradely for finding the source	18
Some of my fraternity brothers came over, but I’m not sure if it makes a difference 	6
"I love that! We need a ""We have cookies"" line for her, now!"	18
I've only seen the beginning of this video...until today.	4
Guys his username is [NAME]. I really don’t think he’s serious.	10
Stupid science bitch	2
Two year old account with all posts deleted. This is an interesting way to use a shill account.	0
You conveniently forgot nearly killing a toddler by throwing furniture out of a 14 story window.	2
Pretty sure they claimed he resisted arrest. If I remember correctly he was just peacefully sitting on the curb when the cops decided he was resisting.	10
No. It cannot. It's a dangerous fantasy (unironically)	10
it's a damn shame.	12
Ha you're hilarious. Upvoted	1
Atonement is just something else. [NAME] is just so lovely in his writing.	0
Showering with someone feels more intimate than sex for me...and I don't like it.	10
What a great reason to have kids.	0
One of my favs was when we were in the playoffs against the Habs and we won all five fights in a line brawl	4
Not sure why this is sitting at -10. Thanks for your concise explanation of both sides.	15
Guess it's a good thing he cant feel them anymore	0
No. I make jokes about it, and so does he but he doesn't actually know. 	1
I would love it. I'm financially responsible and it would send me a signal that you are as well.	18
She even tweeted the Ghost Adventures crew, oh wow. 	0
Makes sense. Thanks for the rational and respectful comment	15
We used to do a lot of terrible shit in the past that’s not a good argument	10
Way too tired for work today so taking the day off. Feels pretty great!	0
Glad you found it!	17
You live in a wonderful fantasy world where all the students will pretend they are not adolescents with raging hormones. Charming.	0
And then a glorious sports-free summer until football camp opens in August!	20
So what you’re saying is that the frogs used to use the chemicals on us? Oh, how the tables have turned.	7
"I like this one, it's not a ""when you"" meme."	18
Is that a sattiva or an indica?	6
what app is this? i see the layout every now and then i’m just curious	7
That feels nice.	17
I love being down by 10+ constantly.... I feel like [NAME] gets dominated by literally everyone.	18
This is a reliable estimate. It could happen as early as in the 2020’s if were unlucky	9
I like this.	4
Once again if you base your worth/purpose on some base primal act, you're pathetic	11
Happy just came out	17
Ive missed this kind of rant. Thank you. Thank you so much.	15
"Holy shit. I remember sleeping on the back window ""ledge"" in my parents' car! I haven't thought about that in years."	3
Fuuuuck. I am so angry that this can even happen.	2
lol why would we leave the PL’s top scorer on the bench	1
Yeah it's takes some time but use all that negative energy and focus on yourself.	5
Ouch! My hear sank. Don’t do this to me.	2
Why the fuck would I post something on r/niceguys and pretend to be the woman talking shit about myself?	3
I love that he wears the rad suits. You do you Mr [NAME].	18
"And then he comes back after Wallmark's goal with, ""A little Swedish Sizzle!"" Best play-by-play announcer in the business. Love him!"	0
Oh definitely. When you work for the gov't you root for the party looking to expand it. Maybe that's how you'll get a raise right?	4
I wish I hada dog who is as good of a boy as him	8
Totally amazing that some peoples' egos can't even handle being honked at.	3
So good to see [NAME] back, looks like he hasn't lost a step.	17
Thank you. It feels better knowing that this is not an unheard of thing.	15
I love 4 and 5 just as much as the early seasons. You can't recapture lightning in a bottle; I'm just glad they kept at it.	18
This will either be a classic or a complete shitshow	2
Wtf is this lmao god I hate reddit	2
I always wondered how testicles sound when popping.... hoping that it would never happen to me.	20
I just went to post this but you beat me to it lol	1
What he said is entirely untrue fyi	10
I cannot help but get a sense of schadenfreude when a seemingly shitty person ruins their own career right before my eyes. ☕️	3
Wow. What is wrong with you	9
Dude nice catch lol	1
Interesting, I'll scoop some	0
What is this from?	7
Well damn.	2
I see. Never get bored is my main goal :)	4
Love it!	18
lol i’m mean and i know it, it’s because i’m a pisces bitch 👅👅💅🏻💅🏻💅🏻💅🏻💅🏻	1
"I have never heard the term ""glucose guardian""! Where did that come from? I'm stealing it."	7
But that floor is so nice and shiny...	0
Thanks, fixed it	15
I love all weightloss shows but that one doesn’t interest me at all	18
ISN'T YOUR CLUB RUN BY A JABBA-THE-HUT-LOOKING DONALD-TRUMP-ACTING MORON WITH A ~~FIVE SIX SEVEN TEN~~ FIFTEEN YEAR PLAN?	7
Very surprised he didn't frog leap at the guy the close the distance	26
[NAME] would've had to get lucky on that one. Can't give up that opportunity.	10
Nah, lady will come to the resc... oh, sorry, forgot	24
Yea that makes sense. It seems like just another ploy for attention on her end 🤷‍♀️	4
So unsatisfying that it didn’t end with a pit maneuver.	9
I think Judge came in a little too late so he’ll need to be amazing for the next 8 years	26
lol not wearing any clothes in the pic	1
I believe that you should tell him, tell him lovingly it may help him understand how much you were really hurting	4
My dads dislocated his twice. If it happens once, the knee is sometimes weakened which means it can happen again easily. 	20
what's wrong with animal crossing :(	7
Teenagers are teenagers. We dont really care about our spelling anyways. Unfortunate that everyone who corrects them gets downvoted to the underworld though	4
it always depends on person and dosage. get products with only dex youll thank yourself for it.	15
That's what worries me the most - the exposed glans. Is there anything you can recommend so I can prepare myself for underwear etc?	7
that's nice :)	0
I hope it was somebody else's.	20
"""I lost control"" would have been an understandable explanation. ""It lost control"" is not. "	2
Out of curiosity, did [NAME] mention autism?	7
“I’ll never step foot in a gym again”	10
Oh, those dreadful things. I gave those away.	14
The perfect amount of salt for me	4
What an absolute professional.	0
I have to watch it. Sounds pretty cool hahaha	0
[NAME] pretty famous for that. I love the show but there is an entire episode that is blatant anti-nuclear energy fear mongering.	18
they sounds like autistic meltdowns triggered by an immense fear of vomiting, nothing much to do	3
If you don’t include AZ in your 3, you’re wrong. 	10
Beautiful view!	0
The fuck you call me!? A cunt!? Damn man, didn’t know I meant so much to you, right in the feels.	2
I don't think [NAME] is on the cast list for Episode IX, so I doubt Phasma will be coming back again.	6
All I see is a missed opportunity to pet a wolf tummy.	9
Damnit, you beat me to it.	9
TYM is the best place for that kind of thing.	0
Kids in Africa could have eaten those cigarettes.. :( Kidding. Good for you man. Congrats!	1
Fast as [NAME] will carry me. Seriously uptown to downtown via Claiborne or broad isn’t that bad	4
I’m a big Spider-Man fan and this looks terrible compared to Spider-verse and the PS4 game.	11
damn those unlimited lorries. Must be in a hurry to get back to Cork.	3
might be two people on their phone. I'm guessing they had a green light at the time.	6
Ah, then apologies for my ignorance, and thank you	15
Did you make him finish the meal before he got the toy?	7
Yes. Those are all the words from the gif. Good job guys.	0
Sorry, spelling [NAME] Smearing* Motherfukers* 	2
Imagine being that much of a useless parasite	3
You’re a kind soul who deserves a pair of $250 coach sunglasses	0
Better than the posted joke! thanks!	15
I swear if he is drafted as a father son to Gold Coast, I wont be happy	10
Nice pen.	0
I just want to know what the experience of meeting himself was like.	7
> we should ally with them in organization for change lol good luck with that	1
It fucking better have draft assets	4
She's a person of color, they instantly hate her lol. 	1
Not censoring usernames is against Reddit’s rules...	3
What an amazing guy.	0
Wow, kinda lame that if this true, most of us probably don't know about it.	26
Holy shit I grew up in Sugar Land! Moved to Philly. Didn’t expect to see it on reddit today. This made my day.	0
Even when drinking, I would remember that D is 13, not 14. Semper Nerdalis.	21
I'm poly and jn the Raleigh area too, moved here for my wife's job, surprised to find so many people mention it haha. 	26
that's weird, I thought we already had too many outfielders? edit: this was a joke.	6
Do kids even know who Papa Smurf is these days?	7
We are very clumsy creatures. Eventually you just learn to laugh it off. *The crying comes later when no one is around*	25
I heard Netflix was cutting a bunch of content so I'm going to cancel and drop all the content myself! 4d chess move baby!	10
And the douche social media obsessed guy who left the used condom on the side table!	3
I'm so proud of this community	0
When everyone is lying who are you supposed to believe ?	3
It's cool and fun and a nice change of pace but I want my hidden blades back next game.	17
I'm really concerned for those 3200'ish people who voted yes	5
Clean your room, bucko!	3
[NAME] is my favorite qb prospect and I've been watching football for 11 years	18
yeah (my bad I should've mentioned this)	9
That...that was way more disturbing than the top level sub. What the fuck?	3
I like the game tonight	0
slander? it's only slander if it's untrue, and all I said was that you don't grasp satire, which is obviously true.	4
Sorry, your diverse, inclusive baby was aborted.	24
Haha i love chinese food	18
How is ot unreasonable. You take responsebility for what you breed. This natalist perversion is disgusting. The product didnt fail you. You failed the product.	10
Yup. Soft serve turd special	4
Second this. You can cycle along Maribyrnong river for most of it which is pretty relaxing. Fast and healthy too.	4
You might want to let your attorney know about this encounter. I wish I could send you some teabags and a hug.	5
Yes, In the edit, after I already made my comment. 	4
Honest mistake but I deserve and will accept the shame xxxx	12
I laughed at this	1
Her bi energy is so strong tbh	0
I think I like em even more lol	4
Thank you for sharing!	15
My phone won’t let me open the article, how much did he win?	7
Its interesting how it's become so mythologised and based on a large mount of fiction (tanks on the streets, English soldiers) 	0
Thank you 🙂	15
Happens every time. Your just playing the with your sibling and then someone accidently hits the other and it turns in to world war 3.	22
Yo this [NAME] was literally pulling moves out of the Hitman games jumping over to your balcony. Thats terrifying.	14
Very entertaining matchup. I really hope we can squeak out the win.	20
Well then just ice it (if you haven’t already) and hope for the best	20
Depending on your specs. Insurgency sandstorm is my go to game. Coop is also a blast.	0
Do something you’ll love and you’ll never work a day in your life? Huh, strange	20
I don’t like it.	10
But what’s wrong with mayo	7
Fuck people that don't like pbr, only cheap bear I'll drink next to natty boh	2
We are simply comrades in feed! Accept this glorious future!!	15
I hope you stay as warm and safe as you can ❄💙	20
Welp, I'm an idiot. Even better on you for going through the trouble to give credit, then.	3
I will let my nonexistent child die, thats all right with me!	25
No just take care of your body!!! Fuck that	3
Cancel your trip, man. This shit all too much for you	5
They’re pretty great for a budget airline.	0
How dare you do [NAME] like this.	3
Starting super simple helps; compliment strangers! Nothing else - smile, compliment and keep walking your merry way. Hell of a confidence booster too 	4
Hey I thought she was cute the whole time. I was also 12 though and she cute.	0
I almost feel bad for China.... but the culture has a major problem with having 0 morals.	25
Thank you, I will check it out once I get home :D	15
"So your sticking by the term ""extremist"" for this massive chunk of the population."	3
What happened with [NAME] and [NAME]? I fell asleep!	7
Why is it impossible? Can we not manage our own education and incentivise people into the fields we need them?	7
The service made it 20 years ago (1999, yeah ikr 1999 was 20 YEARS AGO?) 	7
That or spot up shooting. I like the confidence though, he’s not scared to expand his game.	0
I never used an escalator until I was about 16 and I still remember moving stairs scaring the hell out of me	14
i love them on the grill with italian sausage they turn so sweet, 	18
Clever, original, and a little knotty. Nice work.	0
/s. There you go. I have magically inverted the meaning of my comment and removed all inconvenient truth from it	3
Thank you that’s so sweet! PM me if you want!	15
The Melo FA is why I got a Twitter account I was an F5 machine that summer.	22
Sorry I now see how that was unclear, I mean being a unicorn on the internet by admitting you may have been wrong 	24
Nobody said it would but it *does* fix one problem.	4
Awkwardly remembering all of those promises I made mid-panic attack...	12
Dude I love working OC. You can bounce around like 4 different districts	18
That's a huge shame and says more about Sacks than it does anything else.	9
"""Can I speak to the Suns' manager?"""	7
You win some you lose some. Still love my mavs.	18
My heart is breaking for that little girl.	25
I feel terrible for their daughter. I wouldnt want to grow up in between the middle of that.	25
I really liked [NAME] tbh	0
This is awesome. You can really see how little wasted motion [NAME] had—everything looked effortless.	0
Agree but 2015/2016 KAT != 2018 KAT	4
No. Can’t wait till it’s legal here	10
[NAME] was our only playmaker the past few years.	0
Can you link this somewhere. Im not too sure what you are referring too.	6
Idk, the Teen Mom subs are bad for this too. Really bad. 	9
You can call me a bitch, and it's cool because you also aren't expecting me to pay you for doing it.	3
Great game Pens!	0
Poor Guy. Come back stronger than ever!	9
Oh thanks this is really helpful	15
Stop. The Bulls played great tonight.	0
thank u for bein a friend	15
I get it from (very Welsh) grandmotherly types at my work. Like they’re lovely but I’m 24??	6
Hi, don’t feel alone. Im here to talk if ya want if not thats cool too. Remember to try to be optimistic!	5
At least your stepdad didn't just take the pillow look at you and leave...	5
Thanks! Having a look.	15
You are not to be truffled with!!! Good luck to you!!	5
You will miss 100% of the shots you don’t take, you just gotta take a chance and see.	20
Yeah I agree. I've seen Jacob's Ladder multiple times. Only Stay twice.	4
I want to learn this, but booze seems to make me even more silent.	8
But if you made that joke about other groups, you would be strongly condemned.	1
If [NAME] loses I’ll break my phone, [NAME] is fighting like wilder what the fuck is this comeback	2
> LMAO, it's not free shit head, where the fuck is the source codes? This the real question.	1
Kinda is. But whatever. Complaining on reddit works too. Except it doesn’t.	22
I’m single I’ve had it thrown at me But I’m being more choosey about who I spend my bed with this year	13
Something I just thought of... Can you email her or text her instead of call? I find it's easier to deal with difficult people that way.	4
Don't worry... I'm on this. I'm using the non business days to cool off and figure it out. Visiting an attorney Monday morning.	5
No, but you wouldn't believe what I'm not tired of seeing...	10
Nice try OSI	0
Why the fuck are you smiling for? Fuck you.	2
HAHHAHA thats good	1
but it sure looks good	0
As row boats are abandonned all around it could be a very interesting little add . If , few randoms row boats had a old and used one in it	13
Wow I’m glad I live in Cali	17
Having this issue as well it really does me in	9
Definitely, I'd do that. The league pass deal isn't awful though.	4
The best part about reading brietbart articles is you know they won't give any facts to support their statement.	0
I can't even be mad that you scored a goal with your face.	3
I might be alone here, but it was probably Blame Game. I don't think I heard a rap song with that much emotional intensity before.	25
This is the kind of thing that makes me want to low key record every single one of my lyft/uber rides.	8
Pls not granny :(	25
Jeez this would be such a turn off to try and help people in the future	5
he's interested. maybe text him explaining what you're telling us just more concise	4
Ok, if that's what you think. I'm just a bystander at this point and laughing at how angry people are getting.	1
You’re welcome!	15
Strong focus on what the subreddit wants	8
I wish I would get dm’ed by famous people :(	8
One of my biggest regrets is that I never got to see [NAME] in person. Incredibly talented and the league is clearly better off for it.	24
motivated me to get up and pet my boy [NAME]. we don't realize pets are fininte... i hope you find you peace	20
Other dude is right, OP and [NAME] comment got me masturbating	4
OMG the ones they sometimes sell that are just one giant piece. LOVE	26
shouldnt be driving baked anyways. even if you think you can, gives us stoners a bad rap	9
How do you know this?	7
You seem to have only participated in this thread to insult me. what a shocker!	22
They can't find police for the streets in England, but somehow with Ireland they always find a way.	23
Good for them	4
Love this! I follow interior designers, natgeo, and Better Homes and Gardens lol. It gives me decorating and baking inspo! No guilt or comparing.	1
Oh look, this entire account was made to link to a store that sells this mug.	4
"""I love games. That's why I keep all those zip ties, plastic sheeting, balls gags and cattle prodders in my trunk."""	18
HAHAHA YES MEYERS	1
Which three of you motherfuckers changed it from 666 upvotes when I clicked on this post?	3
That would be the greatest night ever!	17
Yes, it's great! What I really love watching them play school on the playground.	0
Damnit. Have a big trip planned for the first week of February. Can't wait to get to the airport 5 hours early.	13
Let's hope she will never work as a medical professional again.	20
Hell yeah, high five. Good job!	0
Read. Smoke weed. Video games. Smoke weed and CLEAN ALL THE THINGS!	4
I agree with that, that's really the only reason I play pk too. Probably the reason my win rate for her is 40%	4
[NAME]!! Awesome!! He's the only one that i have anything signed by	0
Absolutely horrible.	14
Homing pigeons make the best SOs	0
What exactly was exposed? Are you just saying things to feel like you’ve achieved something?	7
Thank you for reminding me!	15
Agree, she needs to learn to value herself. 	4
I like these kinds of multicultural projects. Very much in line with my feels about South Africa.	18
i accidentally liked one where my ex was underage....	18
Blue Cheese is about as close as my lips and tongue are going to come to pronouncing that. lol	1
This is embarrassing, but while purging I wear a pad or don’t wear pants at all. Eating disorders are so beautiful /s	12
Very true, honestly. Hopefully one day indiginous issues won't be a political career killer, and we'll have a PM that dares to do something.	20
Ooof. I have a hard time trusting asexuals who declare this information mid elationship.	3
My toddler calls it gorilla cheese, and beats his chest like a gorilla when asking for it, lol	1
Volunteer. Helping people in need will make you feel better about both yourself and others.	20
You ever want to work so close with protocol and get blamed for changes in DV missions that were never communicated to you? Welcome to LRS!	3
This looks amazing. I'm sure Netflix will cancel the series in February.	0
i actually didnt know that there are people out there using quotation marks for emphasis until that weird [NAME] song	6
It’s beautiful	0
This is your first boyfriend so you're overanalyzing more than you normally would. It's your issue you just have to move past it.	5
Got it! I wasn't aware that it was a slur, and thought that it was just a general term used. Thanks for the info.	15
this was very interesting, the first time i saw it posted here... 3 weeks ago	7
I love that [NAME] knows to have both hands visible in the photo with that young girl. Better safe than sorry.	18
Gotta love Texas high school football for exposing me early.	18
This is worse, Balo looks like a horse	3
Ah I love when I’m looking at a random thread and find you in the comments. Hey [NAME]!	18
Damn, you just reminded me how good that feels...	17
You may be onto something. Strange that I agree with this now.	4
I've been out of the country for the past week, has [NAME] stopped sitting on the fence and stated support for remain in that time?	7
Better still get the free game!	13
Inspiring music that makes you proud.	0
"I love the lady in the green jacket chasing after the second car looking back at the first car like ""look what you did"""	18
Censoring criticism and discussion is a very slippery slope.	10
"I drove to Alaska from Washington state a couple years ago in a tractor trailer. Those roads are already pretty ""interesting""."	0
Lol, no.	1
About fucking time ordering ASAP	3
What in the hell are you talking about? I've never said that	2
Use it to your advantage. You will figure out a way. Just get your self esteem up real quick.	5
Is what I took from it lol.	1
Problem is that picture is there before you ever set foot in the cabin; [NAME] put it there. Just makes it creepy.	14
Awesome - welcome aboard and tell your friends!	0
That’s reasonable	4
Honestly thought it was a peeled banana...	4
And that's all that matters. You found the right car at the right price. Congratulations!	0
What I learned last year was not to read the comment sections, because it used to get me hot!!!!! 	3
Been a weeb for yrs and i still cant understand besides a few phrases	6
My favorite joke of all time - whenever someone says 'My head hurts' you say 'it'll get better with practice'.	1
Of course you don't think it's relevant. Your empathy for human life is tentative at best.	4
Nothing about that looks comfortable	3
I just cant imagine someone insulting a guy by comparing him to one of the most successfull child actors. (I know who [NAME] is)	9
Maybe you should get your cataracts removed to avoid walking into tree branches.	5
Are you in Twitter with a similar s/n? I feel like I remember this name when I’ve been posting about teen mom 😂	7
Can't wait for episode 5	13
He s ugly and short. It's pretty clear.	10
Holy heck I'm so happy for you! That shit is an expense no one needs to worry about, and nor you don't! :D	17
Very glad to hear. Good luck. He has more control then he thinks!	15
[NAME], it's like nobody learned a single thing from the game.	9
My greatest fears are getting wooshed and not getting the joke.	14
Just you. All my other senses open up, so my vision _changes_ but i'm still eyes open	22
> broaden your vocabulary I'll try my best. Thank you for this	15
You're fighting the good fight here. If you still want blackberries on your property, you can always try growing our native one, *Rubus ursinus*.	0
Just smile and wave boys. Smile and wave.	17
My bad lol.	1
> Places of business need wider tables and open seating Open-plan Offices are a Disaster.	9
Invisible Monsters is amazing. I'd say it should be made into a movie, but that would be difficult.	0
"What a fucking moronic jackass. ""This is what happened with my piece of shit dad so you have to experience it too"""	3
Pay, 69k each No, I was pirate legend before doubloons we’re in the game. Thanks!	15
Going to jump sides 2nd half lol	1
Your friend is an idiot. You were the embodiment of Be More Kind. [NAME] bless you	3
Because the PS4 doesnt have any incredible exclusives? Edit: I was being sarcastic, please stop trying to teach me which games are good PS4 exclusives :(	10
"When he said, ""IT'S CALLED RESPECT"" and gritted through his teeth-- wow, he is just waiting to let his hands fly."	26
Lol nice grammar	1
I'm sorry to hear. I wish you the best of luck with everything! Just know that we're all here for you ❤️	20
Yup, not enough money	4
He says he still loves me and wants me in his life. He cant bear to deal with the guilt he feels over Girl being jealous.	18
Sorry that you lost that stuff. But that's a lot to have in your car in SF	24
Mr. Steal Yo Perfect Season	0
Feeling the hatred towards that person I get. Actually running them off the road and holding them at gunpoint? No way. No way to justify that.	10
I love this information!	18
It's not cool that so many are going without pay and unable to make rent or buy groceries. Is a travesty that a manufactured crisis has come to this	25
I like your answer and good on ya, love me some [NAME]!	18
Happy cake day :)	17
Yeah, that was all you though. Goodnight and happy new year 	15
good. can't even describe just how terrible this entire thing was. just make 1000% sure this is the right guy.	0
I just moved to the big city, you reminded me to check in my local area now, just reported 4! Thanks!	15
I have had this same bug once as well. Idk what caused it, but it fixed itself next 	6
"Here's another message ""You're a good mom. Your boy is lucky to have you."""	0
Lol I’m sorry for your dogs ears	1
Good on ya my man. I too am excited for some game time this weekend. TGIF	13
also a harsh NOOOO when disgusted	11
Glad you enjoyed! Come on down on Mondays. We have trivia and all the burgers are $6!	13
I’m disappointed that no one has suggested taking her up Oxo Tower yet.	9
Even for an infidelity sub this is heavy. I hope you find peace somehow.	20
It's great that he was banned and your coworkers helped you out!! :D	0
Great Expectations!	0
"I was just thinking to myself ""maybe I should get Tinder"". Thank you for reassuring me that, nah I'm good without it."	15
Slathered in blue cheese. [NAME] is so jealous.	9
If Wacky Races kept on going it would have 100% adult viewers	20
Yeah I can't imagine who wouldn't want to come out first to such a supportive friend	4
Love hearing [NAME] talk about money not gonna lie.	18
I'm so sorry that [NAME] has convinced you that his insane aggression isn't important.	25
Cool, I suspected that but I didn't really wanna waste a round. Thanks!	15
I like him in Friends from College too!	18
I love this show!!	18
happy cake day!	13
You are so pretty.	0
Neat stuff!	0
I’m glad he’s gone from Detroit, but good on him for being a professional on ESPN. 	0
Welcome to eb games	15
I knew this was coming! Amazing!	0
I feel like I know her. Is this Tampa by any chance?	18
Some of my posts got removed because of rule 1 despite them clearly being about [NAME].	22
But balance does not include the dark side	10
You sound angry.	2
Considering I only play in a 4 man group across most games. I'm good thanks.	15
Ah it's the old one. First I can remember! Of course not the first. Or the last. Hard to keep track at times...	6
Boy, I literally didn't expect anyone to respond to this. Thanks, internet! I feel a tiny bit less alone.	15
I laughed several times	1
Another nipple man, we should form our own Subreddit	4
I agrew. I have also had these many times and they always have a lot of ice cream.	4
[NAME] was autistic BOOM	19
It was great, and it still is.	0
a really cool acrylic painting of this same picture!	4
Thank you for your support!	15
Don't worry, with a lifestyle that requires them to have a new hip before the age of 20 they won't be making it much further.	5
LOL [NAME] you're too loveable for that. ♡	1
I couldnt help but laugh out loud. Pure stupidity coming from the mother. No other way to put it	1
school is not that bad	4
I hated broccoli until my parents tapped into my obsession with dinosaurs and got me to pretend I was a brontosaurus	2
I don't particularly want an Eagles repeat either. Chargers, Colts or Chiefs would make me feel best. Then Rams and Saints.	10
Oh shit I didn't even connect those dots!	22
Man I just hope for a good ole fashion W	20
I always seem to date men with long hair and a beard. Often with blue eyes.	4
Heard that too lol. And how [NAME] is fantastic on the ball, but the lack of assists puts him down as a player .	1
Agreed. Sadly, it's not uncommon enough, and it makes me sad because of the implications about mutual respect or the lack thereof.	25
I love the '1000 paw slap' at the end.	18
This is the best one yet.	0
I hate my life	25
I said I'm curious to see how many women would do it.	7
Must be nice my seats were in that area... sadly I decided to go to the bathroom. #PTSD	25
Glad I wasn’t the only who noticed. Annoyed me slightly.	3
Eh, I'm not a fan of the grayscale. Looks too Kingsish. 	10
Not sure why you got downvoted so hard when everybody above is saying the same thing.	10
Looking super dope!	0
Fair to say I won't have to pay pipebomb 10ETH. Happy New year, all!	13
Just found out. Thanks for the tip.	15
Oh this is that one he posted a while back with the dinosaur and flowers 🤢	22
he’s not happy with me	25
It's a close one. I'm going to agree with you because look what happens when [NAME] goes down.	4
Oh nice I was wondering if you could mix flavours. I'll still stick to mint though 🤷‍♂️	26
Oh [NAME] imagining this tween screaming yaaass queen at a poor drag queen made me cringe into a ball	26
"That's because it's called LATCH here and most people just call them ""car seat anchors"". Maybe that's why..."	6
Yes, he needs to sit the fuck down, that's all I have to say.	3
My friend on PS4 said that if you don’t stay to kill the bear, you can’t kill it.	2
This makes me wanna die	25
yes, i fucking hate that.	2
Reminds me of that Black Mirror episode where the lady is brainwashed after committing a crime and forced to repeat the same government-made story with mind controlling phones forever	22
i had a weird feeling colts were gunna win the SB, should have put some money on it 	26
LOL at this question! If he follows the sub...just read the topics for opinions! I call BS!	1
That’s crazy. Depending of the state you’d effectively be obligated to work for that employer.	0
you forgot miracle, fake fan	3
[NAME]. [NAME] and [NAME] just style on these scrubs with fucking mecha Tai Chi.	2
Amazing photo. It looks like a watercolour.	0
Oh my god is this even an possibility? He’s one of my favorite college coaches. That mans voice is legendary.	0
FINISH ON HER!! Seems way more appropriate for a sex doll	11
Unless you're trying it with dollarstore shit, don't risk wasting the money. Just enjoy it.	5
And do they all follow her main account? See, she has fans, they just all happen to be her. Lol	1
Great podcast called Uncover on this. Highly recommend!!	0
True love isn't something you find, it's something you build. 	18
Well hopefully we’ll find out how hard her life was tonight ☺️	20
Well. I’m sick and slept through the game, that wasn’t the result I expected to wake up to lmao. What happened?	6
Thank you new best friend.	15
*Oblivious to double standards Haha lucky he didn't have, * must not be a Hypocrite	1
Come on I think he’s funny!	1
Nothing matters. The world was burning when you came in to it and it will be burning when you leave it.	20
Yes, you just push. I've been having periods for 29 years (bloody hell) and I've never managed to get to grips with applicators.	3
Please don't use it as toothpaste. It will destroy your teeth.	5
I am from central pennsylvania and moved to AZ. Phoenix definitely has the nicest expressways in the country.	0
What a gift!	26
At least you can admit you value one innocent person's life over another. What a shock it's the rich politician over the security guard.	26
Can confirm as my first time commuting by motorcycle in the rain there was hail, then lots of thunder bolts and lightning , found it very very frightening. 	14
What the hell kind of useless annoying bot is this? Beep boop off to hell bot	3
No. Not worth both whatsoever with what we need to fill	10
[NAME] loves his Starbucks!	18
Oh wow thank you all for your opinions, I was just curious and wanted to stare at cool skins :3	15
I'm on my legal age and he's my second partner. I wil try to find more about it...	4
She's just going to suck you back in.	2
It’s ugly. Bye bye and good riddance.	11
You're allowed to me a little mean here, no one will tell lol	1
Really? Some of my posts/comments have been visited by bots How do I kill them?	6
The wow at the end without an ! really had not emthamused!	26
doesn't surprise me tbh	22
Bless you for raising awareness.	15
Talk to your dad, he deserves to know and may help. Good luck.	15
Last couple countries that tried that got destroyed by international communists.	9
Yeah, it’s just a pointless invasive comment when it’s coming from a stranger. 	3
So the time of death would be when the doctor confirms them dead?	7
It could indeed apply to many gods from many different creations myths...which is his point. Everyone knows!	4
Thanks! Edit: hold up a sec. Cowboys?	15
YES [NAME], we're rooting for you! 🎉🎉	4
Your dad is a wise man	0
He’d definitely get dropped at some point and then all hell will break loose	3
I’m now a [NAME] fan! Hope he does well, gl my Canadian brother ❤️	18
Ok that's why, I was so confused of why I saw two [NAME].	6
Sensationalism as usual	4
IM IN ITALY AND WILL HAVE TO STAY UP ALL NIGHT TO WATCH THIS BUT TOTALLY WORTH IT!!!	0
I’m here for a final set match TB like this match deserves!	0
Okay, thank you very much! So we are off the deep end of Riverdale logic here.	15
Just typed out my comment and then I saw this. Yup, exactly.	4
That's ok I get it exactly you're ok with me	4
Uncle [NAME], you dirty old man.	2
Maybe she’ll think it was cute how shy you were	0
they have died here in canada	16
The subreddit has 6 subscribers but 20 online?	7
As a high libido female, I feel the same with posts from males. It's slightly relieving to know someone else struggles the same way.	23
Yeah with this and the other thread DoorDash is definitely down. Just go home and don't answer any 650 numbers	4
Even if you were a woman, your personality is so vile and yuck I would happily do 20 years in prison for murdering you.	11
Yeah I want all our players to have a nice healthy hatred for Texas. Good way to ensure they get hyped to play em.	4
Its literally bread on a bread board, whats the issue here?	7
Hi, this is [NAME] from Hairspray the movie...I care! 	5
He's been pretty open about their very legal and very cool bromance	0
"""Family is forever""? Weird, I thought humans age and die relatively quickly."	1
She’s cool as hell	0
Oh, cool. That’s the TF all the little kids like nowadays.	13
You've added nothing to this conversation and just repeated what everybody else. Thanks for wasting my time.	3
I actually found the whole screenshot – without cropping – on r/funny so I mean	1
While it is unfortunate to hear that he is no longer interested, I hope that this brought some level of closure to you.	5
I love [NAME]	18
I’d rather reply to you, simply because you sound like an idiot	3
Is this [NAME] brother??	7
Youre not wrong, but that applies to every ad. People are generally getting upset with the message more than anything though	9
I would say the answer is better education, not disenfranchisement based on socioeconomic circumstances, but you do you I guess.	4
CL...let’s just hope we can stay in EL for the time being.	20
Are you serious? The entire site determines what to show you based on upvotes.	7
Sometimes, I feel bad if I don't every now and then. I mostly talk with her on SC/IG tho. 	24
Well, it wasnt by 31.... So im still mad.	2
I'll handle what ever comes my way, I adore our children. :)	18
The problem is not getting new players but keeping the current ones.	9
There are so many posts from [NAME] on here it makes me wonder what people think wholesome means.	26
Get em chief, fuck em, I find those people annoying as hell and I barely even use Instagram/twitter	3
Glad she's not living in a bubble then....	17
I've always thought [NAME], [NAME] and [NAME] are beautiful.	0
SOOOOO TRUE!!	4
I'll never understand how people make so many typos in posts that are meant to convey a serious, thoughtful message. 	6
There’s still hope!	20
Wow. Yeah does your place autograt at 8 or more ? So sorry 😐	26
That looks like total garbage.	11
Gotcha, thanks for the reply. I know about the emulator ones, just wasn’t sure if any had been ported	15
Small btc withdrawals are slowly happening. Really curious to know if any large btc withdrawals have been successful.	7
Does it have less scope glint than the 3x medium range scope? Or any glint at all?	6
[NAME] loves you. Be yourself and don’t let bigots stop you.	18
Wonder where all the shit is.	26
its even worse because the starter kit is like $70 too right? So in reality she probably made closer to $30	10
That's true. People feel they can't trust anything so they just chose to believe what they want to believe.	4
I love how the sun just decides its going to pull Australia from Earth and cuddle with us... If only it didn't burn so much.	18
Thank you much better now	15
Because I don't like being fat lol.	1
I miss those lol	1
What a time to be alive.	4
Yes it was very hard but I appreciate it.	0
i am retarded	3
I love this. Just be racist against everyone and then it's fine!	18
[NAME] is retiring but I still agree with your point	4
[NAME] and [NAME] are definitely not wings. I like the other guys though.	0
I know and that made me sad!	25
Best pancakes in town!!	0
Sorry but imma hit you with a fat (X)	24
It's an... Interesting place. You seen that boy shoofta that posts on it? He ain't right.	13
Anytime, don't be afraid to reach out if you're feeling down. 	5
"[NAME] I hate bad mondays at work! He needs to fiind a new job, this one is full of ”bad clients""..."	9
What’s the reference matter if it’s still insulting? Glad your degree is coming in handy for something.	17
spermatozoid is wrong someone with 31Q would have bigger problems than knowing how to write sperm Did you meanS this is beatiful	6
Why do y'all gotta be mean like this. They're clearly comfortable with themselves	4
I don’t know if that’s a better or worse reason for wearing the arm band :(	6
Any time he's passionate about something. I love seeing passionate people and 9/10 want to rip your clothes off.	18
I'm actually surprised none of his wives have stabbed him in his sleep already. Now he has secret service protection 😋	26
I haven't seen a sign like that on mine. Not that it would carry the force of law, anyway, in Florida.	26
Or you can just support your local farmers that slaughter their animals in an ethical and way less horrifying way.	4
Ooh, the pupil proportion was wonderful at this time.	0
Looking good boah	0
You’ve been planning this for a while huh?	7
My favorite kind of post	0
Depression is being sad when there's no reason to be. Losing two ws back to back now that's a reason to be sad	25
Ha! Thanks - that's very flattering. For my part, FWIW, I always encourage folks to donate to their local farm sanctuary. ^**=o)**	15
[NAME] didn't finish the LPs!? Wow. I am in episode 20 something and was expecting him to finish :(	26
Wonderfully said!	0
Why irritated? I’m sure you said lots of nice stuff about [NAME] at the time.	3
This is what it's like to have a heart attack in the Cars universe.	22
Start sending her a text when you go into the shower. Tell her you're starting your shower and you'll be ten minutes. See what happens.	20
I wanna win this game so bad FJB	8
[NAME] no, these are horrid on anyone.	14
I love this sub. Always 5% toxic, 95% thought out properly 	18
Random question but has your username ever actually worked lmao	1
So either the dog is sick or the owner has non-trivial mental illnesses.	6
I guess your ex-fiance was different huh? That's really interesting. I've never had a fiance before, personally	10
Have to admit, a completed quest log would've been nice.	4
Really like Molotov, such a great song!	0
Thank you 🙏	15
Wow so you've been around your entire country and spoken to every single person about traffic accidents? So cool.	0
Thank's for the notice.	15
I wasn't sure either. I'm 30 and my doctor has never said anything about getting retested or revaccinated.	6
Thank you. We literally had stopped her an hour before she made her break.	15
Uh, sorry. We're under trumpcare now.	24
Who even are you? Get off the Internet little boy. I don't have time for you	3
Bye that's it for me. I'ts all over.	22
This person is a god damn idiot	3
Yo kiddan bro. You from Detroit?? 🤣🤣	7
[NAME], now i’m graduated trying to pay off my student loans	4
She already had a child protection worker. It wasn’t her first rodeo sadly.	25
Glad to hear it's ubiquitous and not an OS thing.	17
Put an echo or Alexa under it lol	1
You need to make sure that healthy food is within convenience for the players so that they don’t end up eating 2 minute noodles every day	5
Thank you. I feel like I’ve scarred her for life, but I know that’s probably not the case.	15
It was a dig at OP not you ahah, this video was posted there over a year ago	1
Curious about your thoughts on BC’s LNG activity.	7
Polyamorous ain’t a sexual orientation hon	10
I would have said ok well I'll just take this back to the store.	4
Omg I love these things so much	18
I loved it so much more than I thought I would! [NAME] does an amazing job with quite a bizarre concept!	17
It's a joke, fam.	1
Every right requires someone else's labor. The whole - / + rights thing is a stupid argument.	3
my good woman, I'm not sure that you handled it poorly	10
Cheers mate, ill do that!	17
Karma ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ What a great example for us all, sir. 	0
Stupid play.	3
oh id love to hear it if you ever find it. he is one of my all time favorite authors	18
Hate those ~~things~~ Tweets.	2
The only clown that make me laugh.	17
Totally. I'd be happy if they put the food directly into my hands.	8
Holy shit it's almost like the PYD is a organization of Syrian citizens I can't believe he exposed them on that.	3
She’s just overweight. I don’t see anything particularly wrong with her clothing. Lots of people dress adventurously.	4
I would love to see spirit in her kimono as well if that,s possible in the future >< I love your work !	18
No Mayo No Care.	3
Same. Not being hateful to the op but I don't see the connection.	2
Don't worry looking for it, there isn't any porn tab/hidden message	5
It's like you've never even been around dogs.	4
Yes, it can be a very stressful read at times.	4
I feel like I already knew, I just needed to have someone else tell me to really open up my eyes. Thank you for your comment	15
Or just simply hinting at it. All in fun though	1
Yeah, I do this too. It's almost comforting. I'm glad I'm not the only one.	4
Great documentary on that: Grandmas Boy.	0
The University of Essex was a mistake. They're not even good at sports.	10
Mark it nsfw just to mess with people. Worst title I have seen all week.	11
Everyone thinks that lol	1
Good news though. Yesterday the devs were running test server during the morning.	17
But i really need you to delete the comment	8
Ahh yeah I've been there didn't know it had a name. Thanks dude.	15
Don't think so. Pretty sure i tried it on the MOG 12	10
This is so wildly specific I love it	18
I'll keep u updated man. It's only a 7eth withdrawal so hopefully it processes quickly.	20
Glad *you* find it funny!! You've ruined my morning!!	1
You’re right, no one is taking you seriously, Reddit user.	4
This is an incipient antivaxx community, I don't want to see them lobbying and increasing in numbers like in the USA or Romania	10
I’ll be honest, I didn’t expect that to be real	4
Your imaginary boyfriend is kinda creepy. Although, if he's kinky then he may be for keeps. *wink 	14
That's the exact person who would buy one of those	4
Let it flow through you, become empowered by it. 	5
HOW?!	7
Women should have all the same rights as men. That does not include ending another human’s life.	4
Damn that is sexy	0
DJ finding consistency makes me happy	17
I was also [NAME]. We all make mistakes	4
She has a disorder of sorts. Not only do you both need counseling, but she needs some kind of therapy. 	5
Yep. This sub is just being overly reactionary, which surprises no one.	4
I mean, I believe even Showgirls is a better movie than TLJ at this point.	0
Unfortunately not but I loved the saxy section and would love to see it again!	13
This inspiring.	17
It’s amazing.	13
[NAME], back at it again with the awesome art.	0
Hey there, I hope you're still with us. Let's talk.	20
yeah so even after this he got drafted at 41 only lol...and he dominated vs KAT and rest	1
A joke of a mock and I usually refrain from being critical of other people's perspectives of team needs and such.	4
So, it turns out the chants were projection as well.	22
In doing so, they gave humanity a cinematic treasure for the ages. 	0
Seattle's train is nice... once you get there. It is an absolute hike from the terminal	0
I didnt realize wishing Liberty would open their wallet would make it happen... It sucks, but it's the reality. We need value.	3
the future is now old man	20
This guy is one of the best role models for [NAME]	0
I think you grossly overestimate how many former felons will bother voting anyway, and grossly underestimate how conservative hispanics ([NAME] in particular) are in Florida.	7
(I tried to answer this in my below comment but I also just wanted to say I really love your username)	18
I remember being so excited when we got AAA back, even though it cost us Fournier...man, that sure went south. #ThanksShaw	13
I don’t go out that way much but even [NAME] is killer if it’s slippy out.	10
Lol it's only been 7 years. Don't let your guard down now.	1
Shut up, Mag!	2
The third picture is creepy.	14
The website is still up. You want to see this. I've met the guy. He's super nice.	0
You must have a different definition of exciting. Ivan v Alyosha aka atheism vs [RELIGION] is very exciting.	4
Its all good until that episode where [NAME] traps the bat on [NAME] head comes on and she screams bloody murder and wakes us up.	25
I’m not attractive but thank you.	15
Lmao thanks for the update!	15
I mean I love this but I actually think the backup was better.	18
I used to enjoy it and grew out of it.	17
My husband gets very prudish anytime kids are anywhere. EVEN in our locked bedroom.	9
[NAME] absolutely embarassed Milksmith in the game we've lost against the Griz. It never would've happened if we had AD.	12
Time to let the justice system run its course.	4
She'll ask them a question, interrupt them to say that something else is coming up and then talk about something irrelevant. She is all over the place.	3
I find that telling the truth as much as possible makes things less complicated. I've learned to spin the truth when needed, though.	4
No, not at all.	10
That's cute. Sincerely Nepal, 7.6	0
Sadly, he seems immune to bans. He also dodges them with alts like [NAME]	25
One of my favorite films. I got to see a screening with a live soundtrack conducted by [NAME]. There were tears in my eyes!	18
Oh hey, someone with a brain. Rare round here. 	22
Far enough, np. Its rough communicating sarcasm in text form, especially nowadays with Poe's law in overdrive. 	9
Thanks for the info! Safe scooting.	15
People are very complicated.	6
Dont look back at the salt pillars, trust me.	4
That's awesome to hear. Now withdraw every dime from that website and never go back to it ever again.	0
Wait, this is actually a really interesting point. That could/should play a factor if he‘s a legitimate candidate. 	0
I know plenty of old people who did just this	4
I feel left out cuz I don’t get this, can someone explain 	6
I read your story earlier today. Hun I'm here for you too. Pm me if you need.	5
AWESOME!!!! I'M GONNA TELL MY MOM HOW EPIC THIS IS AND MAYBE SHE'LL TAKE US TO CHUCK E CHEESE!!!	0
Thanks for adding water to an old nightmare	15
That legitimately made me nauseous.	10
Hahaha this is gold	1
Not gonna lie. Sucked out a few, but am really trying to analyze my play afterwards. Thanks!	15
Thank you, thank you. More people need to hear this.	15
I dont disagree with taking the first steps, I just wish we would be even more ambitious. 	8
That’s nuts about the digging. I wish we had better dog boots that fit them more naturally than what we have.	8
U.S. are going to fuck this [NAME] guy so hard...he's going to need help to remove all the stars from his rectum	2
It is crazy to me that there are even people in this sub that think [NAME] isn't worth his contract.	1
I still can't believe that dude in Whangarei is still allowed to run his business. I wonder how much longer he will keep it up.	26
That sounds exactly like polos	4
I like this one she looks like she's basking in the warmth of the sun and just taking it all in it came out real nice partner	18
LOL watch this with the Raptors' commentary:	1
WOW THATS SO INTERESTING It happens to me so often that when I hear a new word I anticipate it but it all makes sense now	0
Oooooooo, definitely agree on [NAME].	4
Isn't that why [NAME] is playing him?	6
It amazes me that she can FaceTune video	0
I see this a lot on Reddit. Holding a dumb view, dying on a dumb hill just to finally not respond to a breakdown of claims	4
I dont think a murder log that survived what killed off trex counts as cute, even if its only 2 or 3m long. 	10
I tried to write a cheque for a fare when I was a teenager. That did not go down well.	10
I'm just curious, all those people who blamed you for his infidelity, what are they saying now?	7
Wait wait wait... did [NAME] go 61-27??	26
How many guys did they have on IR? I think their top 2 lineman at each spot were out at least. Hell, they almost beat us.	7
Don't you even dare try to put any blame on [NAME]	2
Man that movie is such a classic	0
Might as well do something while you're doing nothing!	5
Oh I don't use Twitter, thank you for sharing that info!	15
I like TRTL.	18
I forgot to reply last night, I talked to Microsoft and their engineers were working on the issue. The store was just not installing for anyone haha	1
You need professional help for that level of paranoia.	5
I cannot sadly, good luck though.	25
Debs a bitch	2
I gotta say, that was a WELL fought period. I was worried a couple times...	19
We all love to read into data without actually reading the data.	18
Pretty unlikely as those polls are worthless. Also there is no way GOP/Trump would have supported [NAME] over [NAME] if they thought he was the stronger of the two	10
Cool thanks for the reply. Always keen to learn from the actual people haha!	15
[NAME]! congratulations! and may [NAME] help you more!	15
Yes, the Raptors need to stop committing dumb fouls.	3
Your post is cogent, rationale and completely confirms what I have always to some degree felt deep down. Thanks for sharing! 	15
It's back up now. Sorry for the mess with moderation, wasn't our fault.	24
just go google search, but some r real some r unreal lol	6
welcome to the community, my good dude!	15
"""oh.... alright"" [NAME]"	1
He’s from the city so I guess he gets crazy moms or something. He’s awesome 😂	20
I'm leaving to go get some more motherfucking jokes MOM [NAME]	2
Alright, so I googled aaaaaaand sorry for my misinformed mistake. Dunno where I heard that [NAME] didn't win the popular vote but it was wrong :(	24
I love the views from Red Road. Great photo.	0
[NAME] really loves [NAME].	18
I wonder if, as an added bonus, [NAME] ended the cameo with a dic pic. 	26
this is the best thread ever i s2g	0
Oh sorry I didn’t realize that journalists weren’t actually autonomous humans that can think for themselves.	24
If I may ask what was the deal breaker for you? Did you stay in contact after the breakup? How much time did you need to heal?	7
Hated the work or the city?	6
I've honestly looked at mine and thought, I wonder if it'd keep my cup of coffee hot.	26
It's a statistically slightly worse ICR, take that as you will.	11
Do you hate China then?	7
So you were triggered by that term in particular?	7
What a legend this fellow is, novak the one and only	0
Aww man. And I just came up with a great shitpost I mean idea....	13
Then enjoy your shutdown!	17
My wife loves to sleep in over oversized clothes and a lot of times it ends up falling off one of her shoulders. Yes please.	18
The smell of pipes and cigars reminds me of my grandpa.	22
You have to be trolling because I doubt you’re this dumb.	3
So one partner has a higher sex drive, what should they do? Porn is a good outlet. 	7
Wow thank you so much for this response. I wrote down everything and will try and do it all.	15
Oh man I feel bad now. If you find it funny than it's funny 💖 sorry	25
that sounds disgustingly sweet and yet i want to try it	11
Ayee aha, and Yeah don’t be afraid to go higher if everything was good!!! Lmk how it goes when you do!	5
...I just encountered this on Facebook and your title was my response. Did we just become best friends?	13
 It an argument. Don’t really have time for jack-assery. Lot of people want attention from me tonight, not just you. 	3
What's the deal with [NAME]? I haven't heard much about him lately.	7
I was actually looking in to this game, glad they did this now so I can avoid it, yeesh	17
How about we don't swear on medieval religions at all, thanks	15
Working now, 5:00PM EST.	4
What’s she interested in? Has she taken any interest in games that you play?	7
Yeah I'm in the same boat regarding DC, its hard to imagine living in many other places in the country for me at this point.	9
I am very happy with play music. please tell me this is a lie	17
Not admitting you like something because some of the fan base sucks is pretty pathetic.	11
Well, it is generating them. It has a vector space (latent space) from which you can pick out a face.	10
The greatest of all deals.	0
I’m excited to experience Denver for the first time! All I’ve heard is how amazing it is	13
Better yet, get rid of them if they are non-essential. Why are my tax dollars paying for worthless jobs?	3
"I don't think there's any ""most women"" on this. For me, it took well over a year after my marriage broke up."	22
> I don't care what context this has Why are you so proud of being ignorant?	7
Thanks again!	15
Looks like he's been dealing with a wrecking ball of stuff	22
I appreciate you stat heads because I never look at TS or really any of that stuff tbh. No advanced metrics for me	15
Congrats!! If you don’t mind me asking: what country?	15
Oh I'm contributing mate, don't you worry. The sub clown has been made to look like a knob again! Enjoy your Sunday night x	17
Pfft. That's awful of him and her. They deserve each other then. Grab your shite and gtfo. Hope he enjoys his fog and dysfunction.	20
I mean she’s very outspoken, she’s just typically wrong	10
I always do this. They get closer or just move to another lane lol	1
I've never seen so many shit opinions with so many upvotes in the motherland before. Guess that's what happens when it hits r/all.	3
"""UGH FEMINISM!!! SURELY THATS THE REASON I CANT GET LAID!!!"" see you in hell "	2
That's interesting, thank you. I'll mention it to the psych when I see them next.	15
Because no one was seriously hurt - - - It's hard not to watch this without laughing.	1
I once hi-fived the GCS mascot and loved to tell the tale, [NAME]!	18
Thanks for posting this! And happy cake day!	15
I tried Skelth, it's pretty old and feels like not too active anymore.	9
Hey man it's all good, I'm glad I can relate to someone as well!	23
I like what you did to PK ☺	18
Thank god, Montrose has always been lacking some decent Mexican food and now we're finally getting it!	23
I really hate ginger ale. With a passion. The scenario in that scene makes me sick to my stomach.	25
That's what I said! Except the bad person part but ya know what I mean.	4
My poor baby	25
I don't get it :( + Idk which game u guys talking about :(	6
Ahah! I bring tidings of good news for you friend, [NAME] has heard our cries and is WELL AWARE of our desires for Co op	5
You’re welcome	15
What, do you disagree that that freak can in fact buy a megaphone?	7
And get amazingly toned calves in the process! [NAME]	0
Boom! Thank you I’m going to check out your Channel	15
"""You know, this should have never happened."" Well no shit you dumb ass!"	3
If [NAME] is lurking here it's probably definitely not good for his issues	10
My bf just got this too. He's obsessed	4
yeah exactly! thanks for understanding.	15
There's an Arby's/Long John Silvers near where I live. I'm glad they don't cross menu items.	17
0% But then again most of us on here aren't placing top 8 at majors so that could factor in	10
I like to think that the next update will add zeros effects towards the tac mask challenge. Speed things up real quick.	20
It absolutely is. Sadly, most players seem to only want [NAME] with different aesthetics.	25
I noticed a lot of times racists just try to bait people so you did the right thing.	4
Never heard of high app but will look now!! Thanks for posting peeps!	15
Braindead people blocking lane is pure cancer. But the most horrible part of your story is that you got stuck in checkline line for 10 sore minutes.. Wow.	3
If someone calls I will text them and say I can't talk right now. No matter what I'm doing.	20
Maybe try to do some little thing you really used to enjoy. Even if it's just for 5 mins it's still a small victory.	17
Nice! You and her would get along i bet. She loves her crafty machines and creative people. 😇	18
God damn I miss this game!	25
"If you really think that pro-lifers think sperm are ""potential children"" you severely misunderstand their worldview."	6
What? That doesn’t answer my question.	6
Happy New Years, sidepiece!	13
Nice try Iwobi	0
Men don't tend to have bags as big, I reckon	4
It isn't a bad thing if the population in question is low IQ.	4
that's ace, thank you so much 	15
**KICK HIS ASS SEABASS**	2
Will that's what that poor child was just taught. Some parents have no idea	25
I wish I could tell you if it was a good t.v. Let me just find the MOTHERFUCKING REMOTE!!!!!!!!	2
[NAME] was pretty god damn brutal too.	0
She must hate her father.	2
Love it. More power to you!	18
i follow her owners on ig and she actually gets around really really well! its cool to watch really	0
So much better that way!	4
Love the username.	18
Yes, that's what I'm confused about. Playing RE5 solo.	6
Omg I could cry at this	26
Unfortunately that's a long old way from Sydney, but I'm glad teams don't mind having non playing members 	15
"Ah the classic ""I don't deserve you"" argument."	3
I was surprised when they sewed them together instead of hot gluing them.	26
I miss you [NAME] 😢😭	25
Averaging 12-14 off the bench isn’t nothing	10
Thank you. I downvote all the lies I can, if I like them or not.	15
hahaha incredible, good catch 	0
Got it, thanks for clearing it up.	15
He mustn't know about Mr. [NAME] and the cause of his untimely death.	10
As a contractor this is a huge nono. If it's not on paper it not on your wall either.	10
hello there, i sent some hugs your way. ^.^	18
Oh, did you not know [NAME] is the highest graded overall passrusher in this class? At any position!	26
Props to your dad, you dodged a big bullet there	0
I like it when science proves things I thought was common knowledge	18
Next time something like this happens tell them it's illegal to pet a working service dog and they could be sent to jail for it	3
Funny because I only owe 20k... I guess no one told these kids community college exists.	1
Sorry, no. We’re just going to export [NAME] to you guys. 	24
I leave for three weeks in Morocco tomorrow. Excited for the 80 degree temperature swing.	13
I had a choice between him and obj at 6 overall and I’m glad I went with [NAME]	4
I work from home and live with my daughters. It's so serene, but also a lot of fun because we have great times together.	17
Well shit, if all you gorgeous people haven’t settled down yet, there’s no hope for me	3
this guy /u/EightRoundsRapid is sending me nude dm's even though he knows i'm underage, what do i do?	6
I get excited reading headlines like this.....all the way until the end where it's always in a country NOT my own.	13
Couldn’t find my wallet for the last 4 days. This also happens to be an awesome way to not spend any money.	0
Strawberry lemonade by ziip pods is the best I've ever tasted.	0
Nah, substance abuse is sad, period. 	25
He was so proud of it, too ...	21
This is dangerous.	14
Are you [NAME]?	7
And oof for the red car	23
More excited about the pick than [NAME], but might be nice outfield depth in time.	13
I had a feeling...crazy what that guy can do to his body.	17
I’m uncomfortable just looking at her.	19
Sorry lol, that’s left over from a lot of parenting and relationship subreddits. 	1
Yes! Bewildering. Thanks for posting. Really.	15
[NAME] my favorite character 🤣	18
>Ruthless Lol, only in these people's minds, she's fine.	1
Have thought most of the game was OK with some bad calls both ways... These last 5 min tho...	9
> 82 percent of black voters trusting [NAME] and two percent trusting [NAME] Seems kinda high for [NAME] lol	1
You look like [NAME] ex fiancé from The Office	4
I was just joking...	1
The cheerfulness of the “hail satan” text overlay was unexpected.	26
The first season was excellent and two was very bad, you should try three and four though	0
Oh for fuck’s sake.	2
Because you deserve to live and be happy	17
Huh. Weird.	11
I know [NAME]. She's not that great. And you know her husband's in a wheelchair, right?	7
Competitive Deathmatch was a huge reaper fest last season :( Had many games where everyone was reaper except maybe two people	25
This comment doesn't make sense. I'm not sure what you're trying to say.	6
We are becoming increasingly aware that there is a significant portion of western populations which simply refuse to believe facts as delivered to them by educated professionals.	22
As a former professional graphic designer, thank you for the gift of this subreddit.	15
But something is extremely wrong if people are getting sick. Might not be a sonic wave, but it definitely is *something*	25
All fair enough, but you should start just cleaning your dishes straight after you use them. You'll be much happier.	17
I don’t know why they bother with it.	6
I should have changed that stupid lock! I should have made you leave your key!	22
The person he marries is going to be murdered by him	20
*pat pat* they will all be fine	5
Ok just making sure i was confused	6
Thank you UsurperRebellion, very cool!	15
Ahhh more and more selfish	2
removed the bit calling you a right winger. Sorry.	24
That's interesting	13
I'm out of my past issues in many ways; thank you for the concern. What is one without their vices	15
I'm kind of struggling tonight. Bored, lonely... man 	25
That's probably all I am going to do. Edit: I could also just visit this sub to find out what happens.	8
Not sure but I imagine it's the liquid. The gel is just gelatin.	6
Oh I know. [RELIGION] is the most severe form of brainwashing on the planet. There’s absolutely nothing like it. It blows my mind.	26
Baseball?? Where’s my baseball??	7
yeah, there's even more registered online. scary.	14
Oh good. It's nice to see confirmation that you're actually trolling, because no one is that stupid 	0
That illegitimate-no-good-dastardly-basterisk deserved what he got!	3
Hell yeah! I can't wait for the rust to break off and for people to be as excited as they were years ago.	13
Words of wisdom! Do spend that cash in upgrading your ability cards.	4
Thank god the league doesn't force teams to trade or transfer it's player.	15
Well I did add an edit you might have missed haha	1
Oh come on, you can't mention Psi-Ops without linking the theme song!	10
Someone who seems great while texting might not be that great in person. You can't make someone meet a stranger if they don't want to.	10
I love seeing the crowd's reaction to that every away game.	18
How did such a veteran make such a rookie mistake	7
Chappie bad?	6
Lol I’m just joking the “we did our due diligence part” is prime lynch talk haha	1
No another person lol.	1
It’s possible that the dog just escaped. Especially since it might be excited by the massive crowd running	13
And completely daft	3
What country are you in? That makes a big difference for context of advice.	7
Just made some Ham and Lima Beans with those. You are very correct ...	4
Hes been amazing, so good I've pondered about playing a 442 with [NAME] and him in the middle	0
This picture really drives home that the CIS can be super terrifying when they want to.	14
Can i give reddit gold to your sister... Or at least a gold star Also how was the show	7
The details on this building are fantastic. If anyone gets a chance to see it up close, you definitely should.	0
Is [NAME] gonna die to a bucket of water at the end of the series?	7
That’s such a beautiful moment to find each other there and support each other even if you know you can’t have each other.	0
Hopefully you will be ok.	20
Credit? For what? Using an old Soviet tactic to insult the church? For encouraging people to kill preists?	7
I was messy..............then I became a minimalist.	3
“What the FUCK is this [NAME], explain!”	2
Logan Square also has the most rats (or reports of rats anyway)	3
If [NAME] really did look like that guy though...why was the dumbass gonna step to him like that?	6
It was fucking in!!	2
yea so disgusting	11
Sir excuse me my mother says i am a very handsome young man.	0
Yeah, assuming what he said is true yes he has a chance, but it's hard to say for sure given the circumstances 	4
What documentary?	7
This tweet birthed the thread that birthed the legendary “I won best burlesque of the year 2018”. Bless.	4
Sorry, I meant let them know outside of class.	24
I feel like she’d be more than half-way there if she just fixed those eyebrows...	20
I always get concerned when I see Nono standing at the stove or being instructed to pick Milania up from demon spawn practice.	19
Reading on that sub makes me sick.	3
Yeah but it's fun lol. Hes banned a lot in NA also.	1
Thanks for reading!	15
that's ok, I'll come join you someday after I've finished all the tears here so be patient ! : )	5
Ok cool but where can you study Old Norse? That seems like exactly the type of useless but cool skill I’d love to have.	18
Just wanted to say I love your username	18
Coincidence..only 2 hours ago I opened a roll of US quarters Ive had for a few months..16 regular pcs...and 24 states quarters. 24..quite happy.	17
Well if you refer back to my original reply to you that should be clear, really. 	4
WAIT IT'S A HAT?! YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO	6
Instagram is the only one to blame for all this evil	10
I second that motion...with A VENGEANCE!!	2
Ah, so you're the reason people hate aspies. 	2
Prayer will help you more than any of us can	5
So..... it looks like dude is willing to break his own neck to help a vegan who is choking.	3
Also featuring the dat ass meme in the 2nd panel and the LOL rage face in the 4th. Both ancient but apparently still considered funny by some.	1
How many shitposts does it take to make me unsub	3
What are you rambling on about	7
How can we expect to devise useful interventions if we don't accept the reality of the situation?	7
I'm so uncomfortable.	12
You made the right choice. Helps to get him out of mind, out of sight and begin the healing process.	4
Communists love the state, make no mistake. It's either totalitarian statism or mob rule, which commies would fail miserably at. 	4
Can you please make one for ps4 with (movie) [NAME], [NAME], and Palp please?	8
"I'm irritated by the upside down ""Anti Crease"" bit more than anything. "	3
Fun fact: [NAME] decided to delete an entire string of comments after mine because they made him look like more of a man-child than he already is ;)	1
Does he have to be so anal about his rep? At least he's (in)famous. *Awesome job, OP!*	0
Match highlights for those interested, it was a very fun match	1
Wow 4K!DS Kaede looks kinda decent	26
How old are you? Do you get free housing and healthcare?	7
I’m down for destruction at anytime. Destruction is my best friend! But hope you feel better, heart breaks do indeed suck. 	20
I really like [NAME] videos	0
Lol’d at your flair	1
This made me soooo uncomfortable yikes	10
I would highly recommend [NAME] ([NAME]) he is the great-grandson of [NAME]	0
An ugly fuk	3
Your part of the problem why autism isn't taken seriously	7
TBH she kind of brought it on herself. I'm glad the GM came to his senses.	17
Dark humor is like food. Teenagers love it and prefer quantity over quality.	18
Ohh salt would have been good, but I was too pissed off to not do something more aggressive lmao	3
Now I just want to see every scene with [NAME] in it with [NAME] following him around playing the theme.	8
Plenty of places to build more damns in the WCape actually. Damn's are not the way forward? What do you propose?	7
Wow, so that means common tongue isn’t English!?!	26
I'm just happy I have the Pen to watch and listen too when the Steelers are on the brink of collapsing...PLUS no locker room drama...	17
You stole this	2
I like the six nations partly because I get to hear a packed out Murrayfield sing flower of Scotland and that’s always brilliant	0
I think morality and purpose are fundamentally subjective and I don't see how rush would change if a god existed	6
Thank you for making this guide.	15
Praise the [NAME]	0
The game is pretty fun with items tho. Just obviously too random for esports	4
You are not yet worthy to possess this knowledge. Watch the film and you may be rewarded.	10
Are u gey	7
It’s funny how people use one good game to dismiss an argument against a player. They do the same thing with [NAME].	1
aw too bad im 6.5k, you arent extremely good. 	9
I guess some people havent met meth	6
Yeah fucking thanks, politicians back in the day.	15
I'm doubting the teeth cleaning.	10
And happy cake day.	17
"Love this. ""Where were we"" and ""what were we"" before birth? It really helps to think this way"	0
Love the [NAME]	18
[NAME], I hope so..	20
Haven't played in forever, but [NAME] solo was my jam back in the day. Glad to hear damage tanks are still good	0
Makes no sense. What the hell are you trying to achieve ? Sound like a dumho	3
Can't believe everything you see on the internet eh?	7
Damn is it really?! Ah, that makes me love his performance even more	18
I'm not vegan cause I love animals, I'm vegan cause I hate myself. 	2
Try it sometime man. You may just enjoy it	17
Hoping. Regardless, its true.	20
I'm sure the guy posting is this just gorgeous with the best personality ever	0
Its cool, looks like it has a dish drying place built in too	0
How did that tree not grow?!	7
I love cops and military. I just want them privatized.	18
It's a weird way of saying you don't want to see my penis	12
Because feminists have equal rights already. Feminism only still exists because some women figured out that they could use to further their privilege.	4
i thought i was the only one who felt this way!	22
The OP is definitely [NAME], and I'm not complaining. Love his work 	18
Devastating to hear of any news like this :(	25
No. It’s creepy.	14
What the hell did you just type?	3
I am sure that whatever happens in the end, [NAME] will fuck it up.	3
two robocoughs what a good idea i love buying robocough by the case	18
"Do people really not get over bullies and have to make up stories about ""righteous revenge?"""	7
If it was six, I would have accepted it as just some crude humor	4
I cheered for the Superbowl to be canceled	17
Thanks so much, appreciate it. She actually wanted to read CES letter with me tonight, we really about a 1/3. Will post update later on.	15
it's not hipster until you start calling it mylk, anyway.	4
There's a reason that the 'Best Girl' achievement exists.	0
At least things are looking up with the next generation. That optimism sits in stark contrast to this news.	20
they're called queens for a reason, fuck democracy	3
This sub is going to be so ridiculous until he signs somewhere lol	1
New to the area. I would think it's due to the cold. I havent seen my neighborhood this dark.	6
hell yeah my brother	3
I love [NAME]	18
Oh shit. Is back?! Time to import	26
I love stories that end well. Makes the new year even better.	18
Damm. The more you know .	3
My heart skipped a beat when I saw this. My childhood dog looks just like them, and her name was Brandy!	19
Oh....yuck	11
I am now weirdly aroused	13
That awkward moment wHen someone already used shell as a pun earlier	12
I do not see how that is disgusting. She's cleaning her self and had a discharge, so what? 	11
I don’t think that can happen here.	10
I'm on the receiving end of a breakup, and i'm not handling it well. So cheers from Germany!	17
Yes, I've noticed it too. Or the photo of the item won't load. This company is so shameful	12
Sometimes I think the Padres link these rumors just to remind the world they still exist. ... But it would be fun if they actually came true.	1
It's not something i'm proud of, but I definitely fucked up that day.	11
>I have always been fairly short (5'9) Is this supposed to be a joke.	1
Where did you see them? I’d like to watch too	18
Half right I am 15 but I’m not a goth and just enjoy the taste of human mostly blood but flesh is almost as good	17
Removed for violating Submission Rule #1 OP, I think you will have better luck in /r/relationships or /r/relationship_advice	20
What about white supremacist? BLM called [NAME] a white supremacist terrorist, that label is damaging and in the same lines of a neo nazi.	7
I got a girl's number at work and we're dating now so all girls aren't like this lol	1
Is your teacher [NAME]?	7
It's not like it's a bad thing...	10
Really? I thought he was a Solicitor before Newstalk?	7
Okay, carry on then. Just thought I’d make sure you recognized that there was a difference.	22
Is that a normal price for this kind of thing or is it [NAME] expecting a super-wealthy person to impulse buy?	7
By being intellectually dishonest? Ok.	7
This didn’t age well	10
Thanks for the suggestion!	15
I'll admit that's a bit surprising, since it's such a massive international hub. But beggars can't be choosers I guess. 	26
Well yeah, you've gotta paint it white yourselves	3
Well said, hope more and more people continue realize this and discover/take-back their power!	4
He’s one of America’s greatest songwriters.	0
what did you guys expect for sunny gray	7
Lol that reaction was golden	1
Not sure to downvote because genuine and encouraging or to upvote because sarcastic and hateful.	6
Because Im going to feel sorry for the death of someone who assaulted me. Sure thing buddy.	24
Sounds awesome!	0
Always been a Yankees and Chargers fan. Ask me how it feels to lose to Boston in two division playoff rounds within a few months.	18
Genuinely fascinating.	0
That was beautiful.	0
It had bad spelling but i understood it u grammqr nazi	3
Old ladies are like the only ppl that are nice to me lmao. Kindered spirits with the ugly.	1
"It's called ""Duper's delight"". You see it frequently in sociopaths like serial killers, or politicians, or both, like [NAME]."	4
i love the eyes wtf they’re staring into my soul	18
Once it became clear I was too old to have a family, yeah, it felt too old to bother with it.	22
Did I say he was a scammer? I said he's disgusting and there's nothing endearing about him at all. Not surprised this subreddit is defending him	11
Does she not know how cups work?	7
Oh word. Thanks for the heads up!	15
Love your username!	18
Is this cronometer? Thanks.	15
Thank You All for your comments. Thank god I wasn’t alone on feeling this.	15
I wish I could be this person.	8
I upvoted because this is absolutely stupid and hilarious at the same time	1
>Playing competitive MTG has brought me as much joy as my children. Yeah this conversation is over	17
Feel free to PM me, I was a longtime vegetarian before transitioning to veganism.	4
That's what you get for not washing your mouth for months.	3
Thats just dumb, u are stealing from people that just want to live a good life cuz other were unlucky, they were also unlucky by being born.	2
You will watch porn again, don't try to fool me	2
I’m happy for you two. Cheers!	17
Don't worry, I'm pretty sure you're right and he's wrong 	4
I’m going to bed nowish, hope you’re ok. HMU if you want.	5
But once again that is a problem with the people. So many just attack the people who disagree instead of the arguments.	10
And it’s not like he was a bad coach. We’ve been spoiled from all our great seasons.	2
You are an asshole.	2
[NAME] woulda been better smh	4
I don't know why anyone would willingly live in an HOA.	6
Good for you!	5
Yeah, she's reasonable on some issues for sure, but the problem is that there isn't more like her	4
This joke has been on here a million times and never ceases to trick me	1
I want to thank whoever lied to her and said those contacts were a good idea	15
Then YOU go right ahead...support and guide him.	4
[NAME] damn, she must fuckin’ STINK.	2
I'd say no, mostly because you don't plan to stay long-term.	10
[NAME] is amazing, big fan of him. 	0
Love takes work and commitment. If it's not worth the work it isn't love. Learned that one from my blood family.	18
I don’t have to stop speaking fact simply because it’s uncomfortable for you to hear.	3
I would try to find someone who wasn’t married and exploring sex parties because...I’m boring as fuck, I guess.	8
"""There's always a bigger fuckup."""	3
A million little things. I love it, but cheating arc within first couple episodes. 	18
Weird headline. 2 children per mother would be expected to shrink the population.	11
My 2 year old loves Word Party. Story Bots is another good Netflix option.	18
We are sorry but the sympathy you are looking for is not available in your region.	24
>I just wanna let you know your beautiful I don't appreciate being lied to!	15
Looks like the other driver to the right was predicting that to happen. You can see the brake lights come on the SUV.	4
Fuck i know. I'm so worried for girls like me growing up now.	19
Bravo, that looks beautiful. Though i know for a fact that i would find a way to fall face first on those things sticking out.	0
Thanks for an interesting thread. How many of the [NAME] in Malaysia would you characterize as [NAME] or supporting political [RELIGION]?	15
I can't imagine it's going to be easy to come to the realization that your parents murdered your brother.	22
Glad she was a good sport about it.	17
I like this. I like this a lot.	18
The real tips are always in the comments :D	17
You are very welcome. Happy growing. Keep in touch with your success.	15
She is beauty she is grace she just just grinded the ground with her face.	0
"""Put yourself into the position to be able to profit from luck"" is the best I can formulate it."	5
Wow this is the first I’ve heard of this. You should go tell /r/hockey, I’m sure they have no idea either.	13
Thank you!!! I'll do this now!!!	15
And yet he's still plummeting in popularity, even now. No he aint babe.	10
Elite Disrupter and Elite Stryfe. Also, thanks.	15
"That face screams ""Fucking gods, do I have to do *everything* around here?"""	3
> The defunct club still sit third in the overall NI league roll of honour despite not having competed for 70 years. Wow	26
She looks like a televangelist.	0
Sports are fucking garbage. Basically just religion but with jerseys and beer in public.	11
She’s so gorgeous, I hate you too.	0
I was so scared to click that. Yet I did.	14
>+. I’m in my early 3 Exactly This. It's the worst.	11
Still extremely impressive.	0
great day for him though, awesome story for the rest of the week	0
That makes a lot of sense. I wish I knew how to stop myself from doing it tho	8
I never read it, but I sure remember being creeped out by this claymation version	9
You can. I've used my Kroger-linked phone number while travelling to other states with success.	4
[NAME] is pretty fucking scary	14
I'd be a lot more excited to see [NAME] flash the leather at 3b.	13
you almost blew my fucking mind there.	3
thank you, female, very cool	15
You like [NAME] but dislike [NAME]? That is weird considering that they both are on the same low level of intelligence.	11
Nice! Boahs for everyone!	0
I’m glad I wasn’t the only person who wondered about [NAME].	15
Yaaaaaas! Also, your username is awesome.	0
I agree. We could even change the colors to black and blue so we are not like soccer	4
Havent been working for 10 years at this company about 5 now, but i have overall 10 years experience	21
You could easily avoid him. What a crazy concept	4
You know I’ve always wondered what this song was about. Thank you.	15
[NAME], I believe you buddy. you might be a weird dude... but no one is weird enough to make up a story that bizarre yet banal.	3
Ok? I’m addressing your points here. Don’t worry though, your reply suggests personal attacks are the way forward. 	4
Agreed, that’s different if it’s their choice, but I would suggest against starting off that way!	4
I shower with the lights off. The first time felt really unnatural but now it's actually really comforting.	17
Agree, I love her so much	18
[NAME]. i love it	18
Just imagine Disney characters without gloves. Yes it's that horrifying	14
She had it saved on her phone because she was too lazy to delete it. Thank goodness.	15
but he got a chainsaw hand. that's pretty cool	0
True only it's much harder to hide real property than it is to hide cash.	4
Yous offered the guy a contract and he rejected you. Probably couldn’t afford him lol	1
Tfw when not only is it tiny, but it’s damn ugly too. :( 	11
I will happily convert to [RELIGION] if I can quit my job and have unlimited food. Please tell me how to accomplish this	17
OMG, im on hype.	13
Thanks, I hate reposts	15
They're passionate about different things.	8
Investments like that are a paper trail. Ordering takeout food and riding Go-Karts with cash, are not.	4
Can't wait to the part where she ties him to her chariot and drags him around the Capitol.	13
Such a nasty woman	11
"Yes. ""You better settle down over there or I'm gonna come talk to ya."""	5
You have mental problems dude. Get off the internet and get a life.	5
"Bring them into your home, feed them, love them and have a sign made that says ""cat sanctuary"" and hang it above your front door. "	18
Will do. Have a good night man.	20
What was the fastest you were ever going over the speed limit when you got it dismissed? I’m most likely going to go with Sullo also	7
Ive gone through very similar things...i completely understand. Praying wont do much, seek a therapist to talk about things	5
This gave me ultimate anxiety	19
That IS a fun fact	1
Struggling to get the basics with a $1,000 phone. Y’all need a reality check 	3
You are right. Totally my bad.	4
The real [NAME] is always in the comments. Thank you internet stranger	15
Your work is amazing! Really like the Rugrat one. The melting style is so cool. Prices are very reasonable for the quality too	0
You’ve become the very thing you swore to destroy	3
Way to go!! Thats something I hope to be able to do some time in my life again.	20
Didn't he steal something ludicrous like a diamond ring? Like is he a cartoon bad guy?	7
I disagree. It's a couple of loud voices and some pretty blatant brigading from at least one of them.	10
"Of course right as I came across this my mom texted me saying ""I remember 2018 like it was yesterday""..."	4
Damn. Really?	7
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **4th Cakeday** notasci! ^(hug)	13
Cant you tell how sad she is from her face?	25
Just getting your cover in aye?	7
Mi Patio Mexican restaurant on 7th ave and Osborne. Their chimi is amazing.	0
“But [NAME] wants you to have kids!” [NAME] should have given me ovaries then lol	1
That has some amusingly unfortunate implications for those that believe all [NAME] are descendant from [NAME], son of [NAME] and [NAME]. 	1
I can't believe you won!	26
That's capitalism for you, don't worry though. There's another recession on the way.	5
I love learning, but I can’t be asked.. 	18
Oh wow I didn’t know they put out the entire song. Thank you! Have an upvote.	15
That’s sad, although I’m aware they historically haven’t been weaned off of authoritarianism.	25
You don't even deserve my attention anymore. Bon voyage sucka	2
This man has a great attitude!	0
The world is a big place, there’s always someone.	20
Audio version as well.	0
at first I thought this was a JWong diss thread lol	1
ah, rejection. i know something about it	10
"Also because someone could then be either ""An Asexual"" or ""A Sexual"", and that would be confusing out loud. "	6
Oh I didn’t realise, sorry for my ignorance 	24
No one to blame here, bad luck is what it is.	25
It’s crazy how many people don’t know the difference between fluid ounces and weight lol	26
Please let [NAME] live 🙏🏽	5
[NAME] I hope we don’t have to as long as the Cubbies did to win a WS	20
Omg yesssss. It’s such an amazing combo	0
To be honest having fast food at the White House would be fun	1
Same, I zoomed in, skeptical AF that this could be a painting! Wow!	0
Pretty dangerous for women, too. 40% of cops are domestic abusers. Stay safe. 	5
I'm so glad [NAME] finally got her visa, she's going to do awesome living in the USA!!!!	17
Maaaan, that woman is crazy! And the straightjacket type!	0
The world needs more Attack of the Killer Tomatoes memes.	1
same boat, will also be traveling but im not sure where yet, based in madison wisconsin tho	6
Yeah, because not paying a bill on time is equal to murdering children. 	4
Sorry. This thing knows whats up!	24
I gotta take credit for YouTube because he recommends some sick underground artists but old ones? Never, at least for me	21
I totally read that wrong and was about to shout COLBY 2012	22
I wouldnt necessarily call you and addict but you definetly have unhealthy relationship with MDMA.	10
Not a good couple hours. A full 33 days.	10
Can you guys take the last half? We'll take the 6-2 start, SC gets the 1-7 finish?	7
i miss this show so much	25
Replace OG for [NAME] then, remove the pick, add [NAME] for salary. I love OG but [NAME] worth it	18
Hopefully he will	20
Marginal taxes was taught in my high school economic literacy class, it's so sad that so many people don't even understand the basics of our tax system 	25
[NAME] looks so much better than she did at the premiere. Her lashes aren’t fucked up and the high pony is great.	0
I wanted to slap her when she told him she could have died and it would be his fault.	2
No worries. Apparently he still loves Toronto.	18
ya primetime game, huge comeback and hardens sheer dominance pulling that team was amazing to watch	0
Shut up, why you so stupid!? I'm just kidding	1
[NAME] is a brilliant player. Glad to see him get more time.	0
Don’t you want to raise awareness, you need to do at least one chiro out there who is in need of immediate care).	5
OP got woodshed lmao	1
True, I misread the post and thought it was applying it to on-field performance. My apologies.	24
The greatest out of context quote ever.	0
This architecture will be treasured even more in a couple of generations. We must act now to conserve it. Btw, happy cake day, slaphead.	13
Service Ontario isn't a ministry, and I don't believe you're close friends with the heads of two ministries at all. 	10
Flip him for another 3rd rounder hah	1
Doesn't affect you buddy don't stress over it.	5
The SJW community. I hate it too cause they are the ancestors of the Civil Rights Movement who where absolutely awesome	11
Wow so much younger but he sounds mature	26
Yeah I grew up watching them play in the sand unis. I like it more than the standard road gray.	4
I like [NAME] chicken nuggets.	18
That makes it an extra special accomplishment. Yay!	13
Women are dangerous as hell too.	3
Kill trading is still bad imo but i agree that losing the round was correct	4
Spoken like proud slaughter-bound crotch fruit!	3
I just don’t see why he pushed me leave with him so bad just to dip when I did	3
> mopey?Like Droopy? Ah well maybe	4
I'm beginning to wonder how I lived before without these daily posts.	26
lol why ? they were both garbage when their time was up	1
People are looking at me wondering why I'm laughing at work.	1
That was me a lot before I accepted myself as Trans	22
I’m tryin to make the community better and bring this to peoples attention he’s a filthy cheater	2
I would lol	1
Awesome map!	0
Yeah, however you spell it - I don’t play with them 	10
Discuss equality, be labeled troll. Good bye. I am so disappointed. In humanity.	9
Lol only a snowflake would call that a harassment campaign	1
I only watched the clip someone posted last week, but I found [NAME] funnier.	1
Big thanks dude! This will really help me out	15
Totally forgot that, my bad	12
We occasionally awake from our routines and wonder if we are still alive.	22
Thanks now I’m insecure again	15
Theres no way 88% did that grossness.	10
That's a very interesting theory and it makes sense. How does it gel with the fact that we clearly know the timeline changed?	0
It was like he suddenly realised he couldn't claim that a product both had no effects and beneficial effects at the same time	22
You’re killin me smalls. Hilarious.	1
Good puppy!	0
Thank goodness it's a rare add on in that case xD Thanks for the info! :)	15
I feel so starved for good content that Ill recommend a show just for being watchable	4
I'm happy to go without but if it's readily available then everyday.	17
Where the heck did the water bottle go??	7
He's been amazing tonight	0
Sucks that [NAME] was a straight positive in important minutes and hasn’t seen the floor since..	11
Sometimes this is the hardest thing to deal with. I also am still clinging to a crush with a close friend. Just be honest.	4
Is that at Beachtown?	7
Fuck those people, there's no point thinking about them	2
Gahs that’s so sweet	18
You're a sealion and a leftist troll. Begone, and enjoy your ban.	17
Wow I can't wait to use okcupid to get myself a nerd/loser girlfriend who'll eventually become fat	10
2010 offseason, thought we'd get [NAME], ended up with [NAME] for 100 mil. we still talking about the knicks. fun to dream tho	1
Same boat, sank pretty hard at the worst time.	9
Thought I was...it boomeranged on me and I am suffering immeasurably right now. Thanks and I hope your day was good.	15
i hope this grossed u out ur welcome 😎	20
Thanks for making me laugh my way into a sinus headache.	15
Now i need an island visit and a nice beef dip from the Crown and Gate!	8
Butterfly is cute... it’s the dreds that are gross	0
This is still one of my favorite photos.	18
You make less than zero sense.	3
Looks like you got it bad. How soon till you can get out on your own?	25
Even one second gets you killed against focus fire, especially if you're discorded, which is almost always in this meta. 	3
I like saying the n-word, it makes me happy	17
Never go to the post office. that place is hell. pay commercial plus online and order every material you need.	2
Yeah it was a fun game. :D	17
"LOL ""making"" Nesquick takes exactly 7 seconds"	1
Still saddened by the fact that we never got to see prime [NAME] vs prime [NAME].	25
Do your own research. It’s not my job to educate you.	3
"Adjust your W4. Everyone has to pay taxes, so save it with the ""I have to send a check to the government!"" BS. "	3
Ya well if I have a daughter I hope my husband doesn’t have these excessively weirdo and aberrant aspirations for her. Smh	20
Take a shower brother, i can smell you through my phone	11
Oh yeah I saw that trailer before Aquaman	13
Blooming Villain with Willpower a close second. Heavily emotionally charged songs used at very dangerous events that suit the theme perfectly.	4
I honestly have no clue but I’d also love to have one of those	8
Loved seeing [NAME] play for us, but definitely excited to see what [NAME] can do.	13
Can you even hide the racism anymore or are we throwing all dog whistles in the trash?	7
Oh I didn’t notice the salt before. I’ll leave it out when I made it, thank you!	15
I got your back. I love you ❤️	18
I’ll never do long distance again. Good luck broski.	15
FEAR THE TURTLE	14
oh, okay	4
I'm moving to Dallas soon too, from out of state. lol. Seems like it's the closest/most similar area to home, vibe-wise.	4
You're brilliant.	0
Huh, interesting. Thanks!	15
Cant you just say no when it doesnt feel right? Sleeping in same bed can help heal...after the initial shock is passed.	5
I was never a huge fan of her, but if they replaced [NAME] with her that would be the best thing to ever happen to this show.	0
Wow, the interview with her mom really made that clip.	26
Completely serious here, what do you base that claim off? Like, from experience and talking to people or from a larger scale example?	7
The straw manning in this sub is ludicrous.	1
You crashed and burned but managed to save it. Congrats my guy	13
I like you. Hi.	18
My lawyer is on it and I have been advised to not speak with respects to legal matters until we have things resolved. Thank you for your support.	15
Still going to keep praying and praying.	20
Weird! Also in Winnipeg, no issues. Do you have a VPN?	11
How to get badly injured in a room full of foam.	7
I'm I the only one actually rooting for them to make the playoffs next year, I don't hate them or anything unless we face em	21
As far as i can say, my precious arm came back to me hahahaha I'll be sure to tell about my progress, too! Till next time!	1
thanks for the link, tested here too as INTJ	15
Enjoy the ahuahuasca	17
That’s great! Love this sort of thing. Is that really a prison on the north side of vauxhall bridge? Prime real estate now!	0
Sydney is not for you	10
Happy New year! 🤗	13
Don’t kink shame me!	12
I got you. Here's to something incredible and explosive happening soon.	4
Hope they will, but I doubt some of the dems in dc.	20
OH MY GOOSE! You got my super obscure reference! I literally squealed out loud when I read this comment.	26
Oh. Great	0
Which is a huge shame since it took place at Wrestle Kingdom. Hoping he has a great reign filled with good matches.	20
LMFAO wtf that's great	1
Honestly idk that she ruined a moment, she just changed it so it was a different moment between her and [NAME]	22
Good to know the obsessive thinking is because of them... I’ve felt like it was just me ha. Thank you 🙏	15
I love it, made me smile. Glad he is helping out animal friends!	18
As long as [NAME] isn’t a judge again, we can be optimistic	20
Hahaha, FUCK	1
[NAME] looking like his fucking controller disconnected	2
I’m excited AF. First holiday in four years. Totally cannot afford it but that’s future [NAME] problem.	13
"I don't drink I don't smoke I don't do drugs and yet still am not ""happy rich and all that people say this brings"""	9
I'm sure you do lmfao...	4
as someone who dealt with a burn out/mental break down 4 years ago, /s/ this post makes me feel very optimistic about the future /s/	20
That was so disgusting. VWP	11
Everybody talks about this but I wonder if it increases the chances of prostate cancer. Do you know?	26
trashy comment.	3
Is it barely going to start or did it already happen?	6
:o I have one too! I didn't get anything but bullied at school, though.	25
😡this was a scam	2
That’s not cool	10
I like how she spins away it's too late.	0
So cute!	0
I think I’m in that Facebook group. This should be fun haha. They’ll prob eat you alive.	1
DJ's mocks are always a little off pre combine/FA. I still really like his mocks, this one i just off to me though.	18
You do realize that every cod since cod 4 has had some sort of sbmm right? Like every MP Fps like Battlefield.	22
This is actually awesome.	0
That was awesome. the gross spin by [NAME] and the one legged glider by [NAME]. beautiful	0
Multiply it by hundreds to account for all employees of the store and then yes, it is true Also love how they mock the mentally disabled here. 10/10 /s	18
Oh hey, it is!	13
Bold of you to post [NAME] art on Tenko's BDay. I approve.	4
Noooo I missed the blood moon again. Someone post a pic	10
Well, you stopped coming on CV. Now I am left alone to fend off Agent debaters.	9
I really like the hot pot at Lucky Bamboo. Their dim sum made me sad.	9
If one day I have daughters, I want them to be so badass that these kids! Nice to see them enjoying metal! 	17
It's a lame, timid city on a beautiful harbour.	0
TBH I would definitely wear this with my denim jacket, but I wouldn't buy a huge lathe and carving tools to make it. 	4
We can do this son. You don't want to miss [NAME] win his first Rumble and become the new top guy.	20
Now I’m curious about their respective heights	7
My opinion is that this person's opinion is stupid, fallacious, and bad.	3
It's barely a jumpscare tho, i dont get how this could be startling at all	10
This is just such an obvious troll.	22
You know nothing about this guy... this is a not cool thing to say.	10
I will make it proper! 🔪🔪🔪🔪🔪🔪	8
I'm so jealous of people who have natural red hair. I think it's so unique and pretty.	0
Yeah I really hope nobody was in the back seat of the red car... I hope everyone is okay.	20
Thanks! I'm so keen :)	15
I feel like one day you're in for the shock of your life.	3
This entire discussion is very unnecessary	3
Thanks for sharing. They also have an Amazon wishlist (linked from the comfortcases page) as another way to donate!	15
She’s fab but the reflection of that guy in the window got me curious tho	7
I like how the title contradicts the subreddit it’s posted on.	0
You seem real salty, lol. Enjoy having a 4th grade reading level bruh 	1
Wait, what was [NAME] doing?	7
Is pleading the 5th even legal? I mean, people should be forced to defend themselves even from erroneous claims.	6
Illegal workers have no rights, no recourse to the law in the face of mistreatment. Abusive employers like that.	10
Ahh they're awesome aren't they?!	0
congrats on trying to correct american english with british english, two separate things	15
Thank you for the archived link, I have a NYT paywall .	15
THIS IS NOT HAPPENING!	10
Paid $1.66 in Arlington today....love this	18
Does anyone know where it came from? I like it lol Shaq was big cactus	1
They very clearly state no new accounts can post. Yours is 2 weeks old and low karma.	10
"It's hilarious that he thought you were a woman when you literally have ""man"" in your username. "	1
Thing is...it's the media the masses take in that is driving this anxiety [NAME] or AP reader isn't falling for this	19
Same thing as well! I don't know what is happening.	6
I wonder how fat activism intersects with animal rights tho.	26
I don’t think this fits the sub	10
Totally fair. I would be sad in your situation. :( I hope you find it. You're not wrong to want those things!	25
If my buddy was getting his ass handed to him like this I'd laugh too. Sometimes people just deserve a little ass whoopin.	1
The great nation of Texas (excluding Austin) will rise up and purge these heretics.	4
Does this mean there's no police on the streets or do they have to work with no pay? (I'm not from the US)	7
Aw it’s so nice of OP’s mom to take care of these cubs.	0
If Ww3 breaks out in northern Asia as people expect. It will make things worse for you guys in the states - not better	11
Why him* Having a healthy sex drive isn't a problem.	4
What? The non-vegan burger air particles have clearly infiltrated the once-pure cardboard. It is absolutely NOT vegan >:(	10
You're talking about something complete different there.	6
Free speech is between you and the government. I don't know exactly what Canary Mission is, but I don't think it is the US government.	6
DONT BE NEEDY. TALK TO OTHER GIRLS.	2
No, but now I will	4
I just wanted to play arcade games together.	8
Youre gonna be really disappointed when you hear [NAME] track with the guy from Degrassi	9
This will get us focused and we’ll play hard with a vengeful attitude next couple games	20
It's not cancer edit: It still sucks guys, I get it. I'm just specifying it's not cancer because of the post above me.	4
Normally yeah but that was my friends first match ever and to encounter such a killer, who was running noed too is kinda disheartening for him	25
They’re my favorite. Just little chunkers that can’t fly and just wanna bang.	0
Um congratulations on being a housewife .. Lol?	1
Good things take time.	20
Damn, I fell for the myth. Thanks for pointing it out.	15
Acne scars unfortunately and also out of anxiety I tend to pick at my skin.	19
Oh my [NAME] please no	6
We all love our childbrain president and all the wonderful things he’s doing for ~~white~~ American people.	18
Because he's looking at the love of his life! Oh does he love the person looking at him in that big screen!	7
Wow your metaphor is way better than the similar one I just wrote elsewhere in this thread. I'm going to have to steal it.	0
looks tasty did you all take it home?	7
This is terrifying	14
It's time to cultivate some mass.	20
Doubt that, too good to be true	4
yeah guys, stop complaining about violent mobs and join one!	2
It's too bad they don't use that gorgeous high altar.	9
Yeah. Im not an incel or nothing but I wouldve liked to see that get addressed haha	1
Conservatives love to agree with cryptofacists and pretend all accusations are a smear campaign.	18
His entire speech during the climb was amazing.	0
Mental games. Take a (mental) shot everytime the teacher mispronounces a word,or messes up grammatically	2
I predict one of them is going to be complete garbage and the other one gonna be competent with some critics calling it better than the original.	22
It seems strange to me that [NAME] is still unsigned this close to the season.	26
Nothing is wrong with hugs and love, but most adults need sleep too.	18
Will do!!!! :D Thank you so, so much!!!	15
I don't reveal my sources. Gotta keep my journalistic integrity.	21
TV shows. And occasionally movies. I stopped Interstellar at that stupid love speech. Never finished it.	2
I trust my girlfriend enough where I know she won't do anything of the sort	4
Malevolent as I've ever been, head is spinnin'	11
Every BP within cooeee of me is consistently 5-10 cents a liter higher than other options. Weird.	6
How could you ever get bored of place that is getting more and more enjoyable as you are there	17
That's awesome! It's good to have supportive people like that in your life and around you.	0
I don't have a problem with it if its a cheese or charcuterie board	4
Lol i thought the ratio was 35% or 1/3 of [NAME]. I think u got it wrong But yeh gtfo of bum fuk nowhere	1
I like [NAME] :(	18
Shhhh it's ok	4
If they are suffering immense pain, I doubt watching Endgame is high on their list of priorities	6
Are you hungry?	7
If we just got rid of capitalism, everything would be great! 	0
Maybe it was. I don't really understand what the point you're trying to make here is.	6
Ugh I've had my mirena for a few years. I get none of bleeding and all of the cramps	4
That sucks. Learn to check your ping like everyone else.	2
Thankyou! :)	15
I honestly couldn’t care what you think of me random person on the internet.	3
What’s the backup lol?	1
Why would the family talk about this on camera?	7
Then go in loud. I did that my first playthrough	21
Give him 8/240, ship [NAME] and [NAME] to the Padres in a three-team deal for [NAME]. Boom. I solved the offseason. You're welcome.	17
I thought so too, glad I asked.	17
Yeah yikes I have no idea what happened there .... :(	6
Tell me about it. Talk about evil icecream haha	1
So basically she’ll fall even more for him lol	1
[NAME] queen will live until he is 86 years old. Thts what reverse flash said so its the damn truth	20
Well this has been interesting	0
Not even slightly.	10
That’s actually a great idea. I didn’t even think of that.	0
Always happy to help	17
Hey, me too. Good luck tomorrow 	20
Lets make a new reddit. Everything here is a repost anyways. r/conspiracy is the most fun though. Lets start from scratch.	1
Hopefully [NAME] falls to 6. [NAME] can start the season and when the time is right move on over to the rookie	20
My prince!	18
Sorry for the delay. Nanaimo's a union/mill town, so no surprise the NDP won.	24
"I knew I didn't like this guy when the NPR commentator said ""He's the best option for attorney general right now"""	0
Great for him to admit it. Not many people are that humble	0
Are you an ENTP? That sounds like a pretty ENFP motivation to me. You don't have a flair, so just curious.	7
I was just about to comment this. She might be a wonderful human being, but I have suspicions. 	0
One time at the moment, but I did feel so full of energy after.	13
Damn, I hope that lady unloaded the rest of the bread and cleared out like a fart in the wind before homeslice came back.	20
I wish the federal government would step in to take care of people. It’s overwhelming to care for them on a city or even state level.	8
Me too. I didn't want to promote anybody here but there are way cheaper alternatives with shipping benefits... If you know what I mean.	10
[NAME], too. [NAME] is very guilty of this.	24
Took me long time to figure out there are two dogs.	22
I'll put it into context. I love DBZ. I hated Battle of the Gods + Resurrection of Freeza. I *fucking adore* Super Broly.	18
That is absolutely terrifying to me. Oh my god. The idea that she was trapped as a toddler her entire life is just... wow.	14
Of course there are a lot of people who think feminism and diversity are bad.	4
supernova AOC <3, the lies the media gets away with. Glad someone is talking back with real umph	17
Where the fuck is that Kepner rocks person when we need them the most.	2
Thanks for the warning, I'll probably look into it anyway, but I appreciate you telling me that!	15
I think it's pretty obvious given the significance of how relabeling sugars has been handled.	0
Missed that part, but now I see where you are coming from.	9
Allow me to describe the shock and awe I experienced seeing this: **Fuck no why u do this?**	2
Might get hate for this but I'm reeeeaaaaaally not a fan of [NAME]. I don't know why, but I just don't LIKE her	10
Great defensive hustle! Good job by [NAME] and [NAME]!	0
This was a previously agreed arrangement a week prior. I don’t have unrealistic expectations, I just expect to be included in something that is pre-agreed. 	4
uhh guys love natural beauty in a partner but the random effort is like a cool surprise	18
You did the right thing. You’re not ready to settle down so you stopped wasting her time.	4
She looks late 30s. She’s gorgeous.	0
Dang this is awesome	0
*Samsung Other Android phones don't have Bixby, that's Samsung's BS (and yeah, it's terrible. I have the button / feature completely disabled)	9
I'm just salty man. I hate playing Houston. I'm sure it's a nice place to live.	2
Because it was smh lol	1
Well at least it's your fellow countrymen treating you like shit now and not outsiders. Improvement amirite?	20
None at all. I dont like kids and dont want them. I got a vasectomy and it's a done deal. Zero regrets	2
He is very affectionate in all other aspects. That’s why it bothers me so much, I think 	22
How dare you interrupt the circle jerk. Out, sir.	2
Whatever that means.	3
Less chance of complications and easier to get pregnant in your 20s. Assuming you are mature enough and prepared financially the younger the better!	4
I am sorry human being :(	25
Yeah, just wanted to do it myself. Not gonna though, after the concerted demoralization from commenters. 	4
It's not that bad, I almost got squashed by a drop bear today but it's all good in the hood.	20
very confident !!!!	20
It makes being ugly even more pathetic. All that work just to create suffering.	2
[NAME], someone get her a green card so she can clean rooms at the Super 8 and stop obsessing on social media. 	3
That seems appropriate. The referendum was a Tory idea aimed at solving an internal Tory party issue.	4
>First of All, Nationalism ≠ Protectionsim. Excuse me, yes, it is. Capitalists believe in globalism.	22
Really bad trap if noone falls for it	2
Thank you [NAME]!! I say we should add [NAME] to the team!	15
Adults seem to get more huffy than kids, who do go to school on their birthdays.	3
indeed, but im worried that this matchup will end up as the biggest bait since years and rookie will crush him badly	14
"They're not ""likes"" you fucking moron."	2
I would smash both	2
"I can't stop staring at ""[NAME]"". "	0
Another senseless tragedy.	3
I agree. There's no denying he's handled it pretty badly, though.	4
And yet nobody bat an eyelid when it was [NAME] who was palling around with [NAME]. I wonder why.	26
For a second I didn’t see the t in “stack.” Was wondering how you did that but nvm.	26
Ive done this to a couple of people. It makes me feel really pleased with myself. Just riding in circles around people.	23
Sushi is Japanese	4
You can see the regret in the eyes	24
Yes. Source: still getting paid.	4
Shhh bb it'll be ok	5
[NAME] somehow guides Killie to both 2nd and 3rd place, this frees up an extra relegation spot and Hamilton are finally flushed. 	4
this reminds me of the time when [NAME] bought Bofo lol	1
He’s something of a genius himself.	0
Please point out my fallacious line of reasoning instead of insulting my intelligence. You are an example of a bigot that thinks he is wiser than everyone else.	3
Are you saying he screwed it up?	7
Still annoying.	3
Yeah, fat does that.	4
I think I love you. That pun took my broth away.	18
Congrats man! Which troop are you on?	0
Thank [NAME] for spoilers because if I didn't know any better I would be having a crisis over this Trinity performance for the next week.	15
i love it	18
No, it's because of the misogyny that's often present in the community. 	10
Omg thank you for this Lol and the answer is obvious for [NAME], release Malicious Zangief who can teleport SPD and scowls really REALLY hard.	15
Oh look another shit call	2
Congrats. But that’s a new level of oblivious. Sheesh.	15
oh of course they were playing as nix	4
Aww fuckballs, I thought it was today :( My bad.	9
One of our friends (seen in pic) wanted to make a poster today. I provided the idea, he created this masterpiece.	0
This really is next level	0
Dang ol Mega-Low mart on frye!	13
Glad your a Liberal supporter.	17
What? lol no. I feel bad they have to, but there are legit people who enjoy wearing it to show devotion.	1
I remember when reddit's default subs suddenly turned from [NAME] to [NAME] in a day.	22
Things can be a little bit true, you know. It isn't all or nothing. Do you consider yourself a skeptic, by the way?	7
But it's still raping infantry. The case rounds OHK infantry up close. It's just horrendously weak against planes now...	3
It's actually pretty fun, or it would be if it would run properly...	1
Enchanted - [NAME]😍	18
Well, I hope everything is going well in your retirement. Do your best to enjoy it :).	20
Didn’t locals cry bloody murder about that and get it rejected? I hope the state tell them to pound sand and do it anyway.	20
His mom was a handsome woman!	0
"Astounding. People died. And the church's response is ""Thank [NAME] that the caravan moves on!"""	15
I mean, the whole point of this sub is to complain about not having a plate ...	22
And someone downvoted you for that smh	10
I will kill you all	2
This would be huge!	13
How ignorant of to care about the safety and well-being of others! Shame!	12
"Hence I used ""weird"". I know it's awkward, but it was indoctrinated into us growing up."	3
Honestly I’ve seen kids that age do really gross stuff	11
Thanks for sharing :)	15
Hard to tell	6
Interesting, I’ll have to try it someday 	4
I mean it’s a default subreddit soooo... not really saying much lol	1
Super cool to see	0
Beautiful song and great moment in the story	0
That is really valuable thank you. Supplying stats definitely will help my writing, so thank you for the feedback	15
>You can't purge dissenting opinions over there like you do here. Yes, because top minds definitely doesn't purge dissenting opinions. 	10
He was horrible	11
I haven't been much on this sub recently. Is this a common theme?? If so that's just freaky.	7
That sounds fun. I think I can make it. I have tickets already. I’m excited to see [NAME] play as well.	13
I checked there but thank you!	15
That's true. It's on you if you want to practice respect and kindness for its own sake.	4
Going small here... interesting	7
Hostile ? I disagree.	10
This is exactly as I was suspecting. Thank you for the solid advice. I won't go ahead with the sale .	15
Yeah that last one made me hate her the most for some reason.	2
I’m amazed how anti-government these people are. They have no understanding of what government does. Perhaps they should move to Somalia. No government there.	26
Bengals are a quirky breed 😸	26
Glad to see those refs from the Rams/Saints game landed new jobs in WWE.	15
I can name a favorite verse in the bible, it’s that one yknow, the one with [NAME] and [NAME]!	4
For the sake of football and this sub everyone wants [NAME] to win	8
That's fine I'll still be here calling out your ridiculousness regardless.	3
in the words of [NAME]: As big as you're gonna get, so enjoy it. Had to give you a career to destroy it 	17
I wish [NAME] made the levels up to 100.	8
It's a bit of a saying from [NAME]. What I like to also say is love the person, hate the behaviour	20
It was funny until they started to diss on chick fil a	17
As always I leave reddit slightly more confused than when I came here	6
Confusing yet wholesome A cancer on a cancer that kills all the cancer, so maybe, cancer is the cure to cancer itself!	6
I thought he had a cool [NAME]. Was only slightly disappointed.	9
I'm glad your expectations are low..i am expecting full on knee jerk reactions if the game doesn't go well tonight.	23
[NAME] was the only one I actually liked, besides [NAME].	18
I can see how you feel , THIS DID NOT TEACH A CHILD TO RESPECT ANIMALS and im ashamed and upset honeslty no horse deserved that.	2
This is super old news	0
Wait did he actually do this? Seems like it would be insanely disrespectful to you fellow craftsmen.	9
This franchise has been breaking my heart longer than you've been alive. Awesome.	0
what’d he say?	7
It really do	4
Peeps poisoned our water supply, burned our crops, and delivered a plague unto our houses!	25
Happy Cake Day Ph_Dank! Today is your day. Dance with fairies, ride a unicorn, swim with mermaids, and chase rainbows.	13
I'm happy for you and myself.	17
That is brilliant.	0
It has to get better. Hang in there!	20
Hopefully you're ok now & doing some good stuff	20
My life is complete	17
Good job on 112 bro	0
Pressure 7 targets/10 targets, popcorn, any tracking, and any tile frenzy because I enjoy trying to beat my highscore	17
Sad because you don't get any women?	25
The fact someone could read your post and literally go and do this saddens me.	25
No one is going to create more competition for themselves	10
Genuinely curious, what year do you think we're in right now?	7
It seemed weird to me as well. It's just 10mcg of cyanocobalamin with some fillers like corn starch and celulose.	11
AND THEY ARE REALLY ANNOYING WE MADE FIRST CONTACT 30 YEARS AGO AND THEY'RE STILL SENDING US TERRIBLE MINION MEMES	3
Make sure you get that on video for the lawsuit. Hope she’s ok...	20
Your voice is beautiful, the lyrics are beautiful, you’re beautiful, and I’m crying. AMAZING JOB	0
[NAME] is nowhere close to the worst linebacker in the league.	3
Detroit can be interesting...	13
It was indeed , but holy shit is that cheap and [NAME] :3	3
Is this what people with too much money do?	7
Those are some interesting stats. I’m gonna save your answer so I can remember them for later discussions. Thanks for that.	15
What a fresh and unique criticism!	0
[NAME] does more than [NAME] so I'll have do disagree about that	10
I love Kaep so much for those 2 playoff games alone.	18
Go on. I'd love to hear more about this.	18
The best thing to come out of this result and today’s other games is that 6 point buffer to 5th	0
Still. He didnt have to go after that ball. Thats just his nature though, he doesnt give up. Hope its not very serious. 	20
Nah man you need to have NEGATIVE IQ to enjoy that show, cuz the weed ain't working.	9
[NAME] blew it by putting [NAME] on the WS roster. He was horrible, and he hadn't pitched in weeks.	3
Whatever you do, don't give your virginity to anyone. You will regret it if you give it up cheaply. 	5
I wish climate change could draw crowds like this. If only it were a more pressing issue. /s	8
Hahaha that’s amazing. Good for you	5
the fact that [NAME] still exists is somehow the strangest thing about this	26
I don't think that option in ranked would be a good idea.	10
That’s dope nice job	0
This is honestly amazing.	0
That was honestly my first thought I’m so glad someone else went there too	17
Places such as? Is [NAME] proposing we simply upgrade already existing barriers or build new barriers. And if the latter, where specifically?	6
Yup. Gotta get back in there 😂 Meant to type “habit”, obvs	4
You did so good for yourself though! If you had the mother you deserve she would have the sense to be proud of you. :)	0
I understand your point, but I prefer if we did not consider that.	4
I agree its needs a bit more, due to the 88mm gun, I’ve got the heat T round which really is kinda useless,	4
[NAME] I’m so sorry sweety	24
Who needs Super Bowls?	7
You will need power by it for the bolt to the level where you want to cut a bit easier to avoid getting it on the box!	5
"""This is just unprofessional"" lol"	1
Hey, good to see ya here!	17
I’d say every of those subreddits are freaking out but it’s basically the same people lol	1
"Safeco had these chocolate covered ""fruit kabobs"" that were damn good. "	0
But don't you see it! How dare she show two inches of skin...	2
Never again lol	1
Thank you. I have been watching a lot of porn lately and jerking off more and i think that helps. How are you doing?	15
I don’t get this question as they know full well exactly why I am not married!	6
Wow if ur mom didn’t come back for her card you were a goner crazy	26
Agreed. I don't know what the middle ground is, but it's somewhere between neglect through inaction and traumatic physical overreaction. 	4
You’re an amazingly helpful man. All the rumours about you are false.	0
You are awesome, i envy you	0
I never used the word mean. Chill. I said weak and it is. Its sad aswell.	25
Yeah my kid bought it too at a book fair. $40!!! But it's a pretty damn clever book.	0
Wow, Canada’s yellow vests are way cooler.	0
I skipped the Oilers game for a birthday party for a cat. I’m glad I did that instead.	17
"Yeah that's about what I found. Not that specific page but I got into ""My Profile"" "	13
As I mentioned above I don't have the funds for that right now but as soon as I do I'll definitely be doing that	4
[NAME] buyin?	7
she looks so happy and well rested	17
Yes. Half the posts on this sub are about posing. I think the pose she is pulling is ridiculous too...	3
Oh no, the gig is up. I'm really [NAME]. LOL	17
Sweet mother sweet mother	0
Stay busy with good things, hang in there. Just take it 24 hours at a time. You got this,	5
Too bad we couldn't elect a good leader in 2016...instead we got a bum. Oh well, [NAME] is finished. [NAME] 2020 	3
I just went through and read every single one. This is amazing	0
Water is not a human rights. That's absurd.	3
Sad part is there’s Flames fans that think this is true	9
At the very least our shithousery is better, and I highly doubt there's any [NAME] who can outda the da's on here	6
Why are you sorry for your grandma? She did what she had to do in order to get what she had paid for.	24
I dont like to give out my number before meeting. Maybe phrase it in terms of verbal convo.. eg phone,Skype etc	10
Haha penis.	1
you are fucking amazing. stay strong 💓	0
i feel like [NAME] doesn't fit with the rest	10
Nice job on those renders, they look great	0
You can't just make bold claims like that and provide no evidence.	10
No....no its not. Anyways thanks for being honest. I needed to hear it from someone else.	15
Please concentrate on ignoring that hateful troll	5
lots of games have already added what he's asking for, i don't know why he asked the question 	6
I like my coons too	18
The double standard. Taking pictures of women without their permission is taboo and creepy.	11
It happened in back to back home games earlier this season but hasn’t happened since.	9
Last year was also the first time we drafted a lineman before round three since [NAME], so I think the earlier look at linemen was needed haha	1
If you are following the schedule, your kid got up to 6 in one visit...at 2 months.	5
You are retarded	11
This is the hardest I laughed in weeks	1
A fringe western movement is taking over Canada?	7
Love you too	18
Happy cake, why you have to miss it though? 	7
"FS haha you are some guy. >""Not even the [NAME]"" Purely hyperbolic i imagine ;)"	1
I see... guess it just hasn't reached my little rock yet lol. I'll check it out, do some actual research.	1
It feels weird reading a VICE article talking about itself in the third person.	3
[NAME] was selfish as hell. Stop with the revisionist history bs	10
Ok.... he can *call* it the State of the Union, but that doesn't mean it is.	10
Prove me wrong. Provide a single YouTube link that works! Thanks.	15
That’s gotta hurt.	9
MRW someone asks me what that new annoying app that's always advertising on Youtube is.	3
THANK YOU! I'm back on planet Earth	15
“I have no experience being mean” is probably one of the sweetest things that I have ever heard omg	0
Race idealists are ridiculous.	1
The lines are going to heal straight?	7
You are valued and appreciated	15
Come to Nashville. Love to help with that problem.	5
Thanks for the info, give credit to the artist	15
Well the three games is all we have to go off of, and he was bad.	9
Maybe they mean like older kid free? I'd contact the coordinator and ask them if your baby is okay.	6
"The biggest argument on your side is depreciate costs. You could challenge their concern of ""getting fooled"" by getting the car inspected by an independent."	2
Like who? The one guy stranded in desert already hating his life...	2
Life is Strange is terrible. Absolutely zero gameplay...	14
Thanks for the clarity.	15
Yeah my girlfriend hates it when I joke about her weight. She needs to lighten up too	17
Sorry, I mean that closing the carried interest loophole would raise $18 billion over ten years according to the NY Times. I mistyped.	24
I would do this job for free! /s	4
Get out asap.	2
If there was ever such thing as a tasteful neck beard this is it. Such a beautiful bird	0
Frank's Pizza Bombay Pizza Downtown is also pretty good, a bunch of different flavors. Luigi's Pizza Piola Star Pizza Pi Pizza	0
Everyone is born an atheist. Some gets afflicted with religion usually via their parents.	4
Those are liberal comments, you fucking idiot. Liberals are capitalists.	3
I'm going to start this weekend! thanks for the tips.	15
Reminds me of [NAME] from the documentary THIN who purged food through a feeding tube in her stomach. This sounds dangerous.	14
It's ok to debate and reevaluate scientific things. Really it is. Scientism however is the idiology, religion, that useful idiots and politicians are pushing.	4
Again.. lolz.	1
You're right, I should stop being so worried about other people. Family is forever.	4
I don't care, [NAME] tweets make me uncomfortable and I hate him!!! - Liberals	2
>This is proven if you ever played NBA 2K. Lmfaoooooo	1
Have you read /r/NEET ? You'll find that not all people hate being unemployed - they choose to be unemployed.	7
😂 MIL would never have the self awareness to understand the double meaning but I think it's hilarious	1
This sounds like a tangent from Brows Held High. I like it.	18
Broken. Good and grtting better.	4
oh no	10
Dude theyre in a fuckin hospital. Take them their food.	5
That must smell so good. Oh i want some now.	0
"""Talk about vaccines again and your next shot will be from my gun... of crystals bathed in essential oils"""	2
And I dub thee [NAME]. An uninteresting name for an uninteresting person who has done absolutely nothing with their life.	9
The bonus video you linked is absolutely adorable!	0
Yep, just PC this time, sorry	24
"I read it as ""urinary breast implant"" and was quite confused I must say. "	6
Hate people like this	3
Hey, thanks for clarifying. I was trying to find news online without any luck.	15
Yeah it's like there's no difference between a prostitute or a girl they date except that one is free and has less diseases.	4
Everyone is sad on this sub dont take it personally if you don't get any replies.	25
I told you, I don't like ethnic food!	3
Always remember that when problems get hardcore, Pornshit will be there to Worst them.	9
Keep going sgtsoyboy... we are turning the corner this year and I will personally enjoy bashing another Superbowl-less season for the qweefs this offseason.	13
i gasped. This sucks. He was very very sick and I hope he's at peace.	8
You're welcome. Sometimes we just need a gentle reminder that it's okay to take care of ourselves. You got this.	13
Surprised Colorado ain’t got one the way things have been going here past couple years	26
Sending love! Feel free to update me on progress if it helps! illegitimi non carborundum!	18
No more [NAME] from Georgia. Suck it you old, ugly hag.	11
[NAME] is a gold digger but she’s actually a pretty cool chick	0
[NAME] strange dreams. one life is enough	1
That is by far too strong of a passive	20
Belief as Attire?	7
There's not enough salt in the world for her!	9
Well, supposedly [NAME] wrote TPM in only a couple days, and people hated it.	2
This show has completely gone downhill, can’t believe I waited a month to be disappointed smh	9
> She fucked my bumper up and I will forever hate her And her insurance didn't repair it because???	2
It did have an awesome geocache lol	1
I haven’t seen the episode yet but wow, what a reach.	0
Those ears...those horrible ears	14
the father sending up 4 donuts every morning via stair lift to dtr, before she even comes down to breakfast, wonders if he is enabling her.	26
You're too ugly to even bully	11
Good [NAME], you are right.	4
I love my state sometimes	18
What supplements/brands do you get? I've been looking into it but there are so many options, I don't know where to start!	6
EMAO fats (Eat my ass off)	2
i’m running, hiding & avoiding this man. poor girl. her story is a sad one 	25
Is this legit or just a random house?	6
7-3 is the best thing I've ever done with my life	21
Lol imagine googling “whore” to jack off	1
Cant you just feel the unconditional love <3	18
Who are you referring to?	7
That was one of the most entertaining chalenges though. That and [NAME] slamming the table	1
I, for one, am glad you didn’t. Happy you’re still with us 	17
If you are really so dead set against shoveling sidewalks, perhaps you should move to a warmer climate. 	14
Oh man, I just realized my city taxes are paying for [NAME] nonsense! 	22
Yup. I don't want to soil the paper unless I have something very interesting to write about.	4
Yeah thank you. I think I would want to know exactly what they didn’t like so I know what I can improve on.	15
I know right! I was mad and then blamed myself cause he’s scared of thunder and there was a storm while I was gone.	3
hhhh, lol 	1
> What plans should I use to hide the scent of a decaying body? Can you bottle up his farts? Seriously.	6
Yep, they still have the youth sweatshirts as of a couple days ago. Wish they had adult sizes!	20
Hi! :) Because I am broke, I guess.	25
Dang, dawg. That one shocked me 	26
Best FHE lesson idea ever.	0
What a great response!!	0
I hope my advice helps you. It's worth it. :)	20
Dear [NAME]. What country is this?	6
Oh, I'm dying to know if you noticed any reaction from him!	7
At least he had some good cushioning.	0
Like really when did it become about good or bad sex I thought we were taking about one sided	6
The guy is clearly kidding... not sure how you missed that	6
Sorry about that. I hope the fix is more appropriate. Thank you!	15
Playing hard to get	8
It shouldn’t say that, because it is not single payer 	10
A 70’s Pontiac bonneville , it was a huge boat.	0
YES PLEASE... I thought they did a while back but maybe not. Either way, they should! Very annoying.	3
Annoyed by the people refusing**	3
"Thanks, I'd never heard this information. Only ""humans have the best endurance"""	15
Had my first kiss last month at 22. It does feel great. Good job bro.	0
I apologize if I came across that way, it was not my intention. I meant only to state a fact.	24
They were and will always be the best couple in the show. Team Slexie for life!	0
Have you asked her child?	7
Agreed, rarely get mad at ones like hun or darl. Being called boy by an old man however is infuriating.	2
Pretty much. Him and [NAME] will share ball handling duties. Point Lance and Point Outlaw in the house	0
Impossible. A Milford man shall neither be seen, nor heard. 	10
No way, that was brilliant!	0
I think the unluckiest... is [NAME]. :(	25
Sorry but what map is Adlersbrunn? Edit: Ah nevermind I see (after zooming in, it is the [NAME] map)	24
He remains the only serve bot I enjoy watching.	17
I am really sorry that you are feeling this way. Sending you good vibes and reminding you that you are beautiful.	0
That's Crash Chaos Cats. Same username on other networks.	22
They really need to bring [NAME] son back to do more flashback scenes of young [NAME]. That would be SO GOOD	0
Wow, the video is a lot worse than I thought. His actions after he asks for the age is very uncomfortable. 	26
Awesome. Im pretty jelly rn, im on a t-break for a month. Hope you enjoy. Sending positive vibes brother!!	0
Did you play Origins? I absolutely loved it, I’ve had reservations on getting Odyssey and I missed the sale on Xbox.	7
Thanks. I am. I make some new friends.	15
I’ve been hurt too many times for it all to have been for nothing	25
Now that is a valid opinion unlike your other ones. Unless you didn’t read all of what I said.	4
America is cool	0
They're all so cute~ Here's mine	0
I know, all the comments have me cracking up.	1
Wow I hope TSM keeps this new midlaner they picked up.	20
Because he's in dirt, and probably didn't have much practice 	10
“You”. Netflix. Thank me later. Hang in there <3	15
I’m pretty sure your thinking of [NAME], although I could be wrong	4
Oh and I forgot to say HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!	22
But you do know it, so that's good	0
True but also it's not a dilemma ; if they try something like Tiananmen they will likely die. So not very tempting to try to change things.	10
When [NAME] like “should we have an alien baby” and [NAME] looked SO happy 😂💛	17
I love life, happy new year boys!	18
I guess we're just gonna have to agree to disagree.	20
They are, but they're rarer than winning the lottery on Christmas. That looks so shiny.	0
Easy answer - nobody knows. And knowing my country we will probably leave it to the last possible moment and then have an “oh shit” moment.	4
It's just the reliability of a Honda. But I don't know a whole lot.	6
Which was even more possible 2 years ago. It’s tougher now than it was with a larger republican majority.	22
The mods deleted it I'm sorry	24
Sometimes to do what's right we must give up the thing we want the most... even our dreams.	4
How did he kill u with kobolds btw?i wanna know how this was done.	7
Your welcome. A simple “thank you” would’ve sufficed. Didn’t need the long-winded response. r/ChoosingBeggars	15
Oh god [NAME] has a fucking gun oh fuck	26
Oooo sounds lovely. Armpit hair on “fleek”	18
Alright leaving town now. Thanks again. Taking my mom she’s always wanted to go to a game.	15
Not really haha Young Living announced that they'll be releasing a CBD oil later this month	1
I like taking 450 every 2-3 hours. Not the best hangover, but lots of CEVs and I enjoy the OBEs, floating thru the dark. 	4
I CANT BELIEVE HER WIG STAYED ON WITH ALL THAT CAKE!!!! [NAME] tape really does hold back all, y'all. Alaska who?	26
I couldn't muster up the energy to read through it all. They're on a different level, and it's not a compliment.	10
Someone who wants to drink like half a pint of Jim Beam, that's who!	7
I was just watching the episode last night. So adorable.	0
How poignant.	25
I think I’d take the long view - the good news is that at least she’s not pregnant...	17
We’ve been watching OP for awhile and warned him about his posts. This one doesn’t rise to the level we warned him about.	9
This is love <3	18
I remember being 4 and so excited to help pair the socks after they were dried. Kids love being involved.	13
I think its safe to assume that we're clearly referring to the article and topic at hand.	4
Good. You know which ones you want keep your kids away from	4
Not enough that the median incomes for those without a degree to be close enough to those that did as to not be significant.	10
I'm moving to the UK in 2 weeks. This terrifies me.	14
This literally made my day!	17
10/10. The end had me rolling tho lol. Got me at the right moment.	1
I always thought [NAME] wore the most adorable outfits.	0
I never really hated [NAME], but now I love [NAME]	18
What a useless tool.	2
I agree. Girls digg when you take the lead on this, Just be upfront.	4
I'm so glad you're annoyed.	17
Very true thank you for the insight, this does help as I need to remind myself this is a new relationship and part of our reconciliation.	15
I'm excited for [NAME]/ [NAME] moments. My flair(s)	13
This would be epic.	0
why not get a innovative head coach? and not have your oc poached??	6
This is a new complaint I haven't seen before... I like it.	18
Me too! I got scared that I've been laundry inpaired my whole life and never even realized it!	14
Oh my god.... They used [NAME] voice!	26
Hmmm...I'm sure you were being very reasonable beforehand.	4
Thankyou for correcting me.	15
"Oh damn, that would have been the only correct response! ""Sorry, but I have a boyfriend."" End of conversation."	25
Gives me [NAME] 2005 bad memories.	25
This is fucking hilarious	1
Donteee blowee my coveree lmao I actually like how she talks	0
"""I will not return to those wretched mines!"""	10
I love this sub	18
Very interesting documentary, just shows how devastating one punch can be.	0
Agreed haha.	1
Damn, that's low. 	3
There is nothing gross about being gay. Just means we're different, but we still experience love. Love is not gross.	4
Yeah, they're on whatever the opposite of a roll is today. 	4
Just don’t feel bad. It’s their fault for taking it personally	5
i like memes, I just don't like following rules for making memes.	10
Thank you deeply for these words!	15
If you are at the stage where you want to quit then all you have to do is believe you can quit	20
So... I guess I'm the only one who thought she looked so much nicer after that trip to the salon?	0
[NAME] bless that batch tagger extension	20
Can't tell if bad troll or just ignorant knowitall	6
I feel the same man. Keep going bro!	4
There are millions and millions of girls in the world. You will find someone better, trust me	20
Yeah maybe shutting down all those barracks near the border wasn't a great idea.	10
Not as excited anymore about having the most difficult second half in the NHL...	9
I mean, it was season two level of “what the fuck are you doing writers?!”	2
I frequently have issues with these large temperature swing but it has to due with allergy pollen activation.	3
lmao yes, my reasoned, supported response to your unfounded criticism is most certainly an example of one of the points the hack artist tried to assert	3
I can't remember a time during my early childhood where I didn't dress up like my mom and almost break my little ankles in her heels	25
Yeah that happened to me twice a month for years with an ex. Maybe someday we’ll do it 😅	20
That wasn’t part of my plan	10
That's forward heavy punch right? Sorry I'm pretty new to SF	7
It's amazingly fun even after all these years. Aged terribly graphics-wise though.	0
My favorite parody in fact.	18
So just tell me I dont want to go look, was the video cut/edited? Or is it RAW? I MUST KNOW!	6
People still do? I thought everyone realized how overpaid he is	6
You don't need to escape to have fun, if you want to win just get some friends to play with.	17
This is funny though.	1
Men find that attractive because it's distinctly feminine. Well, let me add, women who love women love it for the same reason. 	18
I guess that depends on the department. If you've racked up a ton of vacay time, it's possible for some cops to smoke weed lol.	1
Hey, it's good of you to do this, she may be sad but in the end it will be better for her. Proud of you!	0
"I hate it when the suits call our oncology program a ""service line"""	2
Pff sticking the bumper back on isn’t a massive task, I’d call it a win 	10
I’m sure someone in the lions thread already posted something similar. They love shitposts haha.	1
sorry fam, but this is a repost on this sub as well.	24
I thought [NAME] trained her after the boxing was over?	6
Omfg. I haven’t seen this one before, and I’m in tears! Thank you! 	15
Deflections don't help your cause.	10
I was impressed by your company in the initial post, but now I see they tried to fire you for their mistake. Glad you had some backing!	22
Carlton back to back wooden spooners. Champions of the bottom.. :)	0
Nope. Not how things are done around here.	10
It pains me to see [NAME] used in this abhorrent meme	25
That sounds like a legitimate reason. However she still gave herself a reason to say [NAME] constantly...	4
I know, this weekend was absolute worse case scenario 	9
Yeah no.	10
Hey, thank you, I hope your issue has resolved also :)	15
Why would removing a star make it rainy? Without solar radiation and heat, how would water evaporate to form rain clouds?	7
Anyone who needs to get off, please use the Ashton Taper. Message for support, I’m here. 	5
Yes please go get tested even if you don’t have any symptoms.	4
[NAME] fuck my brain hurts, way to early for this shit. Sorry in advance if English is a 2nd language 	3
these people are holding our country back. Im happy natural selection is taking its course.	17
Fuck taking the high road. If I’m [NAME] I’m blasting the officials when I speak to the media.	2
I don't know how long I should wait or if its even a good idea. Im so co nfused	6
When I was a kid I had the biggest crush on [NAME] from Footballer's Wives. She's hard as hell now.	18
Well I guess that solves it.... For you. I'll keep trying to make sense out of the evidence since you fail.	4
I really like [NAME] and [NAME] on the court together	18
Thanks, that makes a lot of sense. I feel better already :)	15
You’re not alone OP. Stay strong. It’s rough now but everything will be back to normal soon.	5
Then I would just be like you owe me two sodas	20
Cool. I wish I could come to anarchopulco this year. Have fun.	20
I thought that said affordable, and i was really concerned	5
Maybe slw the fuck down eh	3
That's when you slow down and engage troll mode :))	1
My brah, [NAME] on the line up! Fuck yeah!	13
> But my god, that fucking face. Never mind her, what about him further down.	2
These 2 are repulsive little kids	4
lol INTJs may be less smart sometimes (definitely not always) but they know how to actually use their intelligence	1
As far as I'm concerned, [NAME] run for the WH ended with this twisted ankle.	5
Calm down. It's a real concept.	5
Yes, this at least makes sense. 	4
This shit had me howling, which I can't say happens too often. Didn't expect to see comedic gold in that sub.	2
What is that black stuff running along the tub and into it?	7
I love this game already	18
We have a builder in the White House - build a dormatory. Wouldn't want to be an RA there lol.	1
Need chemicals. Love it.	18
I didn't know operation was a failure to be honest lol just knew what it was	10
Yes but they deliberately ignore what the Bible says and give their pagan traditions more authority than they do to [NAME] Word the Bible.	4
No clue, all I know is that Shia [NAME] hit themselves for some reason 	6
You have nothing to feel bad about. It sounds like he needs to grow up and start paying his way.	5
Bridge trolls people, people trolls back the bridge, not sure what's happening now	6
Bioavailability is poor without an emulsifier, this is not a practical method of administration.	10
Could be worse, could be funky town	3
No worries. We just like to make sure everyone is safe and has a voice.	5
O no shes gonna go after mandy	9
Damn I wish I we're friends with [NAME]. I could use 197k	8
Thank you for saying so! I have loads more where that came from on my soundcloud.	15
Whoa this is really creepy	11
No, stop! He'll stop cranking the job machine if you insult him again!	2
So when a 22 week old infant is born premature, does that thing near worthless morally?	7
Their mere presence is all it takes, but being outgoing, gregarious or charming is icing on the cake.	0
Is that you? I love it.	18
No no, you don't thank a bot you say good bot Also happy cake day	10
I love the neck movement at the end 😂	18
What episode is this. You know, for a friend...	7
Normally don't like telling people the value of their opinion, but this opinion... Is 100% correct carry on 	4
She looked the wrong way on a one way street. How are you that stupid.	2
Thanks. I will come to you with all of my apple-related questions!	15
thanks man.	15
Sure. The subject of her video was certainly creepy and obnoxious.	4
Lmao your posts are always good for an eye roll	0
Oh no I was laughing at that master trolling. that's like 20 years of buildup	1
Your mental health matters the most. You can't help him more than you do, but you can help yourself. 	5
Thank you for sharing your experience. It adds much needed hope.	15
Awesome! Just got to see this sunrise from the air flying to SEA this morning :)	0
It looks cool, but I’m really hoping they open up a non-permadeath server and allow transfers.	20
Did that with an oven pizza at 3am in my underwear. Got burns all over my stomach	25
... Still laughed!	17
Yes please. Take the cheeto too, fuck it.	2
I’m hoping! She wasn’t bad at all in this episode!	20
Why do you guys hate [NAME]? I’m neutral leaning slightly positive on him. Just curious why the strong negative opinion?	7
Just change in the stall. I used to do it. No one will say anything to you about it it's normal	4
I hope mcd's charged extra for the sauce.	8
My opponent froze the timer, my match was only 1 second! Also ty.	15
I still wish if we get a deeper face customization like in RPGs.	8
I love having an airhorn that double as an oh shit handle. Safe hands, loud horn!	18
Gotta love how these are mostly done at churches, no separation there.	18
Wow yes, that is a perfect way to describe it.	4
Yes he knew the child was his. I was living with him the entire time and we were constantly together.	4
> us common peasant imbecile [NAME]. At least you admit it.	3
Simon's or the bay. [NAME] makes some merino ones that are unbelievable. They are not cheap though.	26
the fucking buffet part killed me, i always considered myself good at roasting but damn bro lmaoo	2
I loved [NAME]. She was too fine. [NAME] and [NAME] too. S1 babes were the best.	18
May i have joke I can't find it	1
Oh baby a triple!	26
It boggles my mind every day how easily conspiracy theorist stuck their flag in Trumpland.	26
This doesn’t sound very constructive so I’m going to move along but thanks for taking the time to respond.	15
His interviews are so awkward	12
I feel like she’s going to defect sometime between now and when the baby is 6 months old... I hope she sees the light! 💛	20
Twice in that article he implies these minority communities aren't ordinary [NAME]. It's disgusting.	11
Stupid Sexy [NAME]	3
Pleasure. I hope you find the virtues you are seeking in life my friend.	5
You can always view afterwards, no confidential votes in Parliament.	4
Yes I am. Not sure other than to give me your best answer. Yes, walking in your moccasins is my goal. Thank you.	15
Yes! I love her laugh so much	18
You don't look at accidents on the road? Yeah, I don't believe you.	3
Happy Birthday I hope this means anything, the little things matter sometimes.	17
I definitely rushed it. What do you think I missed?	7
If it makes you feel better im gonna be scrubbing out hard for a while so maybe ill see you round to give me another loss	25
Oooooow check it out, HIRED guy. *fist bump*	13
Makes sense but honestly the FO needs to accept they drafted wrong and just trade for DSJ for the sake of the team	8
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **8th Cakeday** jama211! ^(hug)	17
isn't a different model for [NAME]?	6
Thanks for confirming ☺!	15
Thanks,keep us posted if you will please.	15
You are not wrong. I have learned about myself alot while on drugs. Sometimes it's scarry when i find out how limited my mind is.	14
Me . Switched to badminton meantime.	4
Exactly. Nothing but a burden at first, but our boy knows how to fight now.	4
That’s no ordinary rabbit!	22
This is brilliant	0
I remember being a kid and everything I did was haraam like even looking at people was haraam :/	22
I'm good. Happy with my boyfriend.	0
Awesome ! That will be worth multitudes one day for certain. And such a classy gentleman, [NAME] is the best in NHL	0
The fact that [NAME] was not mentioned in this thread confuses and upsets me.	9
This was going on for like half an hour. He was drunk and causing trouble, so the tram drivers warned each other not to let him up.	4
that looks like a nightmare.	14
I haven't heard that name in SO LONG. They had this GBA game that was one of my favorite games of all time!	17
I think that's how the game will end. With [NAME] talking to [NAME] again. Don't know if I'm prepared for that	6
This is truly the most captivating trilogy I’ve ever read. Eager to read the third story.	0
Hey thanks!	15
Could not agree more!!	10
I think my mom is similar but I feel like I make things worse by trying to explain myself.	22
If you can spend more time insulting me than insulting my ideas, then someone else here is dumb.	3
Hahaha the build up is hilarious and the ending is the best. They really think he is badass	1
2017's sky high fees proved that this tech fails on a large scale. It's a disappointing reality.	9
That’s beyond disgusting in every way.	11
That’s not the period it’s referring to	10
Please come and visit again soon! Have a safe flight!	5
Two twin mattress on the floor of my room pushed together. Luckily one of us has a particular love for the middle.	18
[NAME] sure saved that one from swirling down the toilet. Thank you [NAME].	15
No. Spend all of it ASAP. Spend the evidence so you can get rid of it quickly and safely while also still being able to buy shit!	5
Doesn't explain why Tech only has 2 attempts, been driving the entire half.	7
Never thought of that. Now i dislike Heaven more than before.	9
They’re honestly a cult at this point. It’s not just sad, but incredibly scary.	14
>Why are you so worried about my comments when you live in Wisconsin ...what?	6
I'm still rocking my Pebble 2SE.	4
It's not murder if he wants to die, it's euthanasia. She doesn't necessarily have to be the one to do it. 	22
I'm loving his new mask. Looking like a snack over there 😍🤤	18
It’s interesting that [NAME] is often the only little kid credited with being the one to desegregate schools in New Orleans.	0
The next step in human evolution is for humanity to end. Life isn't worth preserving.	3
Sorry bb :( I understand that feeling all too well, haha	24
Really seemed like a great guy :(	0
Thats pretty lewd.	11
It's hard for me to switch between english and spanish in the same sentence, sorry I'll try to improve in the future	25
Losing my Origin account? Oh no, how else will I play thousands of other non-shitty EA games now?	9
I love [NAME]	18
Mine is when my husband says our daughter’s emphysema is acting up. No, husband. Her eczema is. 	10
It involves a relationship with a girl so I need a girls input, sorry I’m not sexist or anything.	24
What mental illness am I displaying?	6
Day 2 Feels good, man!	23
True despair.	9
The fact that this being brought up makes it a real scary feeling.	14
No questions are ever stupid. Glad you learned to be a nice person.	0
I live in America and wish I could support them but they're on the wrong coast.	8
This looks more like 1954.	4
Oh yes! Here's an Imgur link to the first three I saw.	13
Thanks for the suggestion, I’ll definitely have to hit that up once it gets a little warmer!	15
Get one. I love mine.	18
Thanks, I posted a new one with the source 	15
Got it, looks like they're in my vicinity. Will keep this on hand- much appreciated.	0
Lol. My gamer tag is the same as on here if you ever want to squad up and play man	1
Go cry somewhere else please.	3
Sometimes it even feels pathetic which I know I should be trying not to be so hard on myself but, yknow, evidence is hard to ignore	25
My day gets better every time a poser is exposed, so thank you. Think of your own content and people will respect you more.	15
It's beautiful. I would eat it with gusto. Do something more shitty in the future	0
Brew bus in the Tampa area?	7
Thanks for the laugh lol	15
Don't be angry. Encountering toxic people in online games is common and you won't change that. Try playing single-player or games with more sophisticated community	5
An attractive woman falling down and exposing her butt. It's weird that he'd go so 0 to 60 on such a thing.	11
Too slow, I already found it ;) It is a great ad though.	0
Yes get [NAME] almost all the way the fuck out of here.	2
So we are really going to miss the playoffs in the same season as the 10 game win streak... THEY ARE WHO WE THOUGHT THEY WERE !	9
"""Sign our petition to make Qwandor the dragon a male! There are already enough girl characters. We don't need a third!"""	10
I was a little pissed off until I watched this loop 6 times. Now I'm happy! Weee!	17
Doesn't work for a newspaper. I was just laughing because I said to him that I could see that happening. Opened reddit and saw your post.	1
why thank you!	15
[NAME] IS ABOUT TO BLOW THIS GAME UP! Edit: wow thanks for the silver	15
i hope i can go my way to my fullest potential one day^^	20
Must’ve gotten it the wrong way round because he moves like a spry 82 yr old	22
What media is this scene from?	7
This, this is brilliant	0
What are you talking about, there was an update this week. And even then 3 weeks is not enough for a huge update	6
I’ll see you there. I laughed out loud at this one too. RIP.	1
Sending you love ❤️	18
Make a change make it small and manageable. Go for a walk. Smile at people.	5
Am I getting old or is that just really dumb?	6
I highly doubt they would do that in CA. That would put prices at 36$/pack and no one is going to pay 9$/pod.	10
Fucking refs suck my balls.	2
Bump stocks too I guess, I can't imagine why he actually did that though, perhaps his advisors told him to do it to pander	9
Lmao do you just watch for the gameplay? Wow idiot. There's more to Youtube than gameplay. F***. Off.	1
I like it	18
But then they couldn't be a self-martyring, violent tankie and that's not as much fun.	10
if its not for [NAME] i will combust into flames and I will die	20
Meh, it’s “next man up” over there. I’ll be worried when they stop making it to the playoffs. 	19
That was the first thing we tried and we could not get it to work.	9
Aw thanks for the hug, and yeah he did sound like a jerk. 	15
I definitely expected unwatchable pro-life drama and was quite delighted	17
Thanks! Life often ends up being the most beautiful when you least expect it :)	15
That's honestly what I thought too!!	4
What an obnoxious, drunk girl. 	11
It wasn't an intelligent comment to begin with why would I take it seriously? Though I guess those 28 people did.	6
Think its time you let your butterfly self out, dear....	5
Haha, I wish, but not happening	8
Who da fuck wears swim trunks to a competition	2
These are some of the lamest threatening letters I’ve ever seen. She’s a metahuman who can you murder people with her voice.	14
Oh, I felt that despondency at the end there. Poor guy. 	9
Glad you're rid of me? Pretty obviously breaking the sub rules there.	9
Due to work, gotta stay legal. Edibles aren’t legal yet sadly. Fortunately not taking it for cancer though, just pain.	25
What shouldn’t be lifetime? :)	7
As someone who live less than a hour where she’s from, it’s definitely fabricated/exaggerated.	4
This is such a cool idea. Basically an abathur that hats minions instead of heroes.	0
Sold out. Sorry my dude!	25
Idk I felt like that until I got diagnosed with a chronic autoimmune disease.	6
But the right to not have your property taken away from you is a right.	4
You’re dehydrated and exausted, drink lots of water and maybe get some sleep. You’ll feel better eventually.	23
For extra measure tape it right by your crotch so she can't take it for sexual assault reasons	5
Haha oops **amiodarone. This is why we need safety checks for drug orders. ;)	1
So, [NAME] was also paying to allow her to eat healthier. Let’s look at the bright side! 	4
He appeals to the conversation. Basically doesn’t have a firm stance on anything of much importance and will flip flop based on his guest.	10
What an immature response. With a little passive agressive racism to boot. Classy.	2
Levels mate. Absolutely obsessed with our dominance.	25
As a fellow artists and raised by an N I just want to say congrats.	15
Luv ya too buddy 😝	18
Great tips thank you!	15
Shame. CLG [NAME] could've been a thing.	12
Yeah, you're getting points. Bring your insurance documents as well just to save yourself the trip back. They will ask for them.	5
This is so sad. #playdespacito	25
Thanks! Been clipping her for awhile now, I think I’m going to stick with her 	15
Without the stupid caption this is kinda funny	1
You can talk to me. It'll be good having someone nice around.	5
I know 😢 it’s one of my life’s goals to see a moose in real life despite how terrified I will be lol!!	14
we legally can't do that now mr. [NAME]	10
Yes. One of her fingers is getting a sore on it and there’s concern it may push her into needing braces.	5
I grew up there!! Moved away 20 years ago but still my home. Hope you're having fun .	20
That's not really a solid method.	10
Miss you...	25
Meant to post in r/Photoshop . There are more people online on r/Advice , though. Thanks for reminding me. Can you help me with my problem?	15
Do communists believe in private property?	6
[NAME] is amazing how dare you	2
I want to see him succeed. Mostly because his last name makes me think of the bad guy from Shrek	5
I just want to say once you take action, stay safe!! Good luck. It’s the best to leave. 	20
Can't wait	13
We got Munchak guys!	13
Now my mental image is narrowed down to a big imposing woman or a spidery woman that scares me just to be around.	14
Genius. I'm so doing this	0
I am so glad they didn't have this attendance in my day, skipping class would be impossible.	17
Welcome to the party, pal!	13
Not even getting my hopes up at all. Story of our life- Padres fan.	10
[NAME] sent her! She had to thank him publicly for this outlay!!!	15
I remember going to the US for the first time as a kid and being utterly fascinated by the cycle of lawyer/prescription drug commercials	4
What a manipulative, child of a man. Jeez, grow up.	3
Tf happened to him? You just said thanks LOL	15
Hope he enjoys the ticket he is going to get.	20
His other book was interesting, The Age of EM	0
What the FRICK	2
Pretty fucking brutal when your starting front court is 0-10 from the field. Whatever. I figured we would split this back to back anyway. Good game for our big 3.	0
I’m actually suprised they all didn’t follow him and now they all have to repeat junior year.	26
Joseph Vincent is the goat when it comes to highlights, I’m so happy he made a Saquads video	17
Doesnt have insane standards or anything. I don't see what's wrong?	7
Thanks, man!	15
I was raised solo parent so it was more of an angry hushed whisper when they thought I was in the other room.	2
I've been twice and both locations had a serious bee problem.	3
It wouldnt. Legalization would drive consumers towards legal vendors.	10
Okay that was funny lol	17
i love this	18
You're not, because I don't either. But I can still search Twitter. You know what else I found? Your evidence was deleted.	10
Welcome. By the way, so hyped for our game in September. DKR is gonna be rockin!	0
I don't like this gif and that makes me a [NAME] supporter? My argument has not once brought him up. You are an insidious liar.	10
Those are the [NAME], they sing backup for [NAME]. They’re awesome!	0
ESPN and sports is not a good combination.	10
I hope that's real lol	1
I'd hardly call them innocent if they're reveling in the thought of more mass shootings. People like that deserve worse, quite frankly.	2
Wow dan I like being up at 4am....	18
A girl has grown up a lot since she was a 12 year old on the show, and she's grown up to be so beautiful as well.	0
"I agree, but people always respond with ""muh eugenics! Literally [NAME]! Human rights!"""	4
Thanks, but to my mind, I had no choice. My marriage is everything to me. 	15
Indian/East Asian?	6
Hey good news it works! I'd shove it in your ass and show you :)	1
That face too. Everything was perfect.	0
It wasnt a terrible idea until [NAME] got injured and [NAME] got complacent	9
I FUCKING WIN	13
came in here ready to congratulate myself for the hot take of voting for [NAME] over [NAME] before realising that I didn't see [NAME]	0
Sounds sweet man, nice memory to have!	0
Nah axe is ok	4
Thank you! It really means a lot to me	15
##EVEN IF YOU DONT WANT TO WATCH IT, GO TO 40:20 AND WATCH FOR 20 SECONDS, I SWEAR TO FUCKING [NAME] YOU WILL LOVE IT	0
I disagree with all of what you just said but I am in the same booooaaaaat.	10
we were frauded the whole time about how pure she is. turns out she's actually trash.	9
Still pretty embarrasing though :p	12
And that is simply why it is (or was) illegal. And why it was classified as a class 1 danger. MONEY.	22
what time is it now? i’m definitely in a different time zone	6
I mean it’s kind of weird that they miss that part we’re the Bible acknowledges other gods for selfish reasons	3
True. Guys who are legitimately ugly (a facial deformity) don't even have the chance to make an impression.	4
She should be FIRED	2
YES!!!!	4
Cannibalistic Humanoid Underground Dwellers... I never saw the movie, myself. I thought it looked pretty stupid.	10
Broooooo Just cause I can use my PC to play Earthbound doesn’t mean I don’t want it on my TV	4
no no no you don’t understand! personal responsibility means nothing! it’s all [NAME] fault! /s	10
This is the word or at least Attitude of King. No problems man.. and have a poor grasp of the statement honestly.	20
Im not looking to be forgiven lol. I still stand by what i said. Pll only read half my comment and ran with it	1
I used to when i was younger, but then i got old and started caring about conserving water. 	5
He has a youtube: Great watch.	0
I feel sorry for him. He gotta be an awkward guy who has no friends.	25
STOP GETTING BEAT WHEN YOU HAVE THE ADVANTAGE!	4
Oh yeah its that other chick who looked way to young to be in highschool	26
Thank you. If im not authorized to pickup from daycare tomorrow ill get my daughter friday with this court order and the police if necessary.	15
yeah great idea, get buffed like an animal then shoot bricks in game	0
She looks pretty big to me. I doubt she’s within a healthy weight range.	0
Damn ive been hard on brown but he's been looking like 15-16 [NAME] this game	9
It took a surprisingly long time for this to be seen by me on this sub.	26
Wow dude.. *furious notetaking* ..*any* kid??	7
Hey I'm from Htown too! What bar did you used to work so I know to stay away? Haha congrats on leaving!	1
What’s the clip from? I’m scared to put “teen boy good kisser 900 number” into YouTube	14
And a happy holiday to you.	13
Really hoping this is a smokescreen and we just go BPA then take Fromm next year	20
I just want to point at that yes, fuck [NAME], yes he's subhuman, but that tattoo is not of [NAME]. lol	1
"I hope he runs so he can lose decisively and we can get rid of this ""should have been him"" crap"	20
Sweet seats! You're lucky to have been there!	0
I love the way he looks at them to see if he should keep panting.	0
It was a wild circus for a few years here, lol	1
Their Core album is. Literally the 1st genre listed on Wikipedia is grunge lol	1
So [NAME] doesn't do the social media anymore? Is the NSP stuff enough without a GG salary now?	6
damn thats good	0
This is hilarious! Please share if she tells us what she thinks the difference is.	1
$42,000 fine over a JOKE is unreasonable. 	10
I am usually quiet in those situations, but I will occasionally throw in a joke to get everyone laughing.	1
Oh wow. Gotta visit it one day.	13
No. No it isn't. Its a bad sitcom joke.	10
You think 60% is shafting anyone? I think Tellius is sub 20%.	6
I love that fray. I wonder how he got it.	18
That's not what I've heard ;)	10
Thank you for an informative answer	15
I'll do these changes. Thanks!	15
Can’t hold this against Tennessee. [NAME] just won’t miss. I’m impressed that Tennessee has stayed in it.	0
this is my worst fear	14
is there any specific reason it can't be kept in Perth? the donations page doesn't give away much	7
There's having fun and being a hoe, OP seem to assume what she is, so ni worries for her. 	17
Then I would greatly appreciate a concise yet informative rebuttal on what I have wrong, Doctor.	0
Lol thankfully you guys only had a pedophile as 27th and 31st Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Alabama.	1
Obvious satire lol	1
I’m here,it’s tough but I’m here.	5
I love her	18
The Young turds are especially bad and they’re not even sly about it either.	10
Lol still makes me laugh	1
Yeah, it is for the organizers	4
Who will rid me of these meddlesome Golden Knights?	3
I really don't think healthy people with no other emotional issues regret having their kids.	25
I love that this gets light. Keep talking. Especially AOC. Don't stop.	18
Not quite sure what was really dickish about my comment aside from the seems fair part.	6
Love the Chappelle Show reference by [NAME] at the end there.	18
I believe my wife will laugh at this, i'm gonna try it tonight!	1
This is adorable.	0
Last year preseason was in December, but the season started in January. I expect pre-season to occur some time during the second half of this month.	8
[NAME] has had a great game so far. Really promising.	0
If [NAME] wins, we won't see him until WrestleMania lol.	1
Yeah its confusing why this gets me out of sorts so much	6
I'm not looking for pity or sorrow. Thanks for your input.	15
"Who are real ""[NAME]?"" Be specific which, denomination is the one true denomination?"	7
This question is kind of funny because it’s one of the main points of argument between the sides...	1
Haven't noticed this comment before but, fcking [NAME], [NAME] really has become a household name hasn't she...?	3
Thank you, I have received help already. 	15
thank you for the laugh	15
I think the dog is mostly worried about being fed and let outside when the last of the humans stop coming home.	5
Thanks for the info	15
It’s the comment about smelling her that makes it pure cringe.	14
This is the first time I'm seeing this. This definitely what I would call toxic masculinity.	4
Do these Salinas officers not realize that no-shave November is over?	7
[NAME] is POG indeed. I was kinda hoping to see him join Paris Academy team though.	20
I'd love a 2D animated [NAME] trilogy. You can really go wild with animation and wild is exactly how I'd describe [NAME].	18
I love how she literally held [NAME] back, a few times. They’re adorable. 	18
Thanks for the sharing your information.	15
Please just give [NAME] some rest. He looks tired.	5
Something tells me no!! Lol.	1
You're very welcome, and I hope it's the hardest thing you ever have to do--meaning I hope it's all downhill from here. 	20
Thank you for your concern fellow conservative	15
Good god there’s so many cheapskates here trying to justify it by insulting me! Pretty funny tbh	1
Last time i knew stealing posts from other people wasnt a rule	3
As someone who's been trying to break the bad eating habits, I feel you.	4
Lol, good luck with that, kid.	1
That was a hell of a tip, that happens	2
Sorry, didnt realize. Anyway an r/woooosh so...	24
An hour ago I was not but when I saw this comment I was in the kitchen looking at my phone lol	1
I can't help it! These stories make me REEEEEEEEEEEE so hard!!!! Kidding :)	1
I feel you, mama. I hope tomorrow is a better day.	20
Me too! They were half off at the grocery store and people love ‘em.	18
Was gonna hit you with the /r/gatekeeping for that elitist mentality, but you recognized your errors. Props. 	22
Trolling cat lovers used to be funny, 24 years ago.	17
Thanks for reminding me of her response video, that was gold	15
What country? That sounds like a sad septic system. I'm sorry.	24
Thanks bot, I was and plan to have a great day despite this negativity in this comment section.	15
Lol that’s great. Grew up in north jersey and had the opposite experience	0
Haven’t forgotten, but let’s get his ridiculous defense up to par. 	3
Women aren't smart enough to see an intellectual kino du art like [NAME] multiple times	4
I’m surprised she didn’t name him Allesandrostien	26
. The only thing that matters is that [NAME] was murdered and those responsible must pay.	25
I love how they added a camouflage hat on the australian dude for no reason at all	18
You mean you love their meat right? You dont love chickens.	7
Clearly not or you wouldn't have fallen for Leftist propaganda.	20
Imagine if [NAME] wins the power and uses it at the noms, not realizing [NAME] wasn't even planning on nominating her lol	1
>Teamates lap ruin Omg nothing makes me so angry same as running towards the hook or gen with the killer behind. Run somewhere else!	2
It will be painful but it will be worth it! Good Luck, and may you never be a slave to a drug again !	5
Good job [NAME]!	0
I'll have to start paying attention to the Diamondbacks now. Hope he does well out there!	20
That guy who melodramatically dances around playing horribly soppy poppy chord progressions over and over and does a cringy dance that makes me want to kill things?	6
"Why does your flair say ""Wasted Energy""? "	7
Nah she's just a dull asari doctor, with a pleasing voice.	10
Well I will get to your disagreements. However you maybe the last FIFO worker that exists in Alberta, however, don't take it for granted. 	10
Congrats! You inspire me to try my best too!	15
What exactly do you personally think that meme is saying, please point back to the meme for each argument you make. 	7
I'm sorry to hear that! But thank you for sharing I imagine several years of not seeing someone you care about would be draining!	15
I don't believe it is. like other posters have said, you can do better. I know it's hard but you are strong. 	20
"Without Googling it? Are you kidding? (Please don't look up ""kidding"" in the dictionary.)"	3
I love [NAME] but he seems to enjoy deleting his videos after a while :(	18
Oh man, I didn't expect that: It kept rolling on his face!	9
Miner rewards are being reduced from 3 to 2 ETH per block. Why would that indicate a sell off?	7
Good trade yesterday and happy with the front office, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaand it’s gone 	0
No. That’s an actually pot plant. You have to do some extra work to keep it blooming each year.	10
As the global wealth concentrates into fewer and fewer hands, I for one, welcome our neo-feudalist world order. 	4
Holy shit this speaks to me.	26
lol [NAME].	1
Thanks for the share!	15
He starts mildly enough with a pucker... then when she *backs away* he opens his mouth and goes further. Seriously - what kind of idiot is that guy?	3
I think that making someone an approved submitter might get around that. Not 100% sure though.	4
Oh [NAME] this is going to garner such hate hahaha	1
Oh dear [NAME]!	26
Misread. I’m with you my dude.	5
Trolls are not even trying anymore. Im offended by this half arsed attempt to get a rise out of me..	3
This idea is brilliant.	0
Well hes asking is it possible and the answer is that it is possible to be honest.	4
You win the Internet today. Fuck all the other winners. You’re the real one.	0
It’s nice to look at the comments and see other people who don’t like this.	0
That's a good idea! Unfortunately don't have a vehicle big enough, so I'll have to hire someone with a truck.	4
"I'm a bit late. What's the ""AAAAAH FUCKING WATER"" reference?"	3
Search your feelings, you know it to be true	4
Agreed. Everything she did was bad. She didn't anything good at all. Edit: Grammar.	2
Damn that is impressive. Can we draft an entire o-line from them?	0
The books are pretty cool. They even get into the nerdier science side of being able to teleport.	0
This person shouldn't be allowed to drive ever again.	3
Game day activities would be my guess. Not positive though.	10
I still can't believe [NAME] actually gonna be in Smash.	26
I love every bulge, scar, stretch mark and jiggle. Every single one tells a story I want to hear.	18
damn, congratulation 🤣	13
it's not up to the drivers, its up to the owner. Owner doesn't have to drive in the ice.	4
It always upset me that [NAME] would require his only son to do this I no longer believe it	9
I understand this keeps many dairies afloat (source neighbourhood dairy guy, so not 100 per cent sure it’s accurate). 	22
Drugs are a hell of a drug...	2
Love you, [NAME]	18
Don't go pushing your shame on others. I pull my weight my dude.	3
Thanks for not answering my question. :)	15
"The only ""pro choice"" I like is pro choice of guns! Another LIBERAL trolled epic style"	18
He drinks all coffee with cream. We already know he’s not above disgusting liquids.	11
The right had both houses and the presidency and they wait until they lose the house to pretend they care about passing wall funding. So brave.	0
Welcome back to H town!	15
Same thing happened (to a slightly lesser degree) with [NAME] last year and it made for a lot of heartbreak that some never quite got over.	9
So everyone’s cool with the corn rolling on the floor then? alright cool.	7
ah dang sorry. in that case idk.	24
I feel uncomfortable how we didn’t see him resurface...	12
Shaun Of The Dead is way more comedy than horror, good laughs.	1
Thank you :)	15
This is my favorite picture in this sub	18
I used to love watching movie reviews and video essays. But it’s seems like I can’t enjoy anything anymore	25
heh, I remember that commercial.. Was pretty cringy	12
Love the beauty of nature.	18
In the era of [NAME], and to a lesser extent [NAME], I’m not sure this is a bad thing.	6
no problem!!! :) have a great day, thanks for taking the time to comment	15
This is extremely dangerous. And would completely marginalize anyone without a chip. Making it an absolute necessity for everyone to have a chip.	14
Not sure if you're joking. Not sure if I disagree. But since the point of high school is daytime teenager containment google would not accomplish that.	10
Killing goblins is not murder hoboing. [NAME] should have done that himself, really. 	22
Ha, I just saw that highlight. nasty	11
They actively supported it before *mysteriously* going silent about it during and after the 2015 Labour leadership election.	4
TRENDY PEOPLE DANCING WITH PRODUCTS	2
Unpopular opinion: I'd rather the team signed 26-year-old [NAME] over 30-year-old [NAME] coming off another leg injury.	10
Get help.	5
Go spidey go!!	13
If you know anything about those sources then either you understand the dismissal or we aren't going to agree.	10
Ah, interesting. I couldn't find a translation like that. My French is very basic though so it might be right!	4
Nashville as a whole is easily one of the most classist, racist, judgemental, prejudiced cities I've set foot in. 	2
I have no idea how we are down by ONLY 13. Its truly a miracle.	26
>Ordinary Men by [NAME] Thanks for the recommendation. Got it ordered on kindle from Amazon.	15
I missed this. Wow that is a travesty	13
Yeah i know that feeling, i don't know if they abandoned it, i ordered this on amazon.	4
I'm a PR and I've been lucky enough to have millions in capital and that is ALL the statue states.	15
Looking for a deserted island and packing up lots of books.	4
I haven't seen any of them, thanks!	15
what a cute outfit omg	13
I hope you aren’t saying that there is no co-relation between imperialism/colonialism and standards of living in the West, in this case Britain.	20
Wow what a surprise...	26
I agree about that hill and visibility. Why they put that Starbucks in a poorly accessed place is beyond me.	4
That's awesome	0
Thank you for sharing your thoughts. What about alternatives to enable change?	15
That dog actually looks flatter too.	0
This makes me happy. Happy new year everyone	17
Was really hoping he’d drive off with it (sigh)	8
not my kid, not my problem. Best comeback ever xD	0
[NAME] frenzy it's a joke	1
you are correct, but now it is over. and i cry	25
Thanks for admitting your a slob	15
is a really nice resource i found while trying to find out how to write my first non-new grad resume. Hope it helps!	20
Good luck.	5
Lol i love this person	18
I'm not crying YOU are crying!!	4
Fuck this team. I’m done, we all should boycott this bullshit	2
Thanks for the clarification	15
Wow! This got far more real than I was anticipating.	26
I loved [NAME] as a little kid but I wanted jean's powers but I couldn't stand how goodie goodie her and [NAME] were.	17
I know it's 40C over here lol	1
Amazing. Idk how to keep the house clean. It is impossible to manage laundry.	0
Hear, hear. I'm just lucky my career field is relatively un-fuckerized. Truer words have never been spoken.	17
Agree. Keep trying, then if your rejected every time. I'm sorry your done.	9
I’ll agree with you on that, I think it would fit well on someone’s forearm! 	4
NEXT TIME! ON THE CURSE OF OAK ISLAND!	14
Stalking is kind of beta. He should have kidnapped her on horseback.	1
and how much time did it take?	7
No worries. Have a nice day.	5
Amazing bot, you’re doing great sweetie 	0
Just so freaking miserable. Trying to make me miserable as well	3
Holiday getting abused as usual	3
That was painful to read.	25
I'd love [NAME], boy can shoot	18
Lots of tourists like taking pictures with the locals. Don't feel so bad, OP. It's also entirely possible your father was mistaken. 	5
Hate to see him go. The only thing I’m complaining about besides this was the hagelin trade back in November. Both hit home	25
He’s too old for [NAME]	10
I wonder can they basejump to the bottom.	7
I appreciate everyone on this sub	15
That's my favorite type of plane.	18
Realize that no girl is perfect for you if you're not perfect for her. I feel for your disappointment tho. Keep on truckin'.	9
Once upon a time I got banned for a whole day because of bad behavior... Oh wait that was all of us...	25
Whichever was toxic first, easy. This is why we ONLY camp when one of them is toxic first.	20
Haha I’m two edibles in and have shoveled twice...	1
Be thankful.	15
I love how he says the crime *solving* boat, like there was another show about a boat committing crimes. 	18
I liked [NAME] too, but I'll take [NAME] over him 10 times out of 10.	0
For futures sake, if someone is in the Midwest, where would we opt to play? 	7
As a former smoker, I would support it. Smoking is awful.	4
He makes my man bits tingle. Loved him in Robin Hood Men in Tights just as much.	18
So beautiful 💕	0
I have a headache from watching that	3
Whoever is breeding and seeking out these inbred animals is vile.	10
A surprise to be sure! But a welcome one	26
Aaaaaand soccer! Hopefully...	20
Yeah it's a weird thing people do	3
I laughed so hard at this. 🤣	1
Irrelevant what is deserved, as if that's objective. The only thing that matters are the facts and they don't support a move like this.	10
The pats losing is a good thing.	0
I haven't messed around with it that much, everytime I go in it seems like people are looking for players way better than me.	3
Underaged drinking in Wisconsin... get out no way!!!	3
He had a poor year in 2000 but a really good year in 1999 that helped the Mets make the post-season.	22
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make it think.	3
burn the witch!	2
While I understand where you are coming from, this is a tad too aggressive.	2
Same. Ugh	11
Lol. Yes! [NAME] and his $14,000 suit love you but please don't touch him.	1
Desperate times call for desperate measures.	4
"It's called ""internalised misogyny"" and feminists are aware of it and discussing it. Thanks for your concern though."	15
How old is this? I remember he was hugely FB popular back in like 2011. Him and [NAME].	6
Well he hasn’t dont anything good ever. So sorry I’m not very excited about this trade.	24
But it doesn't matter. You probably have different taste in music than me but it's fine because that's how you feel.	4
It looks nineteen to me.	4
Keep your expectations low and you're less likely to be disappointed?	4
Made me chuckle.	1
"I mean, okay...I don't support those so-called ""religious liberty"" laws, soo...there's that."	10
Can't speak for that dude, but I'd say hell yeah they're a hate sub. 	2
It's all fun and games until somebody loses an ear.	22
[NAME] this is so true, sometimes i will remember it like 5 years later and still regret it	25
Goldfish are awesome pets, they are cheaper to replace than they are to feed! :D	0
"That's a funny way of spelling ""Don't make me feel bad about my bad choices"""	1
He is the main character. They are gonna have him in every episode somehow lol	1
haha thanks, let me know how it goes when you use it.	15
They do realize that the guy in the first picture is from a musical that mocks the [RELIGION] religion right?	22
Understandable. Retail sucks and people are nut	22
Cheers mate.	13
Nikon D5100 with a 55-300mm lense. Still don't know how to use it well. Edit: Thanks! Edit again: A word.	15
Why on earth would that happen? Do you really just discard all reality and think of things in terms of a pantomime?	7
Did you miss the other guys link? I noticed you didn't make a comment towards him, even though he posted it around the same time.	7
That's this whole sub lol	1
Thank you! On the positive side I’ve gotten a lot of work done after panicking and giving up looking for my pill pack	15
Ahh giving cc when no one asked for how nice of you.. /s	0
Wow, you really need a break. Maybe men just aren't for you.	0
Yes. It's a good trigger for discussion to move past [NAME] model, though.	0
I borrowed an old wedding dress from a museum. It was a one size fits all kind of dress. Thank goodness!	15
Damn right.	4
I miss big daddy buff	25
Subscribed! I love it.	18
Definite Fridge Horror moment for that movie. That poor man.	25
Cool! Well I look dumb but I learned something	21
Just stunning my meats	0
I don't follow him but I don't see a problem if he wants to do that. Maybe he's just inquisitive.	4
If he feeds the RBs and designs some QB fakes that actually fool defenses I’ll be happy with everything else	17
Oh. My. [NAME]. This entire post hurts my brain. It's beautiful	0
Haha, then i am in... :)	17
What a career for TBA. Started on the wing for Qld in 2002 and now playing at prop for the Indigenous side 17 years later.	0
Stupid pipe ruined a pretty good debut	2
Poor and lonely.	25
But, it entertains you.... in some way. Thats the point dude.	17
Kudos to you my friend. I'm so glad you are still here with us! <3	15
I thought they left that address and moved to Henderson.	6
Think we need a sub dedicated to miserable reviews.	8
I spend a lot of time worrying about how and why that'll happen to me as I get older.	19
Below Springfield Illinois dweller checking in. Thanks for sharing the ILGuns sub!	15
It happened and I'm very happy	17
Good job. :)	0
And then thigh high socks in addition?	7
I'm sure this is only because there's less people there	4
Tried to take first one but says invalid. Thank you anyway.	15
This has to be made as a satire of terrible memes . Like r/okbuddyretard material	14
Maybe we’re on a secret real life version of Dinner for Schmucks?	6
Pet-sitting is over, didn't know I was lonely without a doggo until now. 	25
I'm pretty sure she wants to be alone with you	4
Thanks for this. I appreciate everyone involved.	15
Will you ask her to pray to her god and ask him to stop giving kids cancer!	20
“No, you cannot get better” LOL	1
its here! nice	0
How long do you think manga will go on? Its fairly long now at 216 chapters and I think it's in it's late stages.	7
No thank you.	15
When I see a Lynx, even if far away, oh trust me I'll go to that cat and focus only him before anything else	4
Your welcome. Feel free to share it to those who also need it. 👍	4
Ah I was confused which side you were on :P	6
I'm sorry to break the news to you. :(	24
>arent as attractive as their peers Except for the women who date older RICH men, those tend to be more attractive.	0
Wow [NAME] is back I hope to see better pain defense when the second unit is out there.	20
Seeing Capital Cities live so learning to sing Chartreuse out of excitement.	13
What makes them [NAME]? Tf	7
Why thank you	7
Thank you! :O	15
Yeah. She kills herself, but by accident. 	22
Not cheating and not using exploits is honorable. Other opinions are not relevant imo.	4
Hi, [NAME]! I hope you have the best day ever! -HappyFriendlyBot	17
Obviously excluding shotguns..	4
True, so just basically everyone. It needs to be easier to get a gun than it is now anyways	4
Hi, [NAME]! I hope you have a wonderful day! -HappyFriendlyBot	20
you can please some of the people, some of the time, but you can't please all of the people, all of the time...	10
That’s what I think as well.	4
Got boarded, ejected, and ship damaged... very poor tactic.	11
death of drone is hilarious, like a scene from theater.	1
This was so good I groaned audibly.	0
"""[NAME] will be Turkey's Vietnam"" yeah, we saw how that went lol "	1
"Doesn't matter how much experience you have, you're still delusional and most likely attracted to the ""wrong"" kinds of men"	10
Damn, that's the only war we lost. 	2
Damn I wish there was such a service here.	8
Much appreciated !	0
 Best number! [NAME], [NAME], [NAME]	0
Oh, you're *actually in* several of those subs. lol. Ok then.	1
Have you tried warm tea with honey?? That always helps my kids throats when they are sore!	7
Foundation by [NAME] is a great short read.	0
I love how dramatic it is. It's perfectly self aware	18
you're misinformed	3
No dude. This person has two sick kids and is taking you back to their place... yeah, just no. 	10
I hope he learnt more in his degree than that	20
Shut up [NAME] we’ve had enough of experts	2
Thanks man!	15
Newsflash: Ugly people cheat, too. Cheaters cheat. Cheating is a behavior, not a look. 	11
Isn't North Dakota more important? Or are they just the sacrificial canary in the coal mine?	6
Your wife has beautiful nails!	0
It would still be like hardcore then, you start a new life but retain nothing from the last	20
You need medical help.	5
Wow, that's awesome you heard that in the wild.	0
Some people might be into that. There are some freaky people out there.	3
Goat sighting!!	13
There has been the odd occasion without condoms. No deep penetration, but never the less. Some. I feel awful.	11
i feel like there’s actually very few refs I really like. a lot of them lack consistency.	18
That's such a well said last sentence...	0
I miss the Scottish [NAME].	25
Man this sucks. Hope you’re enjoying life in a big house with lambs!	2
I’m glad at least one good thing could come from my experience!	17
Why does everyone insist on trying to do this? Just open the [NAME] damn bottle with your thumb like a decent human being.	7
Same here, i hope my upcoming trip is gonna kill me	14
Very disappointed to find out that you can’t play NCAA football on PS4. Wack.	9
The [NAME] are all laughing at each other. They are divided. We need to strike them down while they are weak.	17
What a bullet, and what a sequence for [NAME]	0
He did get 3 stars bro😭	25
What a great comeback win! I think that [NAME] goal gave the boys the confidence they needed for the 3rd!	0
Does anybody know who has the contract to build it?	7
"When did he claim it was ""destroying Western civilization""?"	7
You have an amazing boss. You're so lucky.	0
How do you know of this? Also dont spoil for me I'm looking forward to the new episodes.	7
Please, please, please get help. 	5
WHO WAS DRAAAAAAGED DOOOOOOOWN BYYY THE STOOOOOONE	2
"The fact that this podcast isn't called ""Z-Targeting Dio's Balls"" disappoints me greatly."	9
That last sentence pains me	25
Thank you. I thought I was going crazy for a sec.	17
First I was afraid, I was petrified...	14
Don’t fall for it.	5
I am sorry but how in the hell is there no added time added ?	7
yeah what happened in this comment section... Hope these people are ok. TDS is very serious and real.	20
Thanks bud!	15
I love my Red Wings because they're incredibly stylish and I still feel like I could stomp a mudhole in somebody's ass	0
How mature of you. Resorting to name-calling is delightfully childish. I expected nothing less.	0
This story puts me in the mood for a jolly rancher	17
I like it, more please. 	0
Sorry, not from her. But from family and friends. We were open to each other about everything.	24
I'm sorry man sounds bad	25
The Dime on Commercial has cheap eats (but expensive drinks) and usually has a good crowd. A bit small but very lively.	0
You’re right, I have come across that as well. I have been driving long distances for too long! Congratulations on a shorter drive! 	15
I see, I can't see it. I'm on mobile. Thank you very much for the info. Have a lovely Wednesday afternoon!	15
Because it's not mildlyinfuriating that you have to ask strangers to not be assholes?	2
*Succession* was fantastic. *Barry* too	0
Sorry, but this was already on our front page recently, so I'm gonna have to remove it. 	24
I'm baffled	6
I love how Chapotraphouse links directly to neoliberal	18
Yea feel sad for that kid, that native guy is an anti [NAME] activist who destroyed his life 	25
Honestly, they changed writers and it's been pretty good so far, maybe one or two not great episodes this season.	0
Congrats and good luck moving forward!	0
Is that max?	7
if its not obvious everyone is having issues with this scam site	22
Yea, it's a waste of bullets. 	4
Nah you're fine. This is why all sou-chefs are heathen	4
Vermont should be beautiful this time of year with all that snow.	0
Just from this video I can conclude that Saquon is a better DB than BW Webb is.	4
My nuts hurt watching that second part	25
So it's okay when [NAME] does it. But when I do it. I'm being weird. I see. Got it.	4
Even [NAME] got sick of grunge	25
That’s what I was thinking as well. I could think of a few ways to go about restoring a painting but not on a wall. Lol	1
😥 I feel so sorry. He'd be proud of you. *Hugs*	24
I’ve lived in Florida. Hurricanes are *much* worse.	11
Wow the [NAME] replies appeared in less than ten minutes this time!	26
Aww that makes my day too <3	17
I’m only allowed to see counselor once every 2 weeks, so that sucks. Thanks! Best of luck to you too	15
Shockingly, some people continue to educate and improve themselves. You might benefit from it.	26
I’m anything but little you little puppy kicker	3
4-25 against teams with winning records. 0-7 on Monday Night Football. The guy can't show up when it matters.	9
Sloths are cute! Especially when they’re covered in moss	18
I don't know what region you're in, but it's less than 6 dollars on the WnW website, Target, Walmart, and Amazon!	6
I missed this villain of the week feel of the show. Feels reminiscent of S1 and S2.	9
So those 2am cravings are really just my instincts keeping me alive	17
Hallettsville. Awesome square that gets all lit up at Christmas - great places to eat. The best little town in Texas.	0
I cant believe we elected this goon	3
Wtf Powerhouse Macomb is the gym I go to. I've never seen this dude there.	26
Would love to see her back but not a chance in hell until the series finale, if that.	8
> I'm not really sure why my post got you so mad Because he’s one of the guys we’re talking about.	6
Because you didn't realize MEPS was an acronym? Yeah, definitely taking anything you say to heart. Piss off depper. 	2
I mean he's rockin the hell outta that porn 'stache	0
I feel like you and i share a mind. I appreciate your creativity!	0
That last paragraph before the edit lmao. So fake it hurts.	1
Hey. As long as the person I help is better off than when I first saw them, I’m happy.	17
Hmm, I understand your frustration then	2
That's the longest dimple I've ever seen>	0
He’d go down with a mysterious season ending injury	20
Omg creepy!	14
Sorry pal but your just England’s b team	24
Now we all know someone is going to domesticate these cute fluff butts	0
thank you. I've blocked him on Facebook and text.	15
Please explain how I’m genuinely curious	7
I enjoyed it somewhat, but haven't felt like rewatching (or owning) it.	17
Mine was the size of my pinky. And honestly get any size you want! Just be mindful of your pain tolerance	5
I'm just now going through the replies on this thread. This is the first person I've looked up on Spotify. Thank u for the recommendation!	15
I personally like [NAME] and think he could be on the team right now, but the Org doesn't agree.	9
I just don't get how so many people on this sub know that about the Dems but still manage to get taken in by the [NAME].	6
Just curious, why do you think that? He has ~ 80% approval among registered [NAME] 	7
I thought it was his nose sliced off, got confused when I didnt see any blood	6
Grew up together obviously. So if you want to have an alligator friendly family, raise your babies with baby alligators!	4
I love reading these posts and not realizing it's [NAME]	0
right. which is why he got suspended. because nothing happened. makes sense.	4
Seeing happy people isn't motivating because it shows how easy it is and how I'm failing at something literally everyone else on the planet can do	9
You suck at trolling. It's way too obvious.	3
Nothing. Fuck the environment so people can think they saved a few bucks. People are fucking stupid.	2
Windbreakers, we’re supposed to wear them when it’s cold as apparently a joke to keep us warm 🙃 I hate doing drive ups now	2
we love critical impactful discourse	18
More worried about the multi-trillion dollars in entitlement programs than 5$ on a wall.	19
You have to try really hard to get banned on this sub.	5
I secretly hoped we would lose by like 70.. 35 is not enough	20
I hope you have a wonderful cake day!	20
I love the Nets	18
Oh boy I was wide awake when I lost my under 51.5. [NAME] can go fuck his ugly self	11
"""...one last time for good measure"""	0
Fuck shit bitch	2
Don’t tell me what to do.	2
Woooooooooo it took long enough but the UYU boys finally did it and made the league	13
Why tarnish The Office this way?	6
I can't tell you how happy I am that [NAME] and [NAME] are Polynesian Sauce guys.	17
Notice how there are no chapotraphouse trolls here because they know you're right and can't put up any argument against you.	4
Luckily my wages are rising faster to compensate. Oh wait...	17
[NAME], Big Bang Theory is terrible so glad it's going to be gone.	23
You didn't say they were racist channels	3
Especially funnier whens its commented on a song from like 2004.	1
> since their shorter you has more significant impact My shorter me has more impact? Wut? Genuinely confused here about what this means	6
Shit she doesn’t want = “curated beauty box” 🤔	9
The poor dude.....pray for him.	5
Gee, a GIF that doesn't move. Thanks, OP 	15
That would have been a funny had we never made playoffs	1
Go take care of your boy up top of this chain, then we'll talk.	5
Tried to think who else could compete for that honor and didn't come up with many: - [NAME] - [NAME] - [NAME] Anyone else?	7
Sorry for your loss. My bestfriend is turning 13 soon and I'm trying to cherish every minute we still have.	25
Good luck tomorrow! I had to go back last Wednesday. The only silver lining was that it was a short week.	20
They’re not just investments. They’re deliberately exploitative and China’s not operating in good faith	10
TL;DR No more Superbowls for [NAME]. Get ready for another winning season that ends in disappointment.	9
Good pick. I love Dream to Dream from the sequel Fievel Goes West.	0
My arms only seem small because my love handles are so big	5
You can pull yourself out of it. Fight those urges.	4
NBA is like Westworld only completely opposite. Every time you act like your true self you get a T lol	1
The man comes around	4
We don’t like to talk about that	3
I loved when the guy who plays [NAME] showed up as a reporter in The Good Place, but I wish he'd have spoken the same way.	18
Nah I get that, it's just AFFIRMATIVE action...unless this went over my head as well lol	1
yep. Sucks don't it? You can't do anything about it now, and nobody cares. 	9
[NAME], your uncle is not the hero you think he is.	10
Yah, I'm a bad girl. In fact I'm bad at everything.	3
Ah got it. Marked it sorry!	4
The one in WA state. For some reason Vancouver BC is really close to Vancouver WA. It's weird	11
Neither are foreign coups set up with the countries chamber of commerce and the head of the army.	10
[NAME] and [NAME] are ok because they were devout [NAME]. Like they hate secular music.. but U2 is worshipped by a lot of the 40-something [NAME].	4
Because no one in this world wants to see you happy and satisfied man!	22
I agree 😊	4
"Will I get banned if i say ""Boy I sure do love *collapsible bed word*"""	7
The way colt talks in that weird calm voice is like a psychopath. I hate it. It’s so condescending and creepy.	11
Time to get new friends. This one clearly doesn’t appreciate you for who you are.	4
Be careful with this. This is the same rationale lots of people used to hate on the Covington students.	5
Great now my child is crying	0
Sorry, can you translate that to English for me?	7
god so good	0
That was something I was told as well. It makes sense. Thanks for verifying that as an option.	15
I don't care about him at all. 😤😤😤	10
He can recker my pecker and make my pinkie all stinky.	4
"I love how you're getting downvoted for understanding ENTPs better than the ""ENTPs"" in this thread."	18
So how depressing is it that I know that's not true? You still gotta pay for a cold delivery.	9
I always loved Sunday’s because it was Extreme Homemaker, Desperate Housewives, and then Grey’s Anatomy. 	18
And even worse after 40 years!	11
Yep. The court loves certified letters. That way there is some proof that the letter was received.	4
“[NAME] = [NAME] = [NAME]” 🤣😂 It truly takes a DEVOTED moron to embrace that nonsense.	3
Thank you for responding with truth to a top comment that is intentionally very misleading	15
I am really intrigued why you worded the title this way.	7
That’s horrible. Only religion could make an otherwise normal person want to show a torture and murder video to a child.	14
We’re still commenting on a video of a dog farting and a cat throwing up right?	6
And are millennials supposed to be attracted to these? If anything I'd be more offended than encouraged to join.	7
I like how she was trying to stop the fight, then just gave up and started throwing them too.	18
lol I was thinking the same hahah	1
Would be interesting to see a referendum where only UKIP and Lib Dem members vote.	13
I guess it's fair to say that that's one life ruined.	4
Good one.	0
Amazing detail with the hot dog in the virgins hand.	0
Love you (No homo)	18
How? That’s silly. Clearly Lowries impact is higher.	6
That's far from what happened and there is overwhelming evidence to the contrary of the circumstances of her death that it leaves no room for debate really.	25
Love the username	18
I'm great. I am having pho for lunch.	0
You can find the light! Maybe get a pet to love :)	18
Because I suck at lying and they will have to find out about him eventually	3
Gotcha, I definitely need to work on my whiff-punishing game then. Thank you, this was extremely helpful.	15
that’s why I asked haha	1
Lol that's my cat, he sometimes does that when he eats too fast or we switch his food, he is okay haha	1
You seem jealous	22
Cuteness!!!!!	0
P3 hit me so hard in the feels that every time I hear a song from it or watch anything P3 related, I just burst into tears.	25
But if the dentist makes you wait more than 15 minutes, you are legally allowed to leave. ^I'm ^just ^kidding, ^you ^probably ^should ^stay.	1
Hey everyone I like my braves subbreddit without advertisements	18
Yes. You fucking troll me every time. Fuck you.	2
I'm curious!!! The likes of [NAME] and [NAME] may have been choices for me in another timeline. Who took names that you know of?	7
No problem! I was upset I couldn’t chose a female rose grey bay Arabian in story mode. I wanted to name her Rosé	9
Totally zero bias at all as we know feminist scholars aren't bias and always correct no matter what.	4
Let's wait till BFV leaves alpha before we plan the next one. But seriously, that would be a great setting.	8
Not a single one of these allegations are of Russian collusion. It's more perjury trap nonsense.	2
Just another example of why corporate business structures are inherently unethical and are a plague upon all work environments.	10
Oh boy you’re in for a treat. Make sure you visit Austin if you move	17
I feel like people who post these are too in denial to realize it looks like a cry for help	10
Thank you. Should I ask them to see the report I gave to the cop so that I don’t mess something up?	15
Thank you for subscribing to Bull Facts ^^TM !	15
That is not how that all went down. Good story though.	0
Whatever happens, you will survive this. Keep your head up brother ✊	5
[NAME] get him a glass of water and have him lie down...	5
At least she's not a dirty little hamster.	23
Part cat? Haha his front paws look like cat paws. Such a fluffy boy.	0
Definitely very messy. Thank you so much for your advice! Really hoping this works out okay.	15
I get through a pack of tennis biscuits a week at work. Coconut bliss	17
That and useful idiots.	3
Ketamine is absolutely bizarre in high doses. I lack the words to really describe it. I've never felt so detatched from my own humanity.	9
I have nothing to say to you.	4
Hope the only downsizing that happens is someone downsizes your age	20
I don’t think they really thought through the ramifications of putting a bunch of angry women through rigorous physical exercise with weapons. That uprising would be glorious!	0
My hospital has this already, I thought everyone did. Can’t get an IV? Tried a crap ton of places? Call the IV team. 	3
I don’t think high fees is something they like... but the rest I totally agree with you!	4
This comment is basically 10 words of “I didn’t read the article!! But boom, I’m edgy af”	3
i wish i wasn’t a failure of a person.	8
Politics should not be a religion.	4
Good luck friend.	20
I am. I will read those threads as soon as I find some time. But I have got some great insight on this threat regardless.	4
I just wanted to say how honorable you are, r/niceguys	0
[NAME] man..... I hope this is just one of his overdramatic moments on the floor... He's scared me like 5 times this year....	14
yeah i heard the therm used before but not in the same context as this one.But here it just makes me burst out laughing	1
"""PPG Paints"" arena or whatever it's called now is worse"	9
Thank you for taking the time to respond.	15
THIS IS NOT DETROIT, MAN! THIS IS THE SUPERBOWL!	2
Great work guys! Always A++ Prime casters!	0
LOL, that made me chuckle. Have a good one, [NAME]! 	1
Wow, are you me? No one is a fan of season 1 but I definitely do this. There are little gems despite [NAME].	26
[NAME]. Am I doing this right?	7
I didn't even cringe at this, I unironically love doggo mems	18
It's viewed as unfashionable and lower class. Personally I think they feel great. Who gives a shit what other people think?	0
Yes! I play both, because I like the combat of one and everything else in the other.	17
such a deep and powerful tweet	0
This is the best creepy pasta I have **EVER** read.	0
Same! Makes me want to hug them and feed them milk.	5
I hate Twitter more and more each day....the people on there are so toxic it literally makes me sick. They can't appreciate a good meme.	2
And you wonder why Labour get's a bad name for anti-Semitism with statements like that. Ok hun.	26
Yasssss. I loathed Harry Potter. Book? Movie? Toy? Board game? Costume?	11
Man you'd be shocked to know some women still remain passive even when married.	26
What's up with that hanukkah background	7
Glad your boss backed you up	17
Keep voting against your own interests. #maga!	3
A quartet of [NAME], [NAME], [NAME] and Ox would be lovely.	8
This sub is filled with bitterness.	9
Glad she reads the comments of every [NAME] Facebook post ever	15
You should see a therapist if it‘s affecting your life or your mental health that much.	5
ok, im curious to the origins of this gif. what live performance was this at?	7
Yeah, was just very smoky with very burned ribs. I went and got teriyaki to console myself.	4
You’re gonna be the best dad ever!	0
She looks almost devoid of color. Kinda like a manga. Amazing.	17
Worse than selling your soule	3
Would destroying the business bring them both closer together?	7
I would do that, but I put them all on 0 hour contracts and less than minimum wage and I don’t want to pay them. 	10
Hated her. And that was honestly a more offensive reaction than everyone laughing at her IMHO	2
Still waiting on [NAME] to tell me how GIFs are terrible and I can’t afford to watch anymore of them.	14
> Obs streamlabs Thank you buddy, I will take a look at it now and do some testing	15
Great tip, thanks for this. Always just assumed I either used print screen, or the snip tool for copying specific things on screen.	15
Maybe its how he actually types ¯_(ツ)_/¯	6
[NAME] is also in a HEAP of financial and technically legal trouble right now. lol	1
Hahaha perfect.	0
I almost hit the arrow in the screenshot	9
I wish I didn’t fall for my ex. He is not a beautiful person. He is a monster.	8
Love this answer.	18
America.... I have done goofed!	24
Brother I desire your honey	8
lol my mom once told me that alcohol can't be a drug because it's legal	1
it’s great	0
This is a terrible idea	14
i like the poster	18
Stop doing weird things	2
Aha! Thank you for that.	15
I hadn’t seen it and appreciated it!	10
I'm so depressed	25
Thanks. I'll go as soon as I can.	15
No. This simply is not the case	10
Can’t argue with that.	10
DO YOU HAVE YOUR PASSPORT	7
TB12 is the greatest	0
Happy cakeday your username is fun	17
It’s certainly a cute concept.	0
Yeah until the last one has creepily wed and reproduced.	14
I thought he was trolling oops	12
You're an idiot	2
It's a great article. She nailed it.	0
Well done sir, well done, lmfao	0
Most people who call themselves anarchists are against the free market because they don't understand it.	6
Wow thanks. Could have sworn the Score app was showing 3pm when I checked it two days ago.	15
That's sick I love your setup! Have a great tour bud!	18
Why people talk about their prior sex lives is beyond me. There is no upside to doing that, and plenty of downside.	7
So glad they had the clip of the dog getting up at the end. I was super worried.	23
that's not split pushing. split pushing is literally pushing 2 lanes at once.	10
That’s what I was thinking too but I didn’t want to just assume lol.	1
I do have harnesses for them ... maybe I’ll makeshift a sled and see what happens!	7
Welcome folks, what’s going on in Ottawa?	15
[NAME] didn't remember lol I'm dying	1
Your uncle sounds fun. RIP indeed	16
She’s a genius! And a goddess. And a queen.	0
"You know when I typed ""legal tender"" I had a horrible feeling I was going down a rabbit hole."	14
i also love this one	18
Dude, I think you've just proven my point. 	4
Wasn't meant to be. Que Sera Sera.	10
[NAME]. I love how this question soundly crushes that entire paragraph, and the only response is a downvote.	18
Of course the one Ospreys player was my boi [NAME] <3	18
I go “thank you very much, come agaaain”. /s and I’m Indian	15
nah man im just shook and dead™️	26
Is this a dogmatic fear of capital controls, regardless of scope and implantation?	6
Idk about you but I love crispy vagina	18
Benzos do not help anxiety long term. they make it worse	11
I'm so sad for you, I'm so so sorry. 💔	25
Thank [NAME] though! Imagine someone like that with kids... yikes	15
[NAME], 2 weeks ago got charged $20 and was fake [NAME].	3
Can I start getting excited for [NAME] yet	13
Lol squidward has vibes similiar to dxm vibes imo	1
Ugh yes that makes sense. Thanks for the response.	15
That's a great point that I never thought of before... possibly nobody has!	0
Now I see why it takes me 30 minutes extra to get home if I miss an exit.	9
If you make them get out in this. You deserved the fucking ticket.	3
Never thought I’d see a comrade here	26
Lol okay cool	1
You got it!	13
You’re welcome! It’ll absolutely be worth it. And it’ll be fun! :D	17
I watched my team get deep dicked in the natty. I understand	9
Also assumes a kid only has one teacher K-12 at school. Which is ridiculous.	3
You didn’t change my mind, but that’s actually a very interesting thought “the Skywalkers are the imbalance”.	0
tobaccy is nasty	11
Thanks, no idea why that would be removed.	6
Ugh. This is horrifying. Thank you for sharing.	15
Hence the apology note.	24
Yay!!!!! You’ve got this!!!!	13
hope everything ended up alright, op! 	20
I love this reply	18
With the tomahawk through the A? Loved those.	18
who was [NAME] #2	6
Good job! Next, I recommend going NO contact.	0
Sounds great! Thanks!	15
I almost forgot about you for a minute	22
Sorry, but you probably do given the AVers do have a limited literary skills at the best of times.	24
Sadly this is how you get shit fixed	25
with these comments i thought this was r/vegan for a sec lmao	1
I've tried a whole lot of things, nothing has worked.	9
Teen should report him for abuse.	4
[NAME] I hate this man	2
THANKS ^(that was close...)	15
What the hell? Why can't people leave this place alone? They make good pizza. That's it. It's a pizza shop.	0
For the love of all that is good get rid of these people already.	18
Fire the ux designers and yes also our beloved [NAME]	2
This is the stupidest thing to get excited over (but I am)	13
Maybe we knew someone was going to sigh and this was all in the works. Just a thought idk. FUCK	6
we def don’t deserve dog s	10
HaHa... Earnin' and Burnin'! Snappin' necks and Cashin' Checks! Cheers, brother!!!	1
Went to school with her son. She is larger than life in person. Always swaying gracefully. It was crazy.	0
Well reality exists therefore [NAME] is reality. Checkmate, atheist.	4
Lol that sucks. It's 80.9 in Vegreville, 84.4 at a Costco, or pretty much between 85-89 cents everywhere in Edmonton and area.	3
Oh cool, the new sign is up :) 	13
I have an idea. Hear me out in this. Maybe we shouldn’t get upset about [NAME] until.... they...sign... elsewhere? Too radical?	22
It kind of surprised us how much of a feeling of control it gave us.	26
Dont worry. I'll help you.	5
Oh don't thank me, thank the uploader! They did a quick job.	15
[NAME] really getting roasted every chance. I think he is just misunderstood. I hope he shows up.	20
A good character driven story? I don't think this guy watched the same movie as we did.	6
this team is hard to watch, things that can so easily be fixed to make us great that are just persistent fuck ups and we refuse to fix them	3
Wow, I didn't know that was happening. Thanks for the information!	15
"Never liked hip hop. Grew up around gangster life style, hated it. I also laugh at the ""mythology"" that grew up around it. "	1
This entire post is so wholesome	0
hahaha [NAME]???	1
Glad to hear it’s open again, great spot. I still class climbing Coonowrin as the stupidest thing I’ve ever done.	17
Do all you can. Really everything is put in perspective, my work seems very unimportant right now. 	22
Really curious how families handled this in the old days before the modern health care system.	7
That’s Grandpa [NAME]. I stomp flaming bags with my boots	2
Congratulatioins!	15
What’s irritates me so much is that rework ideas like this do all the work for ubi, yet they still won’t do it. 	3
first time all season im kind of not thrilled with [NAME] post game talk. I wish he would have addressed the PP.	8
Not an effective solution. Shooter always has first move, taking out an unsuspecting teacher would give a shooter access to better arms.	10
None of these people ever seem to have run their own business.	10
I went to college in his hometown. He's a grouchy old man who cares a lot about politics	3
Still one of the greatest gems that few will end up doing Smash attacks then the other big cities.	0
It's a decent flick. Id watch it	0
Don’t be a class traitor	2
"very wise, your flair reminds me of the quote ""There can be no true despair without hope."""	0
I wish they would just let us stream their music. I have all their albums but every iPhone I get I have to redo the entire library 😴😴	8
FUCK LES BRUNS	2
I don't just cringe, I feel literal embarrassment for anyone who has watched it.	12
We are usually way worse in the 3rd tbf	9
Thank you, it's pretty helpful.	15
I love the fact nobody talks about boycotting the Times (owned by the same media group), because they know scousers don't read it anyway. 😂	18
To be fair, it is worse than staying in the EU, but good grief it's better than a no deal.	11
Damn... that’s another thing I didn’t even think about it. Probably the biggest reason why people shouldn’t steal food	11
>the ad, which has been both criticised and applauded Applauded by non-customers. Criticized by customers.	10
A great way to start the new year. Happy New year everyone.	17
Lol. Not everything is about your pet issue but I do appreciate your attempts to frame it that way. Keep up the good fight!	1
When I was in 3rd Grade, I wanted to sneak into my pregnant teachers house and make her drink beer.	1
I told him to go away with his best friend to California, I am so appreciative!! 	15
Thank you! You're right. It's all about survival	15
Couldn't agree more	10
I loved this look and it was good but this comment..	18
Thanks. I think she isn't; but I hope she will be happy one day too.	15
I had the same thought also.	4
The best meme	0
Thank you so much! I'm documenting as much as I can!	15
lol what? The worst defense in the league? [NAME] its like we're trying to tank.	1
Oh damn. I forgot about those guys. I never really play [NAME] lol	1
Darn. I knew there was something off about him.	7
>Cause they almost never hit anything. Very inaccurate. The benefit of fighting against a largely untrained adversary.	9
Wow! This is an old one! Everyone knows atheists don't have A holiday. They have ALL of them!	0
That logic doesn't work. Porn stars make movies knowing they are going to be seen, but it is still objectification. 	10
Oh, how I miss real spicy Chinese food. Day after, not so much.	26
Oooh I haven't heard of that one. I'll look around.	10
KAT doesn't play defense lol	1
Damn I love 20 mins from Akron, but looks juicy. 	18
**I LOVE YOU!!!!** *[NAME] has unfollowed you.* ...oh.	18
terrifying every time.	14
I mean this in the least creepy way possible, tell me how it works out NO DETAILS PLEASE GOD NO	14
He’s my pick. That fist!	4
It's Shrimpy ( I'm pretty happy with it and the telegram is decently active too	0
He was forced into this marriage	10
They can be upset about both. Believe me, I've heard the lecture about how Catholicism is a cult and the abortion tirade in the same sitting.	4
Definitely the second.	4
Crayfish. thank you! this cord was from an old beam-type smoke detector.	15
This sounds amazing!	13
So, where we at on this? 	7
[NAME] was such a nasty POS. In his dirty wifebeaters with his malt liquor. “Men have needs...” He disgusts me.	11
Because Reddit. The other day I got downvoted because I said I liked The Office lol	1
Are you ok?	5
i’ve heard its convenient if its a particularly messy job	7
I don't, I think this is great. The more they disbelieve media, the more it hurts them.	10
Done it since I was a kid I was very edgy	19
Thats awful, I'm so sorry for your loss	11
Pity because I enjoyed Max Normal.	17
i really hope this is old and ironic	20
Season x? Sorry bitch but no.	10
You spelled Nazis Propaganda wrong.	10
Were you looking for a tall person	7
Happy cake day!!!	26
How cute, the JV players are fighting	0
Damn. Moving like that in those heels is impressive.	0
i think if you truly thought it was wrong, you wouldnt defend it to this extent. see you	4
How was she able to start the adoption process without both you and BF consent plus signatures?	6
Wait, wait, wait. Wait. You're talking about him not being as much into cybersex as you? Actual sex you have similar sex drives? 	7
Shame on you	2
Well, Detroit isn't currently marred by ownership and front office incompetence.	4
Siblings growing apart is a natural part of life. Unless your close in age then it's almost certainly bound to happen and that's fine.	4
Thx man just reached grandmaster by doing this, while edgewalking	15
Would you have been ok with a vet min contract on Ziggy with a $1 million per start incentive?	7
PEOPLE LIKE THING AGGRESSIVELY BE PROUD OF IGNORANCE	2
I want this poster so bad.	8
What you fiend!!!!! But seriously, how do these guys feel about animals fucking then?	3
"She also spoke out quite angrily about ""Obamacare"" until she needed it due to her high risk pregnancy. She's remarkably hypocritical."	3
Except people have been yelling about climate change for decades, it’s just that finally a prominent politician has made it their main point.	4
I'm most amazed by implicit suggestion that you still aren't showing any signs. i mean coming out should be sign enough right?	26
It’s a smart move but also hurts the business and possibly false. It’s rude.	2
> even if I despise its many subcultural, life stylist, and mobbish factions I am not sure what this means	6
Wow. She just risked her life and interfered with the process of natural selection. Hopefully she gets eaten next time	20
This is the greatest thing I’ve ever read	0
"[NAME] using that ""maybe if I guess every outcome I can still say I was right"" logic."	4
I enjoy living the lie. I do it everyday	17
That ruling is such a mess: it gets the *reason* correct, but the Justices were so out of touch that the entire ruling was contradictory to that. 	3
It keeps more people employed that way.	4
Mr. Krabs?	7
I apologise. It looks like you can be charming from time to time, not only today.	15
Well boys. I am going to actually be productive I think. [NAME]. You destroyed poor [NAME] spirit.	3
Do you make a point of letting everyone know you don’t believe in [NAME] every time you see a religious reference? Or just this one?	6
I have a 4 inch penus and $27. Do I win?	6
That what a highlight reel moment that will be played for years and years. That game is on my rotation of games. Great game all around.	0
This is an interesting opinion that I want to brainstorm some more. I'd like to see a study on how global warming would affect Canada's habitability.	7
YAS, but all the pedestrians give me the greasy when I follow this advice (or at least I think they are giving me the greasy) 	4
[NAME], but they all seem to be genuinely happy with their lives and supporting each other, so I’m happy for them too	17
I have been contemplating taking him to a TLM. You are awesome!	0
why fire make hand hurt	7
For me yes. I did it my whole life, and I regret now. Cause I could've had something with the girls I didn't approach.	4
Yeah but you're not anymore I'm afraid.	14
I love them too. That one is definitely my favourite. Here’s a close second. He speaks three ‘space languages’	18
Get some deodorant and soray her every time shr sprays the cat	3
Yes he said that. But it can be quicker.	4
[NAME] has such a weird relationship with his parents. It’s as if he’s 15 years old still.	3
Right? That's news to me. I'll be excited when that happens, I wonder how that works.	13
I don’t like [NAME] all that much, but that dude seems cool. I hope it hits a goofy dark line like [NAME] or [NAME] tho.	8
Yep that helps. I’m in a sneakarchy for sure. Thanks for the info!	15
That's a very long winded way to say 'i disagree'	10
Thank you. I guess im just finding it weird how she lost interest. Ill definitely be taking your advice	15
Damn, dude lol You should've calmed him down. 	1
I loved [NAME] back in the day. He always seemed to pancake [NAME].	18
Yup, it all starts with [NAME]. He’s not the worst owner in the nfl, but he’s in the bottom half for sure. 	4
Thanks, i have to wake up early tomorrow ish.. i cant now but if i think of any other questions i will, ❤	15
Lol I don't hate these tbh at least they're real	1
Anyone staying up for [NAME] [NAME]? Probably gonna go in and out of sleep watching on the couch	7
Lol get those pitchforks ready boys	1
It's hard to say. They are an above average team that often looks lifeless and underachieves.	10
No I think he just meant that losing half of your shit should at least move the needle a little lol	1
Tbh idgaf anymore too many people correct me and others over it. Who cares. But thanks for the enlightenment.	15
That movie really scared me when I was a kid.	14
Save a spot for me! I'll bring the rainbow penis shaped bags of penis shaped rainbow glitter!	13
Ah gotcha. Thanks.	15
I know you will make her proud. always appreciate your parents they won’t be here forever ❤️	5
I wish the camera showed the cops reactions and faces when it didn't work	8
Cool so you saw something already posted, didn't want to believe and did it yourself to post it all again?	3
I'm not sure what that is	6
Watching this makes me angry.	2
Really feeling you today.	4
Happy looking fella ain’t he!	13
I'm not sure if [NAME] is visiting the Podesta pizza party.	6
The “sad [NAME]” tops it off	25
Lol always a creepy mike	1
I was wishing the same!	20
Maybe work on being a little more optimistic for the future......don't be a debbie downer! :)	20
hes got a clear weakness on his forehand side though. not sure if injury related or just ... ???	6
I think if you're sending and receiving texts longer than 10 words your marriage is doomed.	22
I’m surprised nyxl hasn’t done that with their overloaded dps roster, but a possible upcoming import limit might be the issue	26
no it's not	10
Good thing 2000 aud is only worth about two pounds	0
I would love it! [NAME] has a history of injuries just like [NAME] used to!!! Do it!!	18
I love how that's pretty much all they can do, literally beg for him not to run.	18
Heres some well wishes to you staying up	5
This game like 30 dollars on Humble Bundle on PC. When it goes down again (sale has expired) I'll try to buy it again.	20
I wish. But sadly my job relies on other people so I just can't be the sole person	8
love you comrade! <3 you should get a cool flair too	18
Did you even read the discord logs?	7
It's shameful that he has to preface this post with his bias. Couldn't just leave well enough alone.	2
I agree with in general with your perspective, but as someone who loves music--new and old--I gotta say, lil pump really does suck	4
The second overall pick is pretty embarrassing	12
I’ve only gotta PC, so I legit googled this thinking that this was actually what happened hahahahahahha	1
Those smuggler missions were decently fun. Hold on a minute, I think I may play [NAME] again just to pass the time...	1
Cried when [NAME] and [NAME] gave each other a big hug and [NAME] lifted him off the ground.	25
Even if I did, no one would believe me....,	10
Get an ultra balm if you want, it's amazing for cracks! 	0
Funeral for a friend is a killer band.	0
Looks like I’m getting an incredibles suit designed for me in this class	13
Hey didnt say being fat and short is bad	10
What The actual fuck	2
El oh el that was fucking funny	1
It's ok, it's been posted a lot lately 	4
Ohhhh my gahhhd. One of my all time favorites. Taxi Driver can take a seat. Brink is awesome.	0
Not gonna lie, I'd be intrigued for sure. 	4
"Yeah, the golden nugget is ""Get over yourself and let him back in, he made a (small) mistake"""	5
Thanks for showing me the most degenerate thing I've seen so far in 2019, and that includes a scat subreddit.	15
Guy quotes [NAME] lol. Juicy	1
My mum had this. I got to pick things I wanted from inside and we’d make them together. :) nice memories.	0
Fuck [NAME] for continuing to give her a platform.	2
When traffic is moving it is definitely not legal nor safer. I hate how dip shits like you spread false information on this [NAME] forsaken subject.	2
This isn't normal. If he's this way now, can you imagine later on? Time to move on girl. 	5
Thanks for clarifying, was definitely originally taught wrong then. 🙃	15
GET THE FUCK OUTTA HERE RUDY	2
Insurance and healthcare have the same attitude. Keep people alive as long as possible, but keep the people dependent on the system.	4
How can anyone like Tottenham? Like for real. They are the worst team you could imagine in every department.	10
I fucking change my mind, something wonderful has happened! Please don't make me go dead, tomorrow.	3
that doesn't make any sense at all.	10
She would be crying because your showing yiu truly care. Its up to you buddy but tears of joy are good.	5
You are a god among nurses.	0
Thank you! Took this on my IPhone 7!	15
I like your attitude. You seem like a good person.	0
That's the main reason to play [NAME]? I hate it too.	2
I don't know, I was to busy getting annoyed by [NAME] whiny entitlement to dislike [NAME]	3
His Ma must be really impressed with her sharply dressed son. 👊💦	0
[NAME] has never said he wanted to build the team around [NAME]. Not sure why people are spreading this rumour.	6
Yeah that is a pretty crap and unhelpful thing to say, especially coming from someone who works in that job. 	3
Exactly my goals as well. Let's make it a great year.	13
Thanks I will consider that :)	15
random fact: my pokerstars avatar has been a picture of that very hit since that night of 2006 LOL you could say that this hit was... pretty mint	21
[NAME] bless [NAME] for unlocking Michigan's Anger-Swag.	5
Yes. Things come back fast, though. I think its an aspect of the 'eternal adolescent' brain.	4
How dare you	2
Stay away from her kids, [NAME]!	2
What an abusive piece of crap. Those poor boys won’t know how to be adults. I hope their father is in their lives.	10
Yeah how dare I want more Green Arrow material in my GREEN ARROW show.	4
And we play for 6 dollars, this makes me so angry we need a big ass casino in that game	2
This is me being hopeful that there’s not one poor soul out there who’s happy that the Wilpons are our owners	20
Fuck daesh *	2
Sorry mate, you’ve got the wrong sub. This is for **bad** UK.	25
The second half of the game was a big disappointment for me. I really wish they kept the family around for much longer.	9
Fear mongering.	14
[NAME] ain't all that. Sorry.	24
I don’t know Lady [NAME] drag race has a nice ring to it LOL [NAME].	1
hahaha. I was/am honestly surprised that is the only time I've heard of a parent calling a rapid.	26
No kidding. Pretty sure my husband enjoys it as much as I do.	17
Feel the energy! Amazing PK and two great goals!	0
Did I miss something? I don't think she's announced yet. Someone could still beat her to it.	6
"Because eye witnesses have always been proven to be credible. ""Hands up, don't shoot"""	4
You sound scared	14
Timing, most important part of a joke. The what's	1
Well said, thank you.	15
Thank you!! This is so helpful	15
What's with the buying porn thing? I missed out on it	9
I’m feeling very excited !	13
I don't know what's more embarrassing, the fact I watch the show or own a Roku TV.	12
Hell, I'm saving your Reply. Enjoy being the first in my list!	17
Yet, his recoveries on attacks are abysmal.	9
You sound like someone who doesnt know what ironic humour is.	9
Best sports league in the world.	0
Wow, automated can collection is news in 2019? Literally have done this for a decade minimum...	13
I agree, Thats also how I felt when I visited Japan last year	4
I love how he’s still smiling while being eaten	18
Can you please suggest this name to marvel for the next super hero movie? That is all. K. Thanks. Bye!!!	15
I know, i read that previous post. Im just worried about your parrot getting injured because of that woman :/	5
I hope they remain long time friends and can look back on this as adults and have a nice giggle together	20
I went there once and was like “yeah neat I guess” around the same time. Totally forgot about it until I saw the pic of the door	11
The fact that she told you your sex life is over is insane to me.	26
So that it’s it huh, we’re some kind of Stunt Double Squad?	6
Maybe its the picture but the fabric looks really bad	10
This is amazing and terrifiying	0
I’m too poor to watch this 🙈😂	25
I'm confused...did you do anything? And people that aren't your husbands family or friends are also saying this?	6
Yes, thankfully it has never happened to me, asking out of (morbid) curiosity.	23
Dude nsfw this damn	2
Loved this moment. Also loved [NAME] face and [NAME] and [NAME] wedding when they kissed; so touched!	18
He should file a civil rights complaint. This is a clear case of discrimination against someone with a mental disability.	4
That's reasonable and pretty inexpensive for a 75 mile round trip.	0
What a great terrible movie. Always worth a watch. Boondock Saints for those who dont know.	0
No problem, it warms my heart to help slower people understand things.	5
I ask them straight why they don't respect my decision. That usually fixes it.	7
I'd argue they are advocating not fighting the fire in your house when the entire neighborhood is engulfed in flames.	2
Second this. I have an anxiety disorder that has resulted in me never working a job, but my career is making YouTube videos self employed atm. 	4
It was great but above everything else... It makes me happy to see [NAME] at the top. Werk.	0
Mid game? I was worried it would happen to me except reverse. Hold out on this contract for another hour haha	7
Oh... Cool	0
Seen as Child abuse in some places. Not illegal but judges hate it. No matter the sex.	2
I probably wouldn't have responded out of confusion.	6
Time to fill our roster with Schiano Men!	4
First of all, no. Second of all, she probable is still in love with you 	18
I miss him on our pp	25
So we are homicidal manics until we get bored and then follow the road rules for fun.	1
Agreed. Very relevant suggestion!	4
Thanks for posting that. I’d thought that I had seen all the Rice footage in existence. Good stuff.	15
"screw up phrasal verb of screw INFORMAL•NORTH [NAME] completely mismanage or mishandle a situation. ""I'm sorry, [NAME], I screwed up"" Is a murder mishandling a situation?"	24
I honestly couldn’t care less about your opinion at this point	4
Because he was really really hoping people, even strangers on the internet, would think he was a doctor.	20
Another why [NAME] is so valuable moment. lol Let's go [NAME] And [NAME] has a small penis	1
[NAME] and I don't agree with much, but I agree with him here.	4
Cool thanks, posted on there just now! I'm not a super big reddit user so I'm glad that you are telling me all this haha.	15
Great movie, almost timeless :)	15
Winnipeg Jets regularly have whiteouts, though I don't believe anyone paints themselves.	10
Happy anniversary!! ❤	18
Document everything, get financially independent, be free. Good luck my friend.	5
dae [NAME] IS MOMMY FUCK MY ASS WITH A BACKHOE MOTHER YES GAWD *tongue pop* WHAT A TALENTED ACTRESS BUT ALSO PARENTAL FIGURE	11
the trajectory of that is really weird! But [NAME], that guys arm, hand, possibly head is not liking the next .01 second!	11
I get migraines too and I’m sooo tired the first two days of my period	25
Yeah probably should've chosen a better sub, but I couldn't think of one	24
I honestly would've sued anyway. You could have died, and all you got out of it was a guy fired?	6
Oh wow, that was a serendipitous ending! The weed saved her life. 	26
I’m not gonna be writing you a paper check!	10
At SkyZone with the kid getting some energy out. Next up is a dentist visit...ugh	11
I love her so much	18
Thanks! Thank you for sharing!	15
ah, [NAME] I love this boy	18
Yes, dude! I'd love to see it finished. 	18
[NAME] on a pretzel. That is just...fucked up. Those comments are absolutely...I can’t think of anything awful enough to describe them.	2
[NAME] because he's the better player.	0
I appreciate this. If you hadn't done this I would have felt terrible all day	0
Went to a rave Friday night so I spent the day asleep. No regrets.	4
Yeah I suppose lol, but either way yours is the best one I've seen so far 	0
I like to think [NAME] is finishing the school year before coming back home.	18
Looks like you brought a nice variety for her to try, hope she enjoyed it!	20
Aaahahahha- you had me at Jabba the Hut for a role model 😂😂❤️	1
WE can't always have what we want. I see them losing.	9
Is a really worrying bench	19
Yeah, this has been posted here before, but it's a great video. I have it saved to a YT playlist for repeated viewings and lols	0
Dear [NAME]....	15
Explain how British farmers taking common aborigine land in Australia to be used as private property 'isn't rooted in colonialism'.	7
I love salty popcorn. and sweet and salty popcorn. and tomato and worcestershire sauce popcorn. and chocolate popcorn... I'm just a fan of popcorn =D	18
I've gone through phases like that, usually related to depression or something else going on in my life. See if it passes in a couple weeks.	20
I sure hope so...	20
Aghh bacon is actually the worst. The smell of it is soo disgusting you can smell the dirtiness	11
"It that where the phrase ""what a kroc"" came from?"	7
I feel a deep sense of shame.	12
Glad to see that thoughtful doggo found a home here!	17
[NAME] have been doing this a while and it rarely works.	4
I'm new here from the U.S. This convo cleared it up for me, so thanks.	15
How old are you? It sounds like 90% of the guys you know who are your age also don’t have their shit together	3
As long as blind luck exists, there is no upper limit on stupidity.	3
"""bussy full of beans"" is an earth-shattering phrase"	4
It’s your choice what you choose to do, but just know you’ll be surely missed by loved ones.	18
happy cake day	17
I'd sure as hell hope their washing their hands after at least.	20
I can't help it when everyone just loves us ¯_(ツ)_/¯	10
Thank you.	15
But why does your horse have a leash on her while eating. Looks sooo uncomfy. Poor bubby!!!	7
Holy shit they fornicate like rabbits!!	11
How you don't give in to her every whim is amazing to me. You're a much stronger person than me.	0
Not heinous for sure, but frustrating.	3
Yeah, I agree. It left a bad taste in my mouth that they weren't even gonna mention it, so at least it's something.	4
I like it! I think the ideas of [NAME] can go a long way. I wish you the best of luck :)	20
You are wrong.	10
We got some good sex scenes or is it blue balling BS?	6
Apologies for vertical view! Bonus commentary from my mini me that loves this sub!	18
Wishing the best for your pupper.	5
We don't deserve you. Thanks for the update. Happy it's being handled! :)	15
Sorry this is the first time I saw it, I’ll delete it.	24
Holy hell, that sub is nice.	0
No phone, can't help....sorry?	24
I hope so and I think they have the ability to, but I just have a bad feeling that they won't.	20
How do you know [NAME] isn’t 6’10” right now? Have you measured him lately?	7
I was always in awe of just how stunning she was. She doesn't photograph well though, it's a shame. 	12
I want to see this happen simply because it makes no sense.	8
This is exactly what I was looking for! Thank you so much!	15
Idealogues are annoying.	3
i love [NAME] and [NAME] so much, but... [NAME], my dudes.	18
What the fuck who likes cold	2
[NAME] after he declares he loves playing Fortnite, wants to play with his brother no matter what and loves Vancouver. 	8
the older i get the more it hurts	25
I've never read an article that made me experience both disgust and schadenfreude in equal measure like this one has.	10
Omg this is so amazing ! Keep up the awesome work and have a fantastic New Year !	0
Thanks for the info, not gonna risk the ban. 	15
Fair enough, I respect your perspective.	0
Huh, and all these years I’d been *assured* “nobody” was coming to take my guns. Its like they been lying the entire time.	9
He dropped the child down a flight of steps??? WHAT ??!!	7
Those bastards lied to me	2
Dark and funny, but not really nice guy. He has yet to call the dead girls whores for declining to sleep with him. 	1
Dude, y'all anti American scum don't even believe in science. Fuck off with your generic bullshit because you can't list a specific example. 	2
For real! It was like a shining beacon in the night!	0
aries actually haha	1
No Deal violates the National Security interests of the US, the Commonwealth. Do you expect this to be allowed to happen?	7
holy lmao im a dolt lol.	1
Congratulations! Welcome to the world, new person!	13
This comment has been removed for breaking rule #8.	3
Thats not mold	10
[NAME] is amazing.	0
Wish more people shared your thoughts, it will make the world a better place. 	8
Wow amazing gift you have there being able to tell who someone voted for just because they were rude	0
Girl we been knew she's been telling us another album is on it's way since thank you, next	15
Thank you.	15
If you have insurance, see of they'll cover it. My mother got her reduction completely covered due to a history of pain.	5
> And I can’t blame you. Whyy? They are beautiful little bugs	0
That's such a selfish mentality to have.	11
I give 90 percent odds that [NAME] will be reelected. And I think it will be at a much higher margin than 2016.	4
You’re funny if you think 27 vs 1 is going to somehow end in a good deal for the UK.	1
My biggest fear is catching feelings. I got dangerously close once lol. It’s just about self control.	14
It was the largest defeat since the 20s wasn’t it? Soz am only now catching up so may have misunderstood	6
And everybody clapped! Fuck this loser!	2
Canadian [NAME] here to disagree with you. Politely. Sorry.	10
Do not go gendered into that good lighting. *takes selfie*	5
All that shows is them loaning money when Liverpool make losses, which seems to have happened more than any of us realised. We don't make a loss	22
What a methy situation!	26
my sentiment exactly	4
I love juancho	18
We're pretty spoiled in Halifax.	10
I am out, it is a beautiful day and the air is crisp and refreshing.	0
Still don't get my point, but thanks anyway.	15
Essence is amazing!	0
I love you ❤️	18
I like the airpod memes other than that haven’t tried them so can’t say for sure	18
His friend was sexy as hell 💁	0
I took in a friend of mine and creating a vanity for her (she loves to do her makeup) is honestly one of my more cherished memories.	18
I'll be shocked if humanity makes it to 2100. But yeah. It's a miracle I'm alive since I had the toe on the trigger.	26
It is awesome, and nothing turns me on more (as far as giving pleasure to my lover goes). Seriously.	0
Man, I would gladly roast this one. Fat rich people must be tasty..	1
I live in the South, lol, and this is really accurate.	4
Pffft right, next you'll tell me America isn't a representative democracy, or that England isn't a monarchy! Don't be a fool! 	3
I would like to see the after justice of idiots like this	2
I know, and the unfortunate thing is many of my friends in this area have had somewhat similar experiences with dudes who just are just total creeps. 	9
No. Foreigners are not allowed to preach [RELIGION] to [NAME]. Maybe not explicitly . Also They restrict donations from abroad Not just people.	10
At the same time liberals are lining up to applaud [NAME] for how incredibly woke they are...	0
picture isnt that clear but I am 80% sure they're fake. break one and see how it crumbles.	10
No, it's a back massage at best. At worst it can give you a stroke and kill you.	10
I'm confused on the hov +2 part, does that mean that's price if you split the bill?	6
I remember all the Bolt-on jokes this sub was making when it happened. All the best [NAME]	1
I mean it doesn't say anything about comments? Anyways who cares it's a celebrity its his fault.	10
Nah, that's ArmedForcesUpdate, always good for a laugh	1
I love those moments where [NAME] finds a teammate opens and whips the ball at them but our guys are tuned out and don't expect it.	18
Fuck I laughed at this post :D You better stick to your words and make sure to Tag every BF:V Dev.	1
> [NAME]. You disgust me. But seriously when do we get a real show and skip the constant ad teases.	11
All the [NAME] who’ve been harassed or assaulted for “looking [NAME]” will be glad to hear that.	4
Source? 😂	7
I am clueless lately. None of my students parents speak English. It breaks my heart because I want to have more open communication.	25
Is this my Beetlejuice moment?	7
I SWEAR I DIDNT MEAN TO ANSWER 2 HOURS LATER FORGIVE MEEE	24
hi [NAME], toxicity in a multiplayer game is something that should always be expected no matter the game cause people are assholes.	3
Sorry what, seriously? Who decided that shit, that wasn't even [NAME]?	3
Nothing ocular about that smackdown. Raunchy just peaked all over [deleted].	4
I hate to sound like we're in a Santa Monica coffee shop, but keto diets are incredibly effective if you can stick to it	2
funny as.	1
I am sorry but I can feel a panic attack. Holy moly I would die instantly If I were him	19
That sounds terrible! I get hay fever some years, I also have eczema and anxiety, all at once sounds like pure hell.	14
Bro I love how she deletes it so all ur hard work is gon	18
thanks JA!	15
[NAME] 10 year challenge is looking good!	0
Which one is your favorite?	7
You can't demand historical accuracy 'at all' then. It's logical fallacy.	2
Picked up my new glasses. Does anyone else feel nauseous after getting a new prescription	7
Because it's incredibly cringy.	3
It’s a rough time I hope your Ex wife gets better.	20
I've seen this one, but don't remember the source. Any help?	7
Honestly, who can finish a venti frappuccino? Before it melts, anyways.	7
I find Asian men hot and have dated a few - I'm a white woman	4
I believe so. Not 100% but safe to assume since they a USA based company	4
[NAME] beat the Bears last season lol	1
And it seems, just genuinely nice, hilarious, and passionate about her work. I hope she gets more of an edit from now on!	17
You really get it. Your SD is a very lucky man!	0
Hopefully the Chouteau Greenway ends up narrowing Market street back to its original width.	20
What a cutie!	0
Probably one everytime I run out of the $1 million, 97% success rate? Worth the risk 	0
lol yep that is the case and has same taste in food as well!	1
That’s is 100% the noise. Perfect!	0
Honestly im a pretty clumsy belligerent and i lasted 9 months and no case is great life i regret nothing	0
Did anyone catch [NAME] imitating him laying on the ice as the game ended? [NAME] as fuck	7
Can’t believe they actually got married. What a joke	26
that's adorable asf	0
> How TF did you get to FETISH that quickly? Welcome to the internet. Enjoy your stay.	15
Why do you keep failing? Is there a particular part you can practice on, or just nerves?	6
He's shooting very efficiently, too. Most of his FGs scored at the rim.	0
No. Being a private investigator isn't illegal.	10
>They split up 5 years later after an extremely messy situation with Dr [NAME]. Very very long story. I would like to hear this story	7
I beta-tested Gwent. After all that and everything after launch, I'd still rather just play it as a minigame in Witcher 3.	17
This kid is one of the best passive aggressive insults ever. I love it.	18
And the sad part is this goes on for decades and decades grrrrrrr	25
The weight of all that water is enough to kill someone if they don’t drown.	4
Even if you don't act on them, you still should stay away. It's not normal to fantasize about doing sexual things to children.	10
How is 5th starter not a question?	7
Be brave. You have our support	5
I love you. I had no idea before now, but I love you.	18
This commercial really just reminded me what scumbags Verizon are	22
what level of bloom would you think is appropriate?	7
I’m glad	17
>Nice tip. I'm gonna wakeup fast against [NAME], [NAME] etc now 	0
LMAO thank you hunni =] yeah just be w/ your mom then LOL	15
One of the best and most consistent kickers over the last 5 years vs a guy who had a great season	0
Ah alright, thanks for clearing that up.	15
Because bullying is a way to enforce social conformity, and discourage people from being different. 	11
Yeah, it’s a really similar thing. Some kids love it, some kids are really freaked out. 	18
I bet he’s not going to visit their hall of fame in order to avoid meeting w/ [NAME]	4
It's the hard R that'll get you in trouble.	14
See i was kinda right in the first verse, thanks aha	15
Yo but that RivaL lineup tho! That's gonna be so sick	20
These things are so cool.	23
She sucks but you don’t sound much better	3
Ah, fair enough.	4
This is a test, now YOU have to give away that gold. Your donor was a cruel benefactor. 	2
Don't grab another slice of pizza. Maybe if they would've eaten the crust they would have not been so hungry. It's greedy and picky.	10
Uber is fun and cheap.	1
Watching Revenge sometimes makes me cry, thinking back to when I tried to memorize that song, and listened to it over and over.	25
Haha, actually grandpa did! Go figure 	1
They’re not pissed off to the point where they’re actually going anywhere else, and that’s just crunching numbers.	10
Vista tower is going to be such a cool addition to the skyline when the glass is installed!	4
Really disappointed it's not even coming digitally on Vita outside of Japan.	9
The toes stretched out as he hangs from the swinging door is too much cuteness for me	0
when only rich people got elected and passed laws...	3
Sitting down and wiping is disgusting. Especislly when using a public toilet. Fucking savages up in this thread.	11
> But I still hope natal males will respect natal women's spaces.. They don't. I would hope they would but they don't.	20
Don't make me talk about [NAME]... ...	10
As a once very sick kid, I thank all you pediatric RN's out there for what you do and your compassion while doing it. 	15
Thank you!!!!	15
Right. It was wasted screen time. But oh no, we couldn’t have a Snoke flash back that was 30 seconds *at most*.	9
This is the dumbest post I've read today. How's that?	3
>but part of the whole inequality picture is women receiving lower pay for the same jobs. Honestly? Doesn't happen.	7
I can't wait for this capslock variation thing to die out.	7
I'm curious to know, why did you behave like that when you were young?	7
That isnt sustainable.	10
Win what exactly? A meaningless game in a very long season to be swept out of the playoffs? No thanks.	3
In the comments he accuses the account of being fake and she proves her identity with photos and a link to her instagram. This guy is astoundingly pathetic.	10
Well no dur	3
Damn. I love peppermint.	18
that's not scarcity its desperation and prioritizing looks over everything else	10
Oh I wish that was how everyone thought. Unfortunately it's not.	22
Considering that the picture OP jerked was fake and that the OP of the faked picture was rude as fuck to absolutely EVERYONE, that’s completely false. 	10
I love you. I think that helps me a lot.	18
Wow, this is beyond fascinating.	0
[NAME] was horribly inconsistent this year	14
If people were downvoting due to the perceived insensitivity of it, then I guess I understand. 	4
I’d love to flatten [NAME] emotions.	18
last year i had a major crush on one of my guy friends. still do.	18
No, thats just the glare from the sun	10
If it makes you feel better they'll probably move back a few times	20
No one but they're mine and they protect me from facing the truth D:	5
Idk why but I feel like this should be nsfw	6
Well, whaddaya know!	26
You have sound advice. Thank you. Another issue I have is this is an entire state away from us. A minimum 4 hour drive.	15
He was playing with absolute garbage teammates, and the one year he was on a decent team he had 44 points in 48 games. 	10
i think you could say the chat about smelling their own farts was also added for comedic effect	1
My girlfriend barely tolerates me showering in the morning, she'd be furious if I'd let an alarm ring while I'm away. And rightfully so. 	2
He’s had big games for us before, it’s just his lack of consistency and effort 	9
Players need to have Agency over their characters. you did not. total crap. :(	9
My neighborhood is majority Haredi dude. Getting upset when a minority moves in is bigotry.	9
[NAME] doesn't really look hindered by the way she's playing and hitting. I hope she doesn't retire. [NAME] just playing amazing.	0
Welcome to the club, fellow [NAME]!	15
FUCKING NORMIES REEEEEEEEE	2
very well put. wow i love that man, i’d play a mean game of chess w him	0
I was one of the best. I used to get at least 50 matches. Hair loss made me invisible all of the sudden	9
Love these guys and love this skit	18
You think only a -couple- people use fgt hatefully?	7
You're welcome :)	15
I'm so sorry. That's awful.	25
Her meal looks pretty good...	0
I feel attacked	25
I haven’t made a choice yet. I like them both. But why do people not like Link?	6
"I like how it's ""unacceptable"" lol. The nerve"	1
Just turned on the game. I hope I brought the boys some good luck	20
Gnostic atheist here. This is a great summary!	0
Hahahaha I love this man	18
I did nazi that coming!	22
I mean I love [NAME] as a player, but emotional attachment aside, we really need a consistent shooter 	10
LOL!!! Good one!	1
Thanks for your concern. I'd rather get ahead than deal with trying to do this at the last minute because the teacher offers me 0 recourse.	15
Little scrub didn't even make it through the first week of NN19.	9
Thank you! I had no idea Reddit had profile pictures and I've been using for a couple of years.	15
Thanks but not pictured: my 3” heels I usually have to tip toe to kiss the dude🙎🏻‍♀️	15
Professionally.... no way I could do that to myself	10
And yet none of ya'll are willing to even let 3rd party candidates in the building. Got to love the hypocrisy	18
Was hoping for a per bear on the other side, or maybe a running woodchipper.	20
> I guess you don't agree Did *you* read *my* comment properly or just jump to the assumption?	6
*ads even more trashier	10
On this sub I don't know whether to upvote or downvote	6
I tip my invisible hat anytime I drive past this dealership. What an unfortunate surname.	25
Can you adopt me? I’m after those bones	7
Hi u/CareeningDirigibug, thanks for posting this however I am afraid it has been removed as this video has already been posted within the last week. Hope you understand.	15
[NAME] was attractive physically and got a match. [NAME] wasn't unattractive in his behavior and got an invitation for sex.	10
"It's a careful boundary between them seeing you as ""one of those parents"" and taking you seriously."	4
a surprise to be sure	26
You're delusional	3
People don’t understand the word allegation anymore, or innocent until proven guilty.	22
Sorry for all the questions I just find ASPD to be a fascinating disorder. I have BPD SO to me not having emotions sounds like a dream.	24
A RACK ON IT YEEEEEE GONNA LIVE BET THAT SHIT AND SECOND HALF 3K let’s goooo	13
I don’t get why you don’t post that hog.	3
Yeah, it basically gives us carte blanche to challenge every single gun law, lol. [NAME].	1
She truly looks like a puma, beautiful!!	0
You fucking got this bb, one step at a time. The DD is here for you.	2
Are any other carriers better? I ask out of ignorance, but I was under the impression they all sucked	6
Ah haven't heard of them before. [NAME] is from Fourig which is right outside Dayton. Congrats on your new addition! <3	0
Bruh, I’ve been getting this tough love since I was 18. Hence the dusty balls. 	25
If somebody is fundamentally unsocialized chances are they behave socially inappropriate in more than one situation	10
Ah cool. I thanks for clarifying.	15
Thank you :) I'm trying to hang out with friends more, I felt like I was quite distant from them because of him	15
China shipping is also unreliable and most packages come ruined.	4
I was really hoping it was the gasping pikachu when I clicked the link, I wasn’t disappointed.	20
I don't understand why [NAME] is starting it on the feet..	6
is the entire cast at least on there and not cut off at the bottom like the other pic I saw here?	6
Recently got this book! I would be interested as well!	7
Fuck with these giveaways.	3
You sure are outraged about some people making fun of [NAME]. Gee, that's easy!	2
Thanks [NAME]. wait a minute...	15
New Year, new you. I'm proud of you. 	21
glad to see paleho's doing well	5
I loved the first one, but haven't gotten around to the second one yet. 	18
You shouldn’t forget it, and you probably need therapy. Years of abuse like that takes its toll.	5
Truer words were never typed. Loved that game.	18
Sorry thought you were the other guy that said it was a privilege.	24
I was so hyped after the zach shot, I'm still crying 	25
"I used to sell appliance parts. Yes, I need your model number. No, the part you are looking for isn't ""standard."""	10
1 is the lie. I'm cheating because I remember this convo from last week.	9
I didn't see it either! I feel like the kid at the birthday party that didn't get a piece of cake...	9
Dudes karma is -99 lol	1
Sounds like you know the answer, and at first she will resent you. But hopefully over time will realize what your doing. 	20
♥ thanks for understanding	15
That’s a lot of chonkers!	26
I love when people call 500ms lights useless.	18
Nah I wish, that would have been awesome!!	0
It's a dumb and harmful thing, when you invite people because of their race and sexual orientation over qualifications and skill	10
Great to see [NAME] back on the court	0
only facts mate - so nothing you would be interested in	10
[NAME] I can understand, but Ukrainian? Is he a migrant from central asia? Or a [NAME]? I am confused	6
Didn't even get a chuckle out of me. I guess its just too high brow for my dumb brain.	12
Hopefully she lives in a very vaccinated area that will protect her baby. Hopefully.	20
Damn. That’s profound. Did you graduate from Harvard?	7
For some reason I always thought that was [NAME] unless if I'm remembering a different play	22
I love the logic of a better cheaper more reliable service comes along, so let's block the roads and highways that will make people love us LOL	1
>Working in MD AND DC? Would this be illegal? I will do that, thanks!	15
that's amazing, gives me hope. 	0
Good for you.	5
Stay strong, you’ll pull through.	5
I wish I had your efficiency. I can be at work a full shift and still get almost nothing done.	8
Was it just me or when they showed the backboard camera did the hoop look like it had a surprised face?	26
Awesome, it looks like we've found our next scapegoat.	0
But the panther saddle is sexy af.	0
Man I want AD but I love OG ::(( guess we gotta sacrifice eh...	6
Oh god. Imagine losing to Toronto in the cup final. You would spent the rest of your life hearing about it	26
You okay there, bot?	5
The kind you enjoy & can fully devote yourself to.	17
Black people still get shot unarmed. Comparing suffering is stupid and pointless.	2
It's a waste of water to shower that often.	10
Omg, maybe best plot twist. I wish that will happen	20
I really like this OP, going to start doing something similar - thank you! 	15
[NAME] bless you. Some of us are barely hanging on...	5
Ate too much “hot chips”	17
Nothing in politicalhumor from them is even remotely funny. They're completely untethered.	1
hum yhea i kind of agree, but i still dont understand what it has to do with the amount of devs left working on the game.	4
But he was so *hurt* when [NAME] acknowledged that homosexuality is a sin.	9
This why we can’t have nice things! I would’ve beat him up for taking with my non-existent mans away 😤	3
OP and wife probably have other areas that are private. Sometimes it could be our dreams that even we don't dare speak aloud to ourselves.	22
Your brother is in a freak cult that ruins lives. Forgive him but don’t listen to that bs.	4
Well, yeah. She wasn't the best actress up for the award by a long shot. I don't think this is a surprise to anyone.	4
Beyond that, it affirms the idea that discipline and habit exist for as long as you maintain them, which I find kinda funny. 	1
Did you guys use condoms before? Or was it just the mental hurdle of knowing you weren't taking any birth control?	7
Wow, never knew about [NAME] and I thought I was well-read!	26
Ooh, and they make the joke be able to be known by everyone so viewer thinks they are special	17
The best one for me is still Borderlands 2, and it’s been a fucking while. Amazing how far ahead of its time that game was.	26
If Gold state can make it work with 4 all stars we damn sure can with two players	20
It's nice to have dreams.	20
Looks like a good DILF look to be fair lol	1
Haha my cat does that as well. Had to get round door knobs.	1
This is an issue I had with breaking bad. I love the show but sometimes the actors would talk so frigan quietly.	18
I can guarantee you for many the hate for this administration started much before the election results were in.	2
Why should OP be the only one making effort to work on a relationship with the mom?	7
That is a very handsome dog.	0
Why is sleeping with a coworker such a big problem for a news network? It’s not the military with a rank disparity or something	3
We are going with Godsey. This team is so dumb.	3
Suddenly went 6 to midnight TBH	26
No, we both know you are liar. Thanks for convincing me to block you.	15
I’d love to hear Zombie Bastards, King of the World, and the Angel and the One. 	18
I hate the way [NAME] kisses people. Like smushing his face in a figure 8 on their lips. Ugh	2
Enjoy your karma	1
This is great	0
Are you not the copycat, for being the thousandth person to do this?	7
Why aren't more men getting married???	6
I hope all the best for you. Keep posting in this sub when you need help, but always run it by your physician/therapist before taking any advice 	20
>!Cosplayer Bystander!<: I always knew he was a little bitch.	3
Literally all of them have said and done MUCH worse than anything [NAME] has.	11
Lots Of Love	18
No, I’m saying that “not getting an abortion” is the default option, and takes less deliberate effort than getting an abortion.	10
Ugh I never thought I'd be someone that gets jealous about shoes, which ones did you get?	3
"I love the guy who is like ""the analogy is daft. Cheese would sink"", like that isn't the point."	18
That's just a tad frosty. I'm ready to ice skate to work on thursday amsterdam style.	13
You could wish for it to cure stupidity atleast. Obviously it doesnt.	8
*pounces on you* uwu you’re so warm	18
I’ll bet he insists he loves both of you because for him love is just serving his needs.	18
I really love [NAME]	18
I was petrified...	14
See him live if you haven’t already. One of my favorites to see in concert.	18
Thanks for clarifying!	15
> is this big news? Not really. The primary use of vit D is different.	22
I might be in trouble in this case. I have 7 years going on 8 :(	14
There. Are. No. Moderate. Republicans. Repeat this, nonstop, everytime she is mentioned. She is an extremist who pretends to be moderate.	2
Good job Clemson. You're becoming the new [NAME].	0
Everyone who is complicit in all this should be punished and questioned as to why they allowed this to happen. Complete disgrace!	12
Nope, not really	10
Hahaha, that's brilliant. Stupid and hilarious. 	1
happy birthday, have some gold!	13
Change the channel during the NFC Playoffs? Hey did you ever pay that ticket? No? Just wondering....	7
Damn, what a savage. Spoken like a true brother. X'D	0
As a closing TM, that’s terrifying. 	14
So I should definitely give up on real life is what you are trying to say huh? :(	25
is a great resource.	0
Literally. > i also dont know if i should post that here Because it's wrong? Nah, you're in the right place.	6
the whole thing, it was just hard to describe/express given how it all happened and everything. 	9
I agree. His own hair color is much better with his blue eyes.	4
The one that is a sentient being; the one that's most affected.	25
This is what I was looking for. I keep passing all the info up. I appreciate all the help!	15
I did anyway hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahhahahaa fucking rekt XD	1
Nah I like my pockets kief free	18
it is adorable that you think that	13
All good brother. Los Lonely Boys just came on and I'm jamming. Much love.	18
What if she runs back to you just for more attention but still no interest in dating?	6
great meme chief, but an NSFW marking would be nice b/c of the swastika	0
Thanks so much for typing out such an expansive, detailed response!	15
*Ugh..* You are 23 and not married - leave.	11
The worst is working with dealerships	11
I wish yall would stay off the fucking roads when youre drinking beer. Mind you, on a bike I may just get that wish after your first night out.	8
Sometimes I think it's like the movie *Shallow Hal*. You see the person for who they really are on the inside, and it's terrifying.	14
Thanks bro. This is do or die for me. Will value my streak like gold.	15
literally exactly my thoughts on this!!! also happy cake day!!	17
Thank you for this ❤️❤️🦵🏼	15
[NAME] is a legend.	0
Not having sex doesn't mean you can't talk about it especially if the ultimate goal is proper coexistence.	3
"It can get ridiculous ,too. She'll actually yell out ""stop yelling!!!"" when she's the only one yelling."	3
People with autism are awesome. Atypical, interesting, passionate, expressive, and awesome.	0
You are reduced to attacking men for their biology.	3
Oh poor guy. That’s so sad. I can see why she is an ex friend.	25
John 3:16? What are you on about? Edit: also if this is the case then why is literally every genealogy in the Torah by father?	7
nice work man	0
I like my coffee like my women.	0
What? No angelic BROWN EFFIN COW????	26
I see you're a new fan, enjoy your stay!	17
That was intentional as fuck. I don’t know how anyone could argue that after that insane contortionist layup over [NAME] last week.	2
Downtown LA has some great Spanish/Hispanic clubs that play great [NAME] music. You should try La Cita, Las Perlas, or Las Cañas. All great clubs/venues.	0
Our performance was an embarrassment and should never have happened. It's a bottom of the league style performance against top.	12
Wow, that's quite a depressing article. I agree with points being made, but slow down with the doom and gloom.	4
I can’t see her cheeks...wait a min. Oh those cheeks!!	18
Their wings are great! Huge, well breaded and sauced, comes with a nice dill ranch dipping sauce. But expensive as hell... $14 for 6 wings	0
When and where did you go to basic, I never once even saw dessert in the dfac when I went thru	7
So basically the greatest person on earth.	0
Really Nice chiaroscuro	0
Im a revolver guy so I've always admired the rhino and its low bore axis design. The Rhino and the Kimber k6s are on my list.	0
"For a second there I read the subreddit as ""furry and sad"". Pretty disappointed."	9
Thought i was already there with the terrible title.	14
I’m just shitposting dude. In the spirit of the thread “I was bored”	3
I like [NAME] Colombian. Suspiciously cheap though.	18
wow bailed tf out	0
Saw [NAME] of Big Bang Theory many years ago without makeup and she looked awful, and that was when she was pretty	0
Simultaneously terrible and awesome facial hair.	0
He's done nothing to earn trust either. He got ran out of Miami	10
Wow! Prayers for everyone there.	5
Yes but what other sources are there?	7
[NAME] has progressed so much this season. Took him a little bit to start getting his confidence but I’m a lot more excited about his future now	13
Can you show an example, or is this more of that imagined victim hood we constantly see from the party who wants less brown people around?	7
Amazing!! Congrats!	0
Better than that dumb pink look.	4
Was Netflix ever $7.99 for HD streaming?	7
I know I care about people more than animals... Im a fucking monster.	5
I don’t think you are comprehending what I’m saying.	10
They really aren’t people. They were slavers. Civilized people should have only one answer to that sort of behaviour: violence and death.	16
No one is stopping you. I will laugh at you, but go ahead. 	1
This is even remotely funny	1
See this is why they should merge r/forhonor and r/forhonormemes cause clearly it makes no difference what subreddit it’s on	3
You got a license for that sarcasm?	7
Your right. I just didn't want to go into depth out of laziness	4
Remember how we always joke about being willing to buy GameStop for like $3.50? Looks like the other corporations said the same thing.	1
Bruh I wish 😖	8
That arena is so ugly I’d be scared too	14
Did feel that one but I find it hard to tell sometimes	9
Yeah I feel like we’d be able to do *something*, just not sure what... I find it interesting as hell though! 	13
Pretty sure it’s going on in the apartment across from me right now. My neighbors are trashy	3
Same with [NAME]. I was even disappointed Parks and Rec had newt gingrich on for a cameo.	9
Why are you so fucking concerned with what someone else uses to clean their teeth? You sound like a toothpaste troll.	3
If [NAME] goes back to the Nationals their lineup and rotation are going to be nasty! I'm still hoping he lands outside of the division.	20
And they lived happily ever after.	17
Thank you for the new obsession.	15
Your inability to formulate an argument is what's most humorous. Oh great philosophers of free speech... Thanks for the laugh. Happy New Year!	15
Our federal budget is $4 trillion. Until entitlements are reformed the arguments over what things cost is irrelevant.	3
Yeah, empathy, a hell of a drug ;)	4
Same. They responded really quickly like within an hour.	4
hahaha. ask a person u hate for coffee. as an introvert with [NAME]. this cant go wrong	1
That's ignorant as all hell. Tell them to buy their own.	2
You and everybody else is free to contribute though. Unlike r/bitcoin where all of us once came from.	4
Turkey bacon is some worst processed food. Enjoy	9
That’s not how totaling works.	10
That’s adorable! I hope they stick with it!	0
Good job ignoring [NAME].	0
Must be a terrible swim team. The only thing that your neck beard does is accentuates your double chin.	14
I'm glad we picked a coach who's shown he is great at developing our young talent which is the true focus of this season	0
Hahahah holy shit, yes it does.	1
Sadly too easy to gank. Bronze brawl 4-man notices you are split pushing, you are dead.	25
That's awesome. You are a great and good person with a good heart. Never, ever change❤	0
It happens to me in relatively short streaks last one 13 days and I noticed it was a bit yellow	22
Am I the only one that likes the original better? It was cuter	18
My son told me he hates me	25
I can't say I know enough about the sport. Very possible though.	6
Yeah what kind of loser writes songs about girls	6
[NAME], thanks for playing [NAME]	15
We seriously need to use all legal and ethical means to avoid losing our nation to the fascist oligarchy. We need desperately to cut out this deep cancer.	4
I'm glad this movement has occurred. Thank you for your service	15
That's amazing! I think that's great! I wish you the best in 2019! Please keep us updated!	0
Have a good evening thank you!	15
Oh mah gawd!!	26
Is there a sub reddit for targeted memes like this?	7
Lol there’s always that one guy in the comments	1
This is awesome. Always been wanting more historically accurate representations of ancient Chinese military equipment and soldiers and not the almost fantasy level stuff seen in drama's.	0
Superbowl 42 is going to be the greatest Superbowl of all-time for a long time.	0
I've never heard him say this... News to me	4
My god. I could have written this. This exact scenario happens to me too (including waking up at 5:30 on the weekend)	26
I kept them and wish I hadn't. A pain to get rid of the further removed you are.	8
[NAME] is so good at drafting too, but he just struggles as a head coach. I’d be ok with this 	0
Unpopular opinion: Let [NAME] take the open 3s so he can become a better stretch big.	4
Out of curiosity, what does [NAME] think of [NAME]?	7
Dude, you made my day. 	17
Lol same.	1
Smoking a pipe whilst laying some pipe. Fantastic.	3
So, so good	0
Wow the delusion here is breathtaking.	0
[NAME] as Manly's top try scorer is pathetically bad.	9
Nice asimov reference	0
So you can make funny sex jokes on iFunny, obviously.	1
bruh literally same	4
That makes sense. Never thought of it like that	22
I look amazing	0
100% scam	2
I think the only person who needs to leave is you.	22
Was this at Meadowvale? I wanted to take a pic but had my gloves on	6
How has the season not even started, and Plastique already is my fav	20
Most exciting abortion I’ve ever seen.	13
Nice! I missed the Babybel.	9
That boy ain’t right	10
Ever seen Paris nowadays?	7
"I'm no [NAME] but I do use their saying, ""Hate the sin and not the sinner."" Do your very best and keep going. 🍍✌"	5
your first mistake was trying to make something look presentable while serving it in a tupperware	3
This sounds interesting	7
Why would you doubt it dumbass?	7
This is peak Dundee.	22
This is so cute and wholesome? How is this terrible	18
But what volumes does the 3rd chart speak?	7
ah, i see. yeah it’s true that the title does seem pretty flippant, though maybe the article itself is better?	4
Ah, the other kind of dog.	22
That's a giant, adorable, super-good woofer you got right there!	0
Thank you, trust me I'm extremely glad.	15
She broke that young man's toes, ankles, and knees on that fall. lol	1
[NAME]. I like those moments on Reddit when you understood the reference.	18
Brilliant movie.	0
I agree we got to look at our team, not the players we have traded... good luck to them. Go dodgers!!	4
Awesome! I'll see it ASAP. When work won't be this hectic. 😊	0
"Can I comment on the lost opportunity/remarkable restraint by [NAME] to not have a ""MLK I Have a Dream Mattress Sale"""	7
Talked about our demons after watching It's Kind of a Funny Story.	1
You didn't want to have sex with anyone before you turned 18?	7
That kinda true honestly lol. Just has more potential	4
We’re all bible on this blessed day	17
I find it really strange how people align themselves with or against a politician so strongly.	26
This is amazing	0
Ken he's 🎏 but a point worth considering. Seems so much more photos now then ever was	4
Do you mean artists?	7
Sometimes you gotta agree with the terrible Facebook memes.	4
The new beserker face ruined him for me. Made him another old, wrinkly hobo.	3
I didn't even know there were two types of strep. That's very interesting!	13
Either way, I am afraid his marriage is over. She doesn't respect him anymore...	14
I didn't know that newborn babies eat and breathe through an umbilical cord. TIL.	22
BTW does anyone watch peep show and have noticed how much [NAME] looks like [NAME]?	7
Your comment is completely irrelevant and you're trolling me in order for you to cry and whine about Detroit. Get out of here.	2
Agreed, especially considering so many pets that were once given as a gift are abandoned later anyway.	4
This one is the worst, by far	11
He’s bad	11
It is pretty disappointing when you can't pet a service dog that's cute but the rule has to be followed.	9
One of the very few individuals to survive a shot to the head. Very unfortunate since he had a couple of more good years ahead of him.	9
Lol. Imagine dying to a floating zombie	1
Grammar jokes be* my favourite	18
She shouldn’t have to fight a male.	10
Shes got no style, shes got no grace... this [NAME] has a funny face!	1
Saw it at work this morning, christ the clouds were beautiful	0
I often do this when I listen to metal. It helps vent some of the anger I feel.	4
I would think I was in a horror movie and lock the doors. Lol	17
My girlfriend always says “Them’s the rules.” And I love it. I also love “I don’t make the rules.”	18
Be prepared for many old men to hit on you	20
This has been going on for months and bypass 2018 and now it is about to end.Actually I doubt it	6
Why did he think that you work there? People visit hospitals all the time.	7
Most awkward looking super-athlete ever.	0
What dose are you taking and how long did it take to help? I've been trying the Lazarus 50mg/ml. Not seeing any obvious improvement so far.	9
I buy VHS, DVD and Blu-ray. I have a huge collection.	4
This picture is a prime example that [NAME] are intolerant douchebags who will always demonize wealth, fame, and entertainment.	11
Hi Tired, I'm Dad. And I'm very disappointed in you for following your older brother's example and becoming a trap that poses for /b/	9
Omfg the worst!! want to pull my hair out!!	11
She got me into it so not wrong lol	1
I'm really enjoying Season 3 but this would ruin it for me.	17
Kraft is the wrong kind of ass though. Even the generic stuff is better than kraft.	10
Haha I’ll try and avoid it. Nowhere currently on my list is in Alabama	1
I’m sorry to hear you’ve been cheated on.. but you’re free ! Makes it easier for NC if they found a new FP	24
Stay right there, I’m gona try it right now and report back	4
An imaginary god won't make you feel better, that's right, just the one true Living and Eternal God of Great Mercy who loves you.	18
[NAME] getting injured definitely didn’t help.Mou’s first Chelsea team was on a whole other level defensively	22
Because men are weak/stupid enough to let them.	3
Same. I played it handheld yesterday and was amazed how smooth it looks and plays 😱	0
Yay, congratulations! :D	17
What do you do for work?	7
You're going to seriously regret this in a few years.	24
Save those texts, call the cops, restraining order and no contact. You need to do this for you and the baby. 	5
Of course you have to play your cards right, but having good cards can really help you. It’s all about tact. 	4
Because learning another language is cultural appropriation. This people are pathetic.	25
Srs glad she's going to stop cancering herself	17
Sounds fun to be around her....Jk:)	1
It’s a shame there is no sound lol	1
Ok thanks ❤❤	15
..and it's awful. What a waste of money.	11
RED ALERT RED ALERT	14
i was agreeing with u/sixstringersoldier guess my analogy wasnt clear	4
You did. But I’m not arguing with a bunch of troglodytes. Have a nice day.	5
Both good and not so good, but mostly good! You should DESTROY HER. NOBODY NEEDS TO TAKE UP THAT MUCH SPACE ON THE CURB. 	3
It was so frustrating seeing him overthrow people every week. I hope he makes that a point of focus this off-season.	3
"I'm pretty sure most ""pick up"" artists in Asia pay the girls."	4
"[NAME] IS SO CUTE WITH THE ""MINE"" SdgksadGDKLSG:"	18
I was in Buckhead waiting to celebrate in the streets. Ugh. [NAME] freakin [NAME].	17
AKA great!	0
I need a loop of [NAME] falling lol	1
Can you give a source for that? I'd like to understand better.	7
Beautiful play by [NAME]. Dude gets better every game he plays.	0
[NAME] hits centre mass more often than a world class sniper. It's a fairly impressive.	0
When my [NAME] is crying...	25
Interesting ideas and has a strong argument against postmodernism	0
I think you didn't read the whole post. Go to the eye doctor.	3
Fuck me, that is good. 	2
It was balanced by also adding relics , you could have some pretty cool variations in your games if they added a system similar to both !!	4
You are entitled to live your life the way you want to. I never said you weren't. You really are just disappointing.	9
26>27 confirmed	22
Watched Split. Good but got a little spooked. Unbreakable last night, Glass tomorrow hopefully	20
I was so happy for cowboy	17
The Homestead Crater is fun. I also like the Crystal Hot Springs!	17
[NAME] was right! Best lipsync so far! That should be a double shantay and holy crap I think [NAME] may have just become my favorite queen!	13
Our games against San Fran always seem to have amazing finishes	17
These questions tell you'll be a fantastic dad! Don't sweat it too much and make sure you enjoy it. They grow up quick :)	17
For real though, TurboGraphix16 was pretty cool. They had some neat games.	0
you have zero evidence that anything in this story is fabricated. your blind cop hatred just really, really wants you to believe that.	3
Also thank you for the link.	15
Actually mommy needs to grow up and manage her own feelings.	4
That's amazing! I love this kind of thing. Birds flocking. Fireflies synchronizing.	0
I disagree. Every starting receiver [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] will have over 1k yards on the season while [NAME] cracks 2k. 	10
Wow that’s one way to get out of it for a while 🤔	13
No it’s ok. How does [NAME] feel about his mom hovering? Are there plans to move out or is this a permanent thing?	7
Oh nice. What lvl on Siege?	15
Fuck yeah, I eighteenth this. 	13
I love [NAME] and [NAME] we are so lucky	18
I'd take Florida winning it all this year, just so it's not Bama/Clemson 5	8
shucci a lil BITCH	2
No tweets from [NAME] since 10:30pm EST... twelve hours ago at the time of this writing. Oh, he must be having a GREAT time.	0
Still, it’s legal weed. Sorry, sad [NAME] here..	24
and she finished that leg of the race without getting eliminated! It was kinda impressive.	0
It has its moments, that's for sure.	4
Ugh sucker punch	3
We've always been at war with Eurasia what are you talking about?	7
Teams got some fire tonight. I like it.	4
"Wow, pulling her by her hair and throwing her on the ground doesn't exactly say ""respect me"" in any way."	10
thanks [NAME], very cool! i’m just gonna off myself tho. brain hurty juice hurty my brain too much 	15
Not starting it at that temperature is a great way to drain your car of an ability to start. Pick your poison.	0
What happened next?	7
too much internet	13
A guy tried to do this in France after the French Revolution. Did not go well.	9
I teased him about being an off center unicorn lol	1
Pulp Fiction is fucking amazing	0
Thanks [NAME]! <3 #9	15
I LOVE your glasses! I have the same color but a slightly different shape but yours really suit your face! Also I'm jealous of your hair 🤷‍♀️	18
Oh my god, zero-calorie Gatorade is a thing ^(i don't care how many chemicals are in it if its zero-calorie)	26
Thank you, I love Heart and Zeppelin and haven't seen that till now.	15
Everybody betrayed [NAME] [NAME]. I'm fed up with this world.	11
Avoid Blount St and Martin Luthur King or risk death. I’m not kidding.	3
Good minutes from bayless	0
Yeah it is getting strange. I've even been talking to a right wing poster for the last few days who is terrified of her.	4
now when I'm off work I completely forget it exists, I love it	18
My day was ok, I’ve just been watching YouTube and on twitter.	4
I don't know about that. Old Liz managed to earn around $90k over the past couple of years.	10
Luckily I never got sucked into Overwatch, because I know if I had I would definitely have an unhealthy amount of playtime racked up. 	15
This is funny, although... Some people just can't take a yolk. 	1
Makes me want to break out my 'learn to use my SLR properly' resolution again.. more time commitment tbh. Great shot.	0
When the player is reasonable with his demands and the team is reasonable with their offer, magic stuff can happen.	20
Thank you for the clarification.	15
We are like the douchebusters!	4
Problem is we don't have much else of value. [NAME], [NAME], [NAME]. We have to hope [NAME] likes THJ.	20
Agreed, but I can't believe the bottom of the barrel just has double French doors opening into the foyer of yet another barrel.	4
> but [NAME] shut her up see this is why we love [NAME] so much	18
Doesn't matter if we stop, everyone else will do it. You're telling a whole world looks don't matter, yah good luck.	4
This isnt a excuse. It affected their start last yr also.	3
Did the goat enjoy it?	7
It's mostly what kids are enjoying at the time. I know I associate Minecraft with my little brother would watch cringey Minecraft YouTube videos all day	4
That [NAME] missed layup is haunting me right now.	14
He has become that which he swore to destroy!	2
EXACTLY. Not only is it incredibly important, but it's incredibly **fun** as well. 	4
Congratulations! As a fan of impulsiveness and craziness, I could not support this haphazard mayhem more. Best of luck to you both.	15
It’s cool lol, no hard feelings	1
I love it that they're filming this with a phone or something	18
"""average good singer"" "	0
Most likely it’s not a tumour since cancerous tumours aren’t usually painful. You still should go check it out ASAP.	5
I was jumping the same gun but decided to do some googling just in case. Glad I did :)	17
[NAME] is lining up for West Ham, holy shit im excited to see this play out	13
A volley into a header. Just wow. The skills.	0
Not only your boyfriend thinks you are hot, Iike your haircut😉	18
My new favourite bromance	18
"""here's where the map completely breaks"" ""also centurion has safe heavies"" like really lmao"	1
I can't unsee it now. I wish I could, I love magic	18
yeah violence shouldn't be your goto first option, but the people who pretend words are meaningless sounds are stupid idiots	2
At least we've always got other people here who understand.	4
Noted thank you.	15
It’s insane how [NAME] hasn’t been carded yet	3
“I don’t need no more sisters, I got enough last year” *cut to shocked mid drag faces in the werk room*	3
Apologies, sir	24
I love tropical weather, it's the endless ocean and moving ship (I have bad vertigo).	18
That one little girl with her jersey, nearly jumping out of her own skin to get a high 5 is adorable.	0
£20 per child?! That is ridiculous! You can’t buy much of anything for that! I am furious on your behalf!!	2
Me too thanks!	15
That's still a fucking insane number. 70% is goddamn insanity, and the only reason you're alright with it is because you're unaffected.	26
LMAO me too! Just give us the life sentence and be done with it 🤣	1
You called [NAME] a defensive player of interest. I don't know that logic is in this topic.	6
I think this guy might be a [NAME]. It's hard to tell these days.	6
In this regard, how are babies different from neighbors?	7
Red Line guys are awesome. The Chicago office is going to be infinitely better than te New York one. So much for ditching the whole city thing.	0
great ideas!	0
Neither are sleeping adults, so it's ok to kill someone as long as they are asleep.	4
Yup, my greatest fear realized.	22
Blade and Soul looks terrible, IMO. Way way way too much saturation and bloom. Great post, OP!	0
I was already taking a break from basketball this season, but I think this really put the final nail in the coffin. This team is hopeless. 	10
Ok that makes sense. Im familiar with the term.dog whistling, just havent seen ot attached to globalists.	4
Go slowly and don’t pressure yourself but rake advantage of some adult company for an evening out if the opportunity presents itself. Best wishes	5
[NAME] is just another millionaire taking advantage of dumb people.	3
YES please! I would love to see this map back in game! So many good memories	18
hay guyz let's all hang around in a chat room about old pictures and masturbate in a circle with smug looks on our carb bloated faces	1
He's hilarious	1
??? Like a duck on a June bug?	7
this is magnificent	0
"Also, on my phone this didn't show up as a ""cross post"". Sorry!"	25
How the fuck is that not ticketable.	2
The most important part of a sacrifice is the innocence of the victim. (Even we [NAME] belive that). The unborn are the most innocent.	4
Isn't it the same thing? Or at least equally bad?	6
Same. Even while not on my period I have lower back pain	4
Good thing the lions no longer run a true 4-3	4
is that [NAME] fucking [NAME]	7
But it's still....the geographic location of Arizona haha.	1
Well I hope it works out lol. We really need help in that department	20
Yes you can start working. Just use those bags, but don't bother with the prompt on the dashboard.	4
No, absolutely not. How bout if you have more to lose you be more careful about not breaking the law. 	5
Beautiful Work! You take doing [NAME] work quite literally:)	0
Awesome!!!	0
The woman types like she isn’t a native speaker of English. Which worries me immensely.	9
I mean, OP is consenting and asking for it, it's better to let them be	4
I feel retarded because i laughed	1
I enjoy it as well, there's dozens of us!	17
I’m sorry that happened to you but it’s I can imagine I know if it was me I would forever feel Guilt.	24
**Zigzagzigal-type Balance Suggeestions** - I feel like you are flying, why not get into a war with China who, because they had no alternatives.	3
I’m just not sure why he thought I’d find it attractive, it deserves an attaboy at best	0
Where is this video on Doesn't seem to be on any of the pages I loaded.	6
Poor [NAME]. Give him some Enfamil. He will feel better soon.	5
That was brutal.	2
while her other suitor looks like a decent guy, looks good, trying to be a good bf.	0
"""YOU BUNCHA BASTARDS"" is one of my favorite quotes hahaha"	1
That looks like a fun group	17
It’s horrible for me, way worse than your situation. Be Glad that you aren’t me	14
Thank you. For some reason I thought it had been released in all markets.	15
Why is [NAME] still getting minutes? He is probably the worst player on this roster.	9
This made me laugh.	1
Even after the initial testing? Thank you!	15
"would I be correct to refer to this as ""pop feminism?"" I think we're talking about the same thing when I say that."	7
You're a bit of a wet wipe aren't you?	6
Great anime though. [NAME] awesome.	0
Lets see if [NAME] cares about playing hard in [NAME] return to LA. I think we can win if our players actually play hard and care.	20
Hers are just terrible. I’ve seen the look great on other people.	0
:) this made me smile. I laughed so hard at the blinker fluid part. You and [NAME] are proof that not all heroes wear capes.	1
Makes sense, but I imagine if they wanted the land that badly theyd just buy it off him	4
Just eat it after. Lol. Im kidding, but it would honestly be the best recycling option. Not that anyone is going to do it. 	1
I’m glad I had a few margaritas before I read this	23
are you fcking serious sis	26
Beat me to it. Just because the news makes it seem like there is a pandemic of school shootings, it is exceedingly unlikely to happen.	10
Snorting them might be what kept her from having a lethal overdose, snorting benzos is pretty much a waste as most of it barely absorbs.	19
For fun!	17
sorry for the dumb question, but where do the pagers get their signal from? Are there still emitter around or do cellphone towers this job now?	6
In all seriousness, glad you're all okay and that you shared this awesome story. Congrats btw. 	15
I'm not to proud of them right now. I'm mad at them ☹☹ But big ups!!	3
Wow. My first comment here (I think) is met with hate! Ouch!	13
Someone being kinda mad is undoubtedly better than someone having their tongue ripped out	4
No, they don’t. No morning after pills/contraception pills are free, even at the clinics	10
Yeah but everyone dies so that makes no sense lol.	1
I feel terrible but I do this too, or watch obese people doing mukbangs	14
*[NAME] playing the world's saddest tune on the world's biggest violin.*	25
I can help.	4
So THATS how he got the room for that backhanded top 10 nhl goal...	22
Glad you are resting better, and as for your friend he deserves the brownie points. 	17
If we were in the same city we could've hung out. Happy new year to you. You're not alone in being alone.	5
[NAME] is so goddamn good	0
And I also appreciate you.	15
Happy Cakeday! I met my partner of 6 years at a London [NAME] meet-up 🤩	13
Alexa this is awesome play eye of the tiger	0
Thanks! There are so many resources available. Thank you for telling me about one that actually helped you	15
ya lol i’m not here to depress myself more than i already am	1
I feel like [NAME] will have a great bounce back game tonight	0
Exactly. That's why I'm watching his videos as well. ;)	4
Why do all the animals look terrifying oh god oh fuck	6
Wow you’re cool	0
Don't worry - there's only one barely known movie to his credit. Pretty easy to avoid.	5
I just don't know whether to believe if this is achieveable at this age.	6
Sadly they aren't in control. [NAME] is and he'll always do the worst possible thing.	25
Would love to see them both in the same side	18
Sorry for late reply Rosetta is an actual name, it is different than Noctis, Rosetta doesn't hit you like a cricket bat when you hear it.	24
I can only imagine the mud butt that comes with a bowl of DQ chicken and DUMPlings	3
if he is strong, he won't need to quit job	4
Where exactly is the irony? His name is not [NAME], and the title, bio, and picture contain no related jokes. 	7
Ok maybe I should watch Tangled	8
Only all the time. As of a few years ago it’s been impossible for me to do it, which is discomforting to say the least.	3
Oh no, the horror. Look, a pause! Let's start CPR! Those nurses, probably	14
Ah thanks. Well hopefully he can do better with [NAME].	15
You realize everyone sees you REEEEEEing all over the place right? You can act nonchalant all you want but obviously youre one salty sea dog	2
no wonder i never noticed because i skip the pilot everytime i restart the series	22
Interested in Carlton stuff.	4
Thank yoooouuuuu ❤️	15
What the Fuck?	2
The goodest human	0
Oh. That's an... Interesting username. :	0
You're pushing me to adopting irrational and nonsensical beliefs! dogs are cats now!	3
Lilo and Stitch is one of my favorites. I really want to go buy a stuffed Stitch to hug now.	18
Honestly i have no clue. Just got my feelings hurt by the mean things he was saying to nurk and wanted to cyberbully him in response	9
Thanks, it was no effort at all.	15
I only use freedom units, sorry.	4
Thank you, really. I always thought so, but it’s nice when other people see it too.	15
Be safe.	5
Oh great now Soda is screaming again just what I needed.	0
True, and so sad to see. Somewhere along the way, the governing of a country my mutual consensus turned into a national sport with 2 teams.	25
You're welcome! Happy New year!	15
lakers bout to get KAT fucked now	2
See [NAME] this is the problem, I don’t know if you’re talking about cutting people in half or halving the population	6
Sodaman going sicko mode	3
Except it destroyed 76% of America's scooby snack production. May Shagster have mercy on us all.	25
Amazing notes. Posts like this is what make us feel that we are not alone in our struggles.	0
Oh thanks I didn’t pay really attention haha	15
I was thinking that as well after I posted. Some nasty stuff settles on ceiling tiles.	11
Nope I’m not exposing my kinks to Reddit 😂	10
Amazing, my friend 🙏 	0
it’s a sensitive topic and she probably took it as if smelling bad lol. i’d just avoid saying that	1
I love democracy, that's why I hate antidemoratic institutions like the EU.	18
I’m sorry :(	24
The joke doesn't even have anything to do with the song.	10
I like Brown Sugar	18
Yeah I was citing the wrong statistic here. Thanks for posting this.	15
Is that listing not supposed to be a joke?	6
Glad those underprivileged West Loop kids will finally have something nice to take advantage of.	15
Been saying this shit for years. Sorry not sorry	24
Hope your friend is okay.	20
Damn *fabulous*!	13
thank [NAME] that period is over, pretty sure the lightning had like -89 shots that period	23
Wow good on you! I hope to have similar progress this year. How’d you do it?	13
Look! More complaining about people complaining, thus compounding the issue! What a happy little circle-jerk : ) You guys will never stop.	3
I love the thing. My jeans get all loose feeling after I wear them awhile. I feel skinnier when my jeans fresh.	18
I really love watching this one more than the goals.	18
"As if any of those words mean anything other than ""give me what I want or I'll socially shame you!"""	12
Wasn't that just a mass shooting? Or am I thinking of another college massacre?	7
I’m afraid it will eventually go that way.	14
I don't think I'll ever love anyone or anything as much as I love a nice cyst pop.	18
OK. That is really weird.	4
Lucasfilm never once said he was ancient or all powerful. [NAME] did, but that was an actor trying to build up hype for his character	0
I regret that I have but one upvote to give for your post. Very powerful.	24
The US version of The Office isn’t even the best version of The Office, never mind the best comedy ever.	10
good to know. thanks!	15
Cuck you're implying I'm vulnerable and submissive??! Hahhhaaaaaaa. You're the cuck here, the young incel loser	1
Insipid shite so far. We look mid-table.	3
Nice of them to come check on you.	0
Yup ^ If it isn’t working now, it won’t work later. He needs to grow up, and you need to move on!	5
Got any evidence that he did? Yeah. Neither did anyone else. You leftists are really too gullible for your own good.	7
This is actually one of the most retarded things I’ve ever seen. Good post op	0
I wonder if these little creatures with their big bulgy eyes ever poke themselves in the eyes accidentally.	26
Shocking isn’t it	26
[NAME] blows. Be happy she’s gone	17
I came here to tell you that this wins this sub and I’ll never be able to finish reading it.	0
Put that back where it came from or so help me...	3
It was more of a sarcastic ‘lol yeah right’. Nothing funny about wanting to harm my cat or control my life.	1
>more money than you I seriously, *seriously* doubt that. >doing something before this guys are outta the country Prove it.	2
Idk what dumbass downvoted you, somatotypes are bullshit lol	3
Those refs were terrible, god damn. GG Buckeyes, it was much closer than the score suggests.	14
Is it survival? If so I'd love to join!	7
Idk why anyone would think PMing abusive messages is above the law on reddit.	3
Ballroom Blitz. Thank me later.	15
He came flying out of nowhere for that. I was impressed.	0
Who should read?	7
I've been waiting years to see them (specifically [NAME])!!	7
The content is a rambling mess.	6
I am happy to receive constructive advice. If someone is short, or not constructive, I will react to it.	17
Oh man I was being facetious It annoyed me so much	3
I'm so jealous. I'm in NYC for a year and the lack of King Cake is giving me actual depression.	9
Can't even put on dress pants now without turning back and checking for my parents.	3
Good luck! If you do need to get her, you just gotta fuse together a Bicorn and a Jack Frost.	20
omg lke ikr	13
haha, actually haha	1
that was the part that got to me first. ouchie.	4
I get you...	5
Oh wow!!!	26
This is pretty bad advice. Do not use dreams own encryption. And do not use things such as igolder	10
stuff is incredible on fried chicken	0
Except [RELIGION].	6
Sadly I know lots of peeps that would find this dude hot. He has that LA 90’s Persian chic thing going for him	25
Your comment from exactly 40 days ago was, “Your mom.” I wouldn’t recommend you eat your words. 	4
you fucking moron	2
Saint and Eagles was the only interesting game.	4
I'd be more than happy to indulge this toothache.	17
I’m surprised they find toothpaste still	26
>I clearly have no fuck I clue what I'm doing hire someone	6
Most GH now is fake. The real stuff is exorbitantly expensive.	10
People love him on Yelp:-)	18
Careful, he's a hero	5
Dude. This is exactly what happened to me. I hope you’re doing well. Hang in there.	20
I'm looking at that scene like a tribute to TWAU2's demise	0
That's wonderful! As you're learning to accept and love yourself as you are, so will your followers! Don't give up and good luck!	0
I love you [NAME]!	18
oh wow never heard of that in my life sorry	24
Sorry guys, accidentally sold 10,000k	24
I try and avoid that entire mall. Hahaha	1
"""they can't come through the port"" He's obviously never seen The Wire"	10
Yes, I know, I read the article, thanks. I'm not sure why you're quoting that, it doesn't change anything I said.	15
“I am on the verge of exploding in my pants” “Hehe you’re cute :)” -her	1
Sure! You had my curiosity; now you have my attention...	7
I also love Dallas Observer's Concert Calendar by day:	18
Seriously? That’s so frustrating. It was [NAME] time to go, some of these “fans” are disgusting.	11
Can’t wait for this match	13
thanks for answering!	15
I seriously don’t get how these refs allow everything to go in the first half, but the slightest touch is a foul in the second. 	3
I love your username	18
Ok my apologies then!	24
Glad it was helpful!	15
And that’s assuming all your organs are in good condition, if you smoke or drink heavily you are likely losing lots of value.	5
Im looking for this, but I predict a 3-1 win to barça. I really hope [NAME] doesnt bore me	20
What is that exactly?	7
I guessed that but I’ve never seen a bun like that	22
Ahh going to bother me I remember it. Let me do some research!!	3
You have nothing to lose by going to the police now. They may help with the restraining order, shelter, etc.	5
Well the. Today I stand correctly informed. Thank you	15
How is Canada going?	7
> Then and only then might you receive ~~a tip~~ **whatever change we have leftover from our grand expenses.**” FTFY. Sadly.	25
you can use your inhuman orang-utan strength to tear them from limb to lim thats an option	4
Thank you [NAME]	15
I watched the Lego thing with my 7 year old cousin and I was surprised at how quickly I became invested in it.	26
Good for you, maybe some day you'll come to an understanding of each other but familiarity breeds contempt.	5
Just eat your goddamn vegetables, [NAME]!	3
[NAME] damn it [NAME]!	3
you beat me to it. Take your fucking upvote	2
Oh yeah, thanks, sorry for the confusion, good thing someone called their bullshit :)	15
Being a [NAME] is no different from being a [NAME]. Both have caused genocides. I hate how our society only focuses on one though!	11
Out of curiosity, what will he be working on and how is it different from your role?	7
I wonder if the formal letter from the psychiatrist will help if cops just decide to shoot her first :(	26
the into is the real cringe - good find!	0
Yeah! We should have given him justice by believing in claims with no merit! Yeah. Btw. [NAME] raped me 30 years ago! Get him!	25
Good for you for sharing... It must of been very very hard... Good luck in yr journey	20
Had no idea, they refused this type of deal in the past with other companies.	6
I knew it would be easy to trigger /r/movies peace out homies	23
Shame the 'all in' doesn't apply to managers. He has hired some duff managers over the years.	3
We got 6 (: She had us carry them out for her. There were some interesting items in the car.	7
BUT GUIS I THOUGHT [NAME] WAS PRO GUN? This should put the final nail in anyone still foolish enough to think that.	6
I like putting myself in the girl's shoes so I love romances.	18
Please boycott them! I'd love some shorter queues.	18
The brick details actually look good. Everything else - ehhhhhh.	0
I know it's easy for me to say because it wasn't me but money is money. We can always make more. Really sorry dude.	24
Got married so I don't have to worry about it.	23
I had a crush on this guy ever since I saw him as the mad hatter on OUAT.	18
Funny enough, I'm a Braves fan from CT whose main football team is the saints... So I don't like this post one bit. 	17
I wish someone would do this for me.	8
Thank you!!!! for being one of the sound minded people here.	15
I use Firefox with my 5 extensions and one tab, 400MB of RAM being used. I use Chrome with the same conditions, a whole fucking gigabyte. 	3
Sorry. But I think I DO have a right to an opinion broseph...	4
This is fantastic. Great work! [NAME] looks adorable and the little finger framing action from [NAME] is an excellent touch.	0
Nice work!	0
o.o I want to be able to drop 30k on presents. [NAME]: Sounds fun.	1
Haha this the best [NAME] answer to this question. Right to the point. <3	1
Sending you warm wishes :) <3	5
That’s what really kills me - thinking about this from our daughter’s perspective. Thank you for this. ❤️	15
The fact that you think like this is terrifying.	14
Sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry	24
Yeah, sorry I don't know British or Canadian.	24
I'm just living through you as you use shower comebacks in real life. Glorious...	0
U dumb.	2
[NAME] damn it, I knew something was wrong, oh well.	2
They're not going to read their UserVoice anyways. It's a PR stunt.	10
You were shot by a Vigilante!	26
Thanks! I appreciate the kind words :)	15
Lol don’t act like you care if you aren’t willing to back it up. Cheers	1
It's practically non existent. Im mostly afraid to initiate a hug because I'm afraid I don't know/forgot how to hug.	14
It's sad that nearly everything seems ok as long as [NAME] told you to do it.	25
Ohhh, thank you for correcting me 😊	15
Food is wonderful	0
"""Yeeaah, I know you're homeless and all but apartments are actually really boring. My most beautiful memories were all made outside in nature."""	9
The happiest of birthdays to you, [NAME]!	17
Imagine ur mom doing that I’m crying	25
Your brain is confusing itself. Try not to think about it too much. It's.. real weird to consider.	6
You're FUCKING JOKING	1
Oh that sucks good luck man	20
Problem is, it is Bantam and younger. I can teach breakouts easy enough and I don't need a panicked D zone to do it.	2
Tbf I don't think you can get much snakier than wishing for someone's pet to die	10
if you look closely, the joke is people fighting on the internet for literally no reason	1
I'M MOTIVATED!	20
I love how debt can now fully destroy hum after this move	18
A supposedly professional article banging on about gammons and insulting people's appearance. Not an impressive display of journalism, just a pathetic blog designed to preach to the choir.	10
People on the internet take shows too seriously. The average fan is not like that	10
Happy birthday [NAME]!	17
He really likes Babylon 5	18
Just kidding man 😂😂	1
Oh thats weird. It opens the google maps app installed on my phone so i dont have that problem.	11
Hope that helped. :P	20
was it a serious injury? like bleeding on the brain? If so then it could be legit.	7
That’s an early contender for title of the year 2019. Bravo.	0
Best rapporteur ever? [NAME] and [NAME] from Outkast.	7
Welcome to freedom! It takes time but you will be stronger than ever! Stick to NC, I cannot express how essential this is!	20
Coq was great man...	0
I always thought he was a student that took school too seriously (when I was younger of course)	22
Yes that was abuse.	2
Im on an SNRI, desvenlafexine, and it has honestly been life changing. I have zero side effects from it, whereas SSRIs made me worse 	3
1k followers on Twitter. Seem to have no sponsors. Not looking good	9
I’m sorry if I hurt your fragile ego, you should get off the internet lol	1
Best summary of the situation right here.	0
Is that program reciprocal for the University of Minnesota? If so, that's pretty cool.	6
Obviously the super sisters will save her.	5
Thanks I don't know why it didn't load for me on my phone.	15
I don't think we've seen his full potential yet. With [NAME] we have, he can be really good. It's just rare nowadays...	4
But they did they say excited to bring their current roster to Columbus...	13
"He had to say, ""But alas"" which makes this soo funny."	1
Men are disadvantaged literally everywhere.	4
I think that you might just need to wait a little for the right significant other to show up	4
To this day, I get nervous reading anything with [NAME] name in it	19
Then why can't we claim a fetus on our taxes?	7
I REALLY love martini glasses. But not this much.	18
Very nice!! I love your art! What journal is this? I love the texture on the pages.	0
Lol...I was thinking the exact same thing.	1
I know a dozen local school administrators. What the hell are you talking about?	2
I caught that little tidbit too. Very unbiased. Very factual.	4
Happy to not only have the same birthday as him, but to also have a ball he threw into the stands after the middle of the 9th inning. 	17
You sick fuck it has heads and arms we can’t eat that.	2
I have no friends.	25
thats adorable aw	0
Loving the things you do is a good start. it's easier than loving yourself, but it slowly leads into it. 	4
I got an unsolicited text from wal-mart earlier today and I almost went into orbit. Spam texts are completely unacceptable.	10
Wanna trade lives? I'd gladly take normal height with hair and have the same experience.	17
[NAME] damn you're dedicated.	0
I know it’s perfectly cooked but something just grossed me out about it. Oh well	22
I am so upset for you and your family. She knew what she was doing, which makes this even more horrifying.	9
Can't believe people like this actually exist.	26
He was transgender or wanted to be as well. Super rare case in a few ways.	8
Shut yer mouth libtard and get yer MAGA on! /s	2
Good job!	0
This is a weird thing to be concerned about.	11
I wouldn't count out Scotland in the quarters. They're playing well and have given the US headaches in the past.	0
Didn’t intend for it to be, just having a bit of fun because the dog was ironically let loose. 	1
I mean, yes. But in terms of real dollars, they will still pay a lot more taxes than before.	4
Had surgery at 3mnths old to fill a pinhole in my back (spinabifida) Cutting myself after some severe postpartum depression	25
> its exactly the opposite of what I do to get a girl in the mood This is super creepy	10
Yeah she really didn’t. It’s prob for the best even though it’s tough right now. Thank you	15
>he's also super handsome *( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)*	0
I wish to be apart of them one day	8
She just missed her shot at a champagne douche.	9
Good. Now all that is required is that people don’t show up.	0
Yeah, that’s what I meant. My bad.	4
Life will always get better regardless of ones situation or condition or whatever, life will indeed get better. It might take a while but it will. 	20
At what point in your life did you realize you weren’t into it? (I’m also not into it)	7
damn, i always get in on these too late	9
okay I just checked and OMG IT's SO TRUE (mostly) I really am a [NAME] <3	26
I'm NoT LiKe ThOsE oThEr DeSiS.	10
[NAME] and [NAME] are the only reason to tune in at this point. Happy birthday!	13
he wanted to piss off his neighbor next door that yells at people fir walking in his grass.	3
Ya, he’s a lot better. If someone maxes dlo that will be the new [NAME] contract.	4
i would not vote for him	10
Thanks a lot. That will give me some things to google.	15
That...felt good...can I cry on your shoulder?	25
That fact that sub has so many subscribers hahahahaha	1
What was it?	7
you can't damage anything other than on foot players right now, no turrets, no vehicles, no objectives, it has been bugged since the december update	3
I assume so, in some form. I also hope they show us more up close of their big city as barely shown in some episode I forget. 	20
If I told you, that would defeat the purpose of censoring. Let's just say it's clearly libellous.	3
Lmao. Dude, I was thinking the exact same thing. 	1
I think it’s a physical comfort preference having to do with the cut/shape, rather than an aesthetic preference.	4
uh, i don't see the correlation between tons of rape and murders in Georgia and the rich needing to be taxed more, but i do agree.	4
Thank you so much! ♥️	15
This is the most early 2000s thing ever. I love it.	18
The third was fun with the [NAME] & [NAME] banter, but my vote still goes to S1 for being mostly faithful.	17
Just got back from Orlando to Chicago yesterday. I have a good feeling about this one!	17
I'm tall but no one is attracted to me, because I'm ugly, I have a big nose and ears.	12
I love the idea of a farm school. I'd totally do that if I could.	18
I don't think my town has a market.	10
Thanks haha. I really do feel sorry for my friend here... At least the group he accidentally asked is pretty much all furries	15
She's hot.	0
[NAME] so good. What a gem.	0
Ugh I have to hope the god damn Leafs win tonight, what a world it is we're living in. 	20
That depends. Do you have 4 legs?	7
Lol not your picture mate	1
Ditto. I never pay attention to who’s posting comments I disagree with. What difference does it make?	10
You need to tell the poor girl it was you not her lol	1
She’s a good person who stands up for people not like her, and they can’t stand that.	0
You crush them up	2
This has been well used. Thank you for your service Sir.	15
Peace be with you	5
"Claims to be ""against sexist [NAME] bros"" Hires a sexual abuser as her top advisor"	3
[NAME], like people making minimum wage are worried about 10% off at their Walmart.	1
Have fun with that nos canister!❤️	1
And they could have kids... yeah sorry. I’m dumb	24
*hugs my teddy bear and starts crying*	5
I am impressed with how fast he located the position of the camera, that takes real skill inside Amway..	0
r/choosingbeggars boy is it frustrating yet hilarious	1
Blizzard was working with Activision long before Hots. I'm afraid its too late now, to divorce.	14
Thanks. I unlocked them 5 min ago. Just placed them in front of driving tanks and killed some infantry with the MG‘s.	15
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂you win the internet today 😅😅😅😅😅😂😂😂😂😂😂	4
And how did that turn out for [NAME]?	7
Yeah I was more poking fun of the fact he won the NHL leadership award last year.	1
you are delucional.	10
yeah, [NAME] is who i was talking about :( love her but soon as she starts talking about baby stuff, i'm out	18
I Like [NAME]	18
Is your friend a carny? It’s okay if they are in just curious?	7
A reason to play the game every 3 month?	7
Awesome. Glad to hear it	0
[NAME] I wish that was me	8
I walked 500 miles and then I walked 500 more, you can’t relate to my pain 😤	25
Wow calm down	26
Who else thought [NAME] looked stunning last night	7
I'm afraid I'm gonna have to go with what he said about an hour ago. Unicorns. He just ruled out any sort of	14
So pure I'm smiling :)	17
Im surprised those ebrats who tried to steal your step daughter's board didn't complain to the mom about it.	26
Wonder what the sub’s average age is.	26
Shocked we didn't take him back and plunk him in the minors.	26
You're right my bad, I am just trying to find out what it is.	7
Ah thanks 👍🏻	15
"Update: All is well with the old man. Thanks for letting me vent in a ""creative way."""	15
Just happened to me lol	1
[NAME] is getting very unhinged I almost feel bad for him at this point	25
I mean I like the park and I was surprised by that poll too	26
It’s really sad to see	25
Funny.. I mean real funny looking.	1
"Translation: ""I have no argument so here's a rude comment""."	2
Oh my [NAME]...	26
Well I wish we could all get along too.	8
It’s crazy that people know this and yet rake [NAME] over the coals for not wanting to talk to [NAME].	3
This is in vaucluse ?	7
Right. I am more focused on the length of the relationship vs their age.	4
"""This is good. What is it?"" ""Es carne de burro."" ""Heh, my name's [NAME]."""	4
Cannot confirm i don’t see any dictatorship yet	6
I'm so afraid to weigh myself. I'm gonna have to do it soon though 😭	14
I hope you like it-	20
Hey, we all love South Park friend.	18
Wasn't there some sort of human Cylon orgy in The Plan or am I misremembering? Because I have bad memories of [NAME] and sexytimes.	6
I’m as terrified of Mr. [NAME] just as much as any sane person but I don’t think we should *burn* him...	14
Well now I am super pumped! [NAME] I hope AA doesn’t disappoint us	20
What’s a matter? I thought you liked faces.	7
It's just sad; she was just nice and normal before she messed with her looks	25
And the purse tacos!! Need that midday snack!	8
I feel a little sad for her. That she thinks the only options or something to do is having kids. Fuck her tho.	25
Sounds good to me.	0
BITCOIN SEND MONEY INSTANTLY (waits 6 months to get money and still praises site)	2
I'd like to see it set during the [NAME] conquest of China, That'd be cool	8
accept no substitutes	4
What a goal	0
No worries. I'll look into this for sure.	4
So good.	0
Looks really good! TY! Will watch it tonight	15
OK, thanks I'm gonna delete it and post it in another sub reddit.	15
They shout it near the end. Listen for WAAAAAAALLLLLL	13
Happy New Year.	17
I would cheer hard for a Cyborg win in that tourney.	13
I am not at all familiar with the gibbed audio extractor but I'd have to imagine those lines are in the Citadel DLC files.	6
I wonder if NBCSN allows for the crowd to take more of the sound space	7
I find this super relateable, I had no idea others felt the same way. 	4
They made the same few songs over and over again. Problem is I love those songs so I'm not too bothered. Personally love them.	18
Thank you.	15
Nets well run? Should I being bring up the trade?	7
..how is he not? better == good	7
Leafs would have won this game if it wasn’t for that bullshit overturn.	9
My aim in battlefornt 2 is pretty good = navy seal, elite unit	13
The [NAME] trade to get [NAME] wasn't too shabby either.	22
The next year: Well, sequel time already, huh? Welcome back, I guess.	20
Just got home from work, do we really have 4 goals on 8 SOG?	7
Hah, much appreciated! :)	0
The sun will probably rise tomorrow.	20
Sucking [NAME] pecker! They're no respect for your dignity! Suck it!!!!	3
Not one bit surprising, yet also not really a men’s rights issue	26
Oh haha I didn't see that!	1
it's funny how conservatives always say that leftists get angry over everything when conservatives get angry over a starbucks cup or a brown man existing	2
Aaaand everybody got diarrhea. Thanks dummy	25
The parallel to the mistake you're making is so apparent I no longer believe you're discussing this in good faith.	3
I hope they meet someone who changed their name to Dad	20
Man a 29 year old broner can't beat a 40 year old pressure fighter, broner sucks 	9
Burn through ALL THE DATA	2
Some, I assume, are good people.	4
YES! I LOVE Olaplex :)	18
I will. Thanks!	15
How can someone reply without contributing anything meaningful to the conversation.	7
Wait, did they get married at the detention center? Why is she exiting with a bouquet? 	7
Welcome home, and welcome to the front lines!	13
Ironic. He could save others from death, but not himself.	16
Not out of a trash can though, surely? That'd be disgusting.	11
Thank you. I needed to hear this. Currently kinda spiraling pretty bad	15
Surely a ferry could be more cost effective and fun than that.	4
This comment killed me. RIP in pieces.	16
"I felt it once, then I quickly realised I was horribly mistaken when someone better came. There's no such a thing as ""the one"""	24
I thought I was the only knicks/browns fan on this sub! That's cool. But yeah I love hearing him and clyde do broadcasts	18
You’re right. With IDs coming temple desk workers will look an awful lot like TSA workers.	4
Gawd but [NAME] is a bitch.	2
I'll be honest - I just want new stories. Not prequels. Doing things in the past are just too limiting with storytelling.	4
The complexity of the killie boo boys is fascinating	0
This should help, especially 3.1: too: New Year and best of luck in reaching your goals!	20
Yeah I regret ever moving to Leduc. It's one of the most backwoods, proud-to-be-ignorant communities I've ever seen.	24
I’m guessing you don’t take bad news lightly. I’m sorry bud :/	24
> their personal choices and clothing are distinct from their legislation and policies. This has got to be a fucking joke. What universe do you live in?	1
That was fun	17
this is painful	25
Why not touch them? then don't shove people out of lifts. that's hardly civil. just WAIT and let people get off.	3
Doesn't look like any 12 year old I've ever seen.	26
She was! Her “Breathe” was phenomenal.	0
I've never seen a more adorable tumble	26
I'm am L O L ! Beautiful! Use that brain. It's a good one. ~toktomi~	1
For goodness sake give [NAME] a rest. After the last game he said he was so tired from running so much.	5
Thanks, I'll keep that in mind for sure. After I get my Cadians and Lizardmen finished up I'm gonna start looking into Bolt Action	15
What a great read, its interesting to look at things from that perspective. 	0
She’s beautiful! 💙	0
That kid checking to see if he was still wearing a helmet made me laugh.	1
because it’s funny	1
It’s a joke...	1
Thank you, I'll try my best. At least i'm not binging while i'm here.	15
Out of curiosity, is this notion backed up by any evidence?	7
"There's a bit of room between ""not loving sub-zero temperatures"" and ""never going outside."""	10
It really do be like that	18
Suffer? I’d say that’s an interesting word to use. Hopefully they are replaced by automation.	20
It look like so much then I realized that I don’t leave my house	22
Trier [NAME] chemistry looking nice	0
Just looked them and and found the perfect one for him thanks!	15
I love this and him. What a good dude.	18
This is the greatest analogy	0
Bahaha I wish! I copied and pasted it off the internet but yeah that’s some serious research	8
Oh what a day! What a lovely day!	17
I think it looks great	0
I love you, 125.	18
cool vid! but	0
That's some bitchy whore	2
I just don’t like him 😂	2
U get an updoot from one sad person to another	25
I like watching old shows and movies and seeing old brands and how the logos and stuff changed.	0
Gives me physical pain thanks	15
Don't the [NAME] generally accept inerrancy? It was the universal position of the Church Fathers.	4
Soon: Mass death of pink-skinned Aussies.	11
Unfortunately, on the stupid official Reddit mobile app it doesn’t work. I miss my Android and Reddit Is Fun app	3
It gives me a weird feeling as someone not named [NAME]. It's a very heeby jeeby inducing phrase.	19
2.5%? That not so great for [NAME].	9
Last 30 seconds where [NAME] and [NAME] were silent to listen to the crowd gave me chills. Such a fun game and team! Aho is my dad	0
Sadly, it was not	25
Celtic das really are a different breed. If this is how they react to one loss, our next title is going to be fun.	20
As a PPD mommy myself, you're my [NAME]! Thanks for this... Thank you for reminding me how amazing us mommies truly are!!	15
Lmao all these othr trades happened so I think it's a silly marketing ploy.	1
Yea I guess I did. I forget how popular the bulls brand is overall. I just hate when people call others dumb because they talk/tweet in slang.	11
Actually that's the wrong guy. The guy you're thinking of is in prison now facing life. This guy sucks just as bad though..	10
Haha the death and suffering here! Haha he had kids! Haha he was a philanthropist! Haha you might be a sociopath.	1
I’m anti theist. That’s as supportive as I could have gotten. Haha	1
What did the dyslexic atheist insomniac do last night? He stayed up all night wondering if there was a dog	26
Weird. It always makes me horny.	6
They as in men lol	1
Wow, I read that years ago, but I didn't realize it was about Narcs.	22
Get him back -- as in figure out what went wrong and see what you can do	5
Thanks! I ordered some and let them know I'm traveling so I think I'm pretty set	15
You stole an Instagram meme? For shame	12
No I didn't take it that way. My apologies if my comment appeared to be taking a shot at you.	24
Theesomes won't make someone monogamous more open to solo stuff.	10
Honest to [NAME] make it stop, it's old news at this point omg.	10
I am sorry but you have to accept your reality. Thare ain’t nobody here who can help you on this problem. Just call 병무청 ASAP	25
I wish people like this would die in massive flaming wrecks	8
Makes me want to go shit on the doorstep of 540 Hampshire Street (Good2go HQ)	11
We don't do that here	10
I bow to the mighty OP, this is perfect	0
I was expecting “little boys pants would always be ‘half off’!” But that would be in r/unclejokes	1
Tailoring is a god send and honestly not all that expensive, typically.	0
Wait so the aboleth only kills you if you dont do what the dm says	3
100% feel for you. I may be exaggerating slightly but still it’s all these little disadvantages that we get put at because of this ping.	5
Disturbing =/= awful. Its incredibly well done by a professional. I feel like this sub is more for unintentional awfulness, not purposeful shock value/ theatrical makeup.	11
Oh my god, I'm so glad this wasn't just me. I thought my YouTube was broken!	23
Fuuuck, brutal	2
Lol. It's funny cause people might do it.	1
That's all good, thanks for commenting.	15
my favourite kind of cookies.	17
ahah I hadn't even thought of it until the scenario I mentioned above, so dont feel too bad.	25
(apparenlty) a lawyer sending incriminating text message to a paralegal. this has to be really bad lawyer...	11
Pro? Everyone does is and that makes it even more rude.	3
You consider 15-17 year olds people too!?! Thanks, i suppose!	15
They're all bad enough to be lumped in to the same category? You either have very high standards, or none at all.	11
Ignorance is bliss	17
Chuckle worthy. It's funny. There's at least structure to set up the punchline.	1
Good sense of humor!	0
You have terms where the other person can't hang out with someone of the opposite sex? How is it gaslighting?	7
Wow, I just googled it and holy shizz that's an insane difference.	13
good luck!!	15
Well fuck. Just glad to get the point outta that	17
I hate watching [NAME] play I can tell before he steps over half when he’s gunna shoot or pass. His BB IQ is atrocious	2
Hope for the best but still work as hard as we can.	20
Last time I tried to post, my post was deleted because I didn't have enough karma, wasn't even that long ago...	9
Guys. I think OP blew burns in college and wants to feel better about it.	3
Neon carrot is amazing and great for your body.	0
They will never find your body... MORE beautiful than all of your loving friends you wonderful person!	0
I would like to say that I see plenty of people in their young adult life that are still incapable of living on their own.. lol	1
Aw poor kid. At least he has a bomb-ass name. Too bad he probably doesn't remember it anymore.	9
Just said so casually...lol!	1
Laughed my balls off	1
Lol, thank you for my first upvote and for contacting the mods. 	15
I killed you in VR once. I loved it.	18
Get the app - has your combat record and recent match stats..don’t understand the problem.	6
Somebody should make this a smaller video to share it around, this poor kid is going through a lot.	25
My favourite book, the writing is beautiful. Very much a precursor to 1984.	0
> I don’t understand the boot-licking mentality Calling it in 5 years. That's your future AP.	6
Meanwhile Monokuma: Everything is free if you just become the blackened and get away with it	8
Ahh didn’t know that. Thanks!	15
This is so good!!	0
Lol!!	17
It was a few years ago now, I’m afraid I don’t have it or I would.	14
I'm disappointed in you too.	9
She doesnt mind! I'm her favorite person!	4
I prefer boyfriend over partner any day lol	1
Ok 🤷‍♀️ I believe in you, you can do it. 	4
i do not like the dollar store [NAME].	3
Hot dang, this almost makes me want to go to the dentist. 	13
Well that's an awful superpower to have. Maybe you could fix [NAME] tho.	10
Great, now I look dumber than I normally am	0
Then he should have had his head up. This is hockey, not figure skating. Great hit! I miss that kind of contact in the game.	0
no do not destroy [NAME] pope and glorius god emperor will cry :((((	25
They were really supportive!	4
I feel so stupid. I’ve never made the connection between [NAME] refusing to play for SD and [NAME]	2
Starting field position does not affect dvoa	4
Which totally makes it less funny for a person like me who has never seen this before, and laughed. 	17
Sharing with 3 other people was the worst part of hospital for me, fine in the daytime but at night I was barely able to sleep. 	10
One of my favourite [NAME] moments	18
thanks for sharing.	15
love u too	18
“Touch me again and I’ll kill you.” I’m low key blown away that The Last Boy Scout even *made* it to Australia.	2
“Bahahaha” Isn’t that a quote from the Raving Rabbids?	1
ehhhh I don't think so. iirc [NAME] was responsible for that Russian embargo and he's the reason why AKs are so expensive now.	10
Well I just love it when my Squad Leader puts the order on the Opponent's starting flag for the whole round while we lose everything else.	18
A hug? Lol, shugos new hugs look alot more fluid and faster. Get ready to eat more	1
I'm glad none of you are GM	17
**Lost** children. Issues we face today are likely fabricated from the bottom up.	9
I was trying to think of a better player to pick on..... couldn't lol	1
1 5v5 goal in 2 months is not good anyway you spin it. But pleasure being downvoted by you, enjoy believing in WAR 	10
If that's true OP, you've lived quite a sheltered existence.	22
His video is definitely against the rules.. He literally asks people to spam oh yeah yeah everywhere	10
Please go to youtube and leave a comment and share :) Happy new year!!!	13
[NAME] isn’t a rocket scientist. I was surprised about the Thailand thing tbh I did expect it to be true haha.	26
Lol i highly doubt it. A third grader did that photoshop job	1
She is smiling in the picture and, to add insult to injury, seems pregnant in the video.... 	17
Yay! Mine’s Cymbalta and Lamictal with a dash of Ativan lol	1
Not all men harass women, but enough of them are that all women have *been* harassed by men.	4
PUT THEIR BLINDFOLDS BACK ON!!!	2
This does not sound like a good situation for a child at all imo.	10
This thing happened a couple years back, still haven't gotten back into the working world. Though, I appreciate the support.	0
Had to ask a co-worker from Beijing, she confirmed. 	4
I guess. I'm going to try getting in better shape, and just socialize more.	20
Yeah, at this point I just keep of off anything remotely related to what Im playing/reading, its just too easy with the internet these days too be spoiled	22
This must be what blasphemy laws felt like in the Middle Ages.	22
I appreciate it!	0
A little weird but I guess it's wholesome.	4
Of course. Just know that I know that you know you're a liar.	2
That was informative. Thank you.	15
[NAME] playing sloppy	3
That's really good!	0
Calm down. What the hell. I just tryed to tell you that there MEIGHT be a different side to that story.	2
Report her to the police. Physical threats are a no-no.	14
Honestly scared to see what happens	14
Lol. Ill try but its just not fun anymore. Haven't dashed in 2 weeks. Busy day job now so no extra time for shenanigans	1
I guess I am totally alone but I am really enjoying the audiobook and haven’t had a single complaint. I’m half way through now	17
lmao it's true. I'm cracking up about it.	1
U guys are super cute together.	0
I believe furloughed feds still have health insurance benefits so you're not wrong on that PSA.	8
My grandmother-in-law does this. I’m sorry to anyone in the Va Beach area.	25
I love the north east. Can’t say much for the rest though	18
Outstandingly well done.	0
Then we shall duel for it. *Good Fight!*	0
I’m just in awe because this will actually get so many people up in arms.	13
She looks so corrupt... Same with [NAME]	10
That poor snek :’(	25
If they had tried to free their friends first, their bomb would have been confiscated so I say they made the right choice.	4
Hey, that's awesome. I'll be sure to think of some questions for you in the future.	0
Will do! Thanks!	15
I love how there isn't a single legit trade in this thread	18
It’s [NAME]?!	7
Thanks! I was actually considering that myself, but I'm scared that I'll just start rambling about it 	15
I hate the argument too. It betrays and exposes the violent, primitive ape amygdala response that is most Human social interaction. 	2
I'm scared because we don't really have any isolation scorers right now.	14
Wow excellent shot	0
Ah. Okay. Good luck with work tomorrow.	15
Yes it would be a poorly thought out plan... involving alcohol... never heard of one of those.	10
I like the hints of purple	18
Her eyes are so dark u can barly see it lol someone should have told her that	1
Vincentown diner on 206. A lot of farm to table stuff, desserts are excellent, everything I’ve had has been delicious. 	0
I used to fantasize about my morning oatmeal. One packet of instant oatmeal. [NAME] dreamed about it.	13
exactly how i feel about it too. the guy is just a jerk, and can't be bothered to care unless it benefits him. selfish little prick	3
"Not one single figure anywhere to be seen. Reminds me of auld Soviet propaganda. ""The harvest is up"" ""People happier than ever"""	17
Is it that common? Here on the tube on London there is barely room to breathe let alone spin so I guess we avoid this kind of crap	7
I'm from the UK, I thought you must have been joking. Queen were the height of cool at several points in their career.	22
You guys are heartless, smfh.	2
I don't remember accurately but something in the lines of >and slightly leaning back so as to not be able to reach the remote	6
Isn't this from [NAME]?	6
Haha gutted.	1
It was a bad one, and you should feel bad. 	11
love love love this. so happy for the both of you.	18
It is designed that way, but curiously, some of the color options are not worn	7
I love our cheese curds both fresh and deep fried. So good. And now I'm hungry.	18
Love frank and moody together	18
I know this is late, but I can’t believe I missed this. Love it.	18
I had that moment of “wait, am I the narcissist” too! Thankfully, like you said, time & distance cleared that up. 	15
Boooo!!	10
Keeping [NAME] was a great decision. What are you even talking about!?	0
As a [NAME] this makes me proud.	21
Lmao this dude sitting in an Iowa thread throwing shade on New Years Day with nothing better to do.	1
So PST it is. Glad we agree.	17
"I was going to say ""too lazy to go down to the basement to do it"" but then I realized this isn't the north."	22
Same cfn as reddit tag? I'm curious to see this.	7
Any proof for your statement regarding [NAME] being a PKK cadre?	7
It's the physical pain, mostly, I think. Maybe with cbd stuff getting big and easy to get now it'll taper down?	7
this is my new favourite thread	0
Is the fruit named after the colour, though, or is the colour named after the fruit?	6
this off season is dark and full of terrors	14
I would love you forever! Or dare I say, love you long time!	18
I can hardly hear you over those goal posts moving! Ahhhh the facts! They hurt! They hurt so bad mama!	25
Ooooh wow. 😆	26
The comments in there are so nonchalant I can’t help but laugh	1
INTJ here, I agree with this ^^^ (Him)	4
It'd be easier not to do it at all. I don't think it's meant to be easy.	6
Praise [NAME] your taste is bad /s	11
I want to give you reddit gold but I’m poor and bad at money spending so have my love instead	8
[NAME] i feel personally attacked	25
Ok man. Glad yo know you are aware of all financial situations.	0
I'd be shocked if he knew much of anything about the EU.	26
People are legitimately monsters.	2
i would just like you to know that even though that dipshit didnt read what you wrote, i did, and i appreciate it. very good post.	0
You mean Ichigo/Nero/Black Ranger/I'm a Frog. Did not know that [NAME] voiced [NAME], but it does exsplain why he sounded so familiar.	26
Poor crack baby 😥	25
Not this time	3
Don't like having different stripe profiles on the shoulders to the front of the shirt. One or the other.	10
I bet your all of the rage at parties	20
Cheers to a better 2019 for our boys!! Can’t be much worse then 2018	20
I'm not surprised at all considering, you know, buzzfeed 	22
Well, if 10% of active gun owners each convert 4 people, we win :-).	20
Sorry I am foreign, and might have come across wrong. Anyways it has to happen at some stage?	24
This looks like don't hug me I'm scared	14
It’s $7 is what it is. Which thrills me	13
Adulterers are not known to be kind and rationale during a divorce. OP should protect herself.	5
Ice at the office sounds like such a luxury to me! I wish!	8
I also love the first sentence (but in a more pro-science way than was probably intended)	18
Okay. I’m not a [NAME], but I love block games? Idk	18
Good luck!	20
Hope you’re ok mate!	20
I like [NAME], just thought there was significant savings there, and maybe sign [NAME] for cheaper...idk	18
I find this extremely hard to believe. Living abroad is hard, and most people can hardly fathom leaving the USA, let alone living outside it.	22
Haha! I realized that after your comment. Definitely not trying to walk in Loubs with a peg leg LOL	1
I appreciate that you care about me. I've been thinking about you as well.	0
I love how [NAME] delivers the Italian lines.	18
Happy New Year to all my fellow Asuka mains and all you dirty bastards who show no hespect. Cheers!	13
So obvious you got downvoted 40 times, ok!	4
Me thinks this crosses the line of dignity. Makes me sad. It’s one thing to expose things but another to mock it.	25
Glad to hear. Thanks for the support.	15
Ah I see, thanks for the insight	15
Great night in the Midwest 200 in three hours. I hope all my fellow uber drivers did good. Happy new year I wish you the best in2019.	20
That's the worst urinal ever.	11
I don’t CARE!	3
YeH, I’m trying to inquire about this.	7
I'm after interesting things to read (like science, tech, psychology and etc.). So what's my place?	6
Lol no.	10
Hope [NAME] is ok to play but if he needs to rest that hand then that's what he should do...	20
He's mainly on Twitch now. Before I unfollowed him some time ago he did some YT content from time to time.	22
I didn’t like him before this, now I really don’t like him. 	2
I don't know where exactly but these pictures are really good. Keep it up!	0
this is proper funny actually	1
Totally agree. Their Rogue One commentary track is the only one I've never replayed, simply because he makes the same damn joke throughout the whole thing.	4
Have you ever tried to give her lessons in cooking? It could be fun and a bonding for you both.	7
Hey friendo nothing down here but there are ALL SORTS of interesting smells!	4
Thank you [NAME]. Best of luck. I'll always remember your goal to clinch MLS Cup 2017.	15
Looks nice but will wait for a PVE dedicated map as that’s more my jam.	4
I've never seen anyone do it successfully on a car, but I'll concede that it could definitely be possible.	20
I gotta try that with my posse next time I’m on. That’s hilarious	1
did he give up out of embarrassment having knocked back chicago for us and then not getting to join us.	7
He looks like the demon all the other demons beat up for lunch money	0
The most sense the internet has produced in a long time. [NAME] bless this dude.	15
Resisting not being under arrest? What?	7
Wow! I didn't even know there was a handball world championship.	26
Reality is often disappointing	9
I played on the Wii and used Windows XP computers up until 2011 lol. The feeling of the 90’s died in 2001 but the pop-culture remained.	1
I thought that I was lagging. yeah, its really bad.	22
Please keep going, this is just making you look worse	5
Now go to a return? Oh ok, thanks for the store to find something better.	15
How many of each have been killed or injured?	7
By that logic its seedy and insincere for google to act like they care about Homealone.	9
Damn! Kids these days don’t give me much hope for the future. It’s supposed to be a flaming dr pepper 🤦🏻‍♀️	3
Wow. That scene would’ve made knocked up much better.	0
You are a true hero	0
I'm not going out of my way to watch it but I might channel flip	10
Close the door, you're letting the heat out!	3
Happy Anniversary!	13
Seems like you took a hard side in the previous 3 comments. Hypocrite much?	7
"But terrible people is my ""type"""	14
I liked the comeback tho	4
Did anyone else notice [NAME]' face twitching a little?	7
OH MY [NAME]	26
I LOVE BASKETBALL	18
"I read it as baby sitter and for really confused at the ""she decided she wanted to walk"" part"	6
> So having sex is a medical condition? no but std's are	6
I do have EAP and was lucky enough to get 10 sessions using it. I’ll chat with my boss tomorrow about taking time off. Thank you!	15
They’re words and they’re hilarious	1
Who is your least hated and absolute worst? (Outfit based only)	11
[NAME] isn't really that bad, he's also a cheaper option who [NAME] trusts.	0
While out at the beach for a weekend for her birthday. There was no final straw, I just wanted to. 	9
Ikr. Spend your time doing better things like reading [NAME] fanfics ❤️	18
Proud of you!	21
Thanks! I’ll be sure to do that!	15
[NAME] IS SO OLD HIS FAVORITE ROUTES ARE TO THE CVS AND CRACKER BARREL.	2
It developed because of my childhood and robbed me of a good bit of good stuff as an adult.	9
I also have a boner!	4
This is irrelevant to what we were talking about.	10
Our knight in shining armor. I'll miss those high socks	9
Thank you so much, I’ll be following this and try to consult my parents Incase I am unsure of what else he may say.	15
I thought it was illegal to practice ninjutsu	22
thank [NAME]. maybe we will finally get to have some proof of life for [NAME] and get some answers about [NAME].	20
Fuck it, it's time we spend not adding to the debt	3
One good thing about vaping When it hits you, you feel no pain. 	0
Ope, got a lil chuckle outta me there, sorry	24
It's no coincidence that I became generally happier when I realized that once I covered the necessities more stuff didn't bring more happiness.	0
I agree with everything you said, except the Witten part he is [NAME] awful....that whole MNF crew makes it unwatchable.	4
Love me some Black and Tans, also love Snake Bites as well. 	18
Haha mines an old 2.5L 2002 non turbo. But I love it.	18
She actually survived the incident, I don’t know if anyone has the article	6
That’s a pretty great play mate. I applaud you.	0
Yeah no...I would find it very demeaning	10
Thanks for the reply! May I ask what part of the world you're from?	15
It definitely revealed how ugly the hatred on the Left has gotten.	3
Interesting, I know another millionaire who takes to Twitter and rambles in an attempt to distract people from negative news about him... 	0
I'm giving you an upvote for that perfect comeback, but I'm not happy about it!	9
She is looking like [NAME] to me in this pic.	0
This is so creepy. Good riddance to awful rubbish.	11
It's absolutely 100% abuse, as others have said you need to get the hell away from him.	10
Every government in the world charges these fees. Welcome to the real world.	22
As opposed to becoming a U.S. citizen the illegal way?	6
FUCK TAMPA. FUCK TORONTO. WE WINNING THE MOTHERFUCKING CUP	17
Great way to be late on 80% of your orders. I mean I didn't say it was impossible, but you put rating at risk	0
Yeah wat a fucking knob right? Fucking nick...	2
Lol I know right?	1
Thx! Happy New Year!	15
<3 [NAME]. You were too good for this world.	0
SHIT. I just gave my son some Skittles. Lemme edit that right quick LOL	3
came here to say this. i've watched it through more than five times at this point. one of my absolute favorites.	18
I’m just glad to finally see something truly cringy in a while	12
I totally agree with you. Porn is unnatural and creates honorless cuckolds.	4
Please don't come back.	10
I like to support anybody who supports veganism, especially at places like this, to show them their is a demand, and a future for it	8
I honestly wouldve thought the same if i hadnt seen it here before either. Is all good brother. Happy hunting!	5
Is this a real thing!?! (I am clearly very sheltered)	26
We have had luck with a ok to wake clock for quiet time! May be worth a shot.	20
No way!? Ugh this just sounds painful	10
I'm 27 and still look 15. When does this change?	7
I don't blame you. It was a long post. Thanks for your time.	15
You dont need elected officials to have power when you have the people on your side.	10
I hope it goes just as well. Good luck.	20
Might is generous lol. He totally killed that guy.	1
You want me to go searching around for that? I'm good. I'll just assume you're wrong because of the way you type.	7
I would love to see your evidence for any of this above and below stuff. Go ahead, I'll just wait right here....	18
Like a turd in a big toilet	3
Yes it does count	4
That was quick lol. I like what I see so far too but come on	1
He is holding you hostage. Sad state of affairs.	25
I appreciate the advice! This is something I’ve been trying to figure out, like I said.	0
While we appreciate trying to help with the report function, next time either block them after or ignore them instead of getting into a fight. Thanks.	15
My pleasure ☺️ hope you enjoy! She seems very sweet.	17
My mistake lol	1
Everybody is just temporarily embarassed millionaires	12
Nah they'll make their own post that's really passive aggressive about SOME people not understanding [insert fatlogic excuse here]	10
And unfortunately videos like this act as a constant reminder that most people are complete dumbasses. Sad really.	25
Yes, they suck for making a profit off of people who are proven to be high risk. How dare they!	2
Very good fight. The red head above the M is hot and very distracting.	0
No they shouldn't. Mental illness is a serious thing and we shouldn't encourage crazy people but instead help them	10
Because it contains the nudity of a child, and that is a federal crime?	7
I can't tell if you're being sarcastic or not. Either way. Lol	1
When did we get rid of uprights? He was amazing for us?	7
I love you.	18
Oh! Thank you!	15
Yeah I hope he can play against IU that’d be a huge loss	9
> if nine out of ten girls were going to reject me, I would approach twenty. That sounds like a threesome	1
A radical departure from the lunacy we have now? Yes.	4
I'm 27 and I want to live in a society that shuts down at 8pm!	8
How did you get access to PCTC?	7
don't you hate it when that dogs are doing drugs behind your house?	3
I discovered this show on the cnn docuseries about the nineties. What a terrible idea for a show 😂😂	14
What a steal that was	0
Okay this is racist fear mongering. I got it now thanks.	15
>!why you bully me :,0 i didn't even know what a mantis was before this conversation!<	6
What a poor woman who only wanted to tell someone what to do.	25
I love this pic... believe me I am up for some reason my hands on you.	18
Does taking a small jab at [NAME] shrek 2 mean something has to be wrong with me? What a fragile world you must live in...	6
"[NAME], I've told you already. ""Muy gorda chica"" does not mean ""very pretty girl"" "	10
[NAME] fucking christ. When [NAME] came into the league he was pretty much as skinny as [NAME] is now. And look at the dude now.	26
"The fact that ""TrueChristian"" and ""TrueChristianity"" are so [RELIGION] is extremely telling. The faith is dishearteningly fractured..."	25
That's awful. If I were a celebrity, I would probably do the same.	11
Well, I probably would have been against the Cespedes signing if we had to sign him for 7 years. But that goes more for a pitcher.	10
Happy birthday!	17
Surprisingly all of my family keep their toasters on the work top despite being [RELIGION]/Unionist ?	26
This guy gets it...	4
I absolutely love it that EVERYONE is scoring... please keep this up for the rest of the season.	18
I’m not going to live in the middle of nowhere. I like Chicago.	10
Know when to shut up, you have to. Needs to learn she does. Nice job.	4
We're like bad luck lightning rods. Everybody around us is safe	9
The best feeling ever was when class was over and it never got to your turn, so you didnt have to present until the next day	17
Yikes on the sauce!!	26
yesterday was a fucking travesty to the game of basketball	2
Huh, I wonder why the NFL doesn't have the umpire line up there anymore?	6
Thank [NAME].	15
I completely agree with mondawggg. Playing the petty way instead of discussing the issue with him directly is so much more productive....wait	4
That’s a new level of blonde I never knew existed!	26
I honestly do not know. Chastise them for their hardness of heart and presumptiveness I suppose. I guess that is what [NAME] would do.	3
Oh hahaha, is it a reputable vendor?	1
That Man has one of the coolest tattoos on his knee I've ever seen.	0
Looks just like the snow we've been getting in Halifax recently! (Canada)	4
Do you want to be promoted to Secreatary of State for the US?	7
And this young man wishes to be an athlete. That sort of strenuous activity would not be possible.	10
In the cap era no goalie has played as much as [NAME] has the last 2 years on a per games basis	0
I was very tunnel visioned at first haha didn’t even notice the arm	1
I had 175/1 back in March. About to go to Vegas again and it will be disappointing to only get 12/1 this time.	9
look at more of [NAME] work, he really makes the picture come to life.	0
That.. would be glorious. A large one of these would be the NZ equivalent of Giga Pudding.	0
That's interesting! Here I am having been saying I grew up near the original all my life. I will correct my story.	13
We had a baby, it's hard to find the time to take them down.	25
I stopped watching after I had to suffer through a whole episode without [NAME] removing his shirt	4
People like you are why I follow this sub. Keep it up I need more laughs like that!	4
This kid now: fun yay hahoo This kid as a grownup: I regret everything	24
Was it? Honestly I didnt get it, even asked some other people and they didnt get. I guess color me ignorant. Care to explain? 	7
The World Between Worlds veered worryingly close to this territory. Luckily it was handled well.	20
From barrel to a tank! Great job! :)	0
[NAME] is my daddddyyy!!!! And I can’t be on this planet without her/him!!!!!	18
Its one thing to LOSE a debate, its another to be disqualified for wrong think. 	3
I've seen muuuuuch weirder. But that was confusing as hell. LOL!	1
the lack of respect for [NAME], [NAME] and the rest of the [NAME] in here is incredible	0
luckily i do not have mixxed cycles myself... rapid cycling, sure, not mixed episodes though. sending hope your way!!	20
I feel like it's a one big woosh	4
My heart is breaking for you OP... good luck on your job search though!!	5
Don’t blame [NAME] there tf is he supposed to do if our wing can’t stay in front of their man	10
Nah, I know why I am depressed, and I'm sorry to say it has nothing to do with you. 	24
I kind of want to try that now actually. With some chocolate added I think it could work.	8
It’s an imperfect poll demographic group skewing erroneously towards a “No”. [NAME] was incredible this week.	10
I wonder how many didn't get the joke	26
I won't stop crying 😭	25
MOTHERFUCKING FLYING MONKEYS, AHHHHHHHHGHGHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!	2
Yeah I doubt the woman would post about it whilst still in his bed. She'd wait until she was dumped then complain about it at least.	6
I'm sorry you had a bad experience, that's horrible. But that number saved one of my friends lives. Different for everyone	14
She’s my favorite too. She is indeed hella cute.	0
Makes sense, thanks!	15
Reality is often disappointing	9
Wait so his eyes don't work? Then how does he put his penis in your vagina?	6
Pls shut up	3
Yeah but you’ve already told one side that you’re playing both sides	3
His last post to T_D was to try and rile people up to get [NAME]	3
Who said anyone was white or black? Forget it, trumpie. You clowns don’t care about the truth. 	3
They'd probably just use it to buy up armies and navies for tyrants who oppress and reign with blood and horror or some shit.	3
I thought it was something about the dog not smelling your drugs, but now i'm just sad that you didn't get to pet it :(	25
It was stupidmancostume	2
I am so happy that sub exists	17
"More like ""thank you sir may I have another"""	15
Keep dreaming. He isn't coming to this black hole of an organization.	10
I feel sorry for her son that must have been super cringe	25
Just stop.	2
I love it here too.	18
I like this man.	18
because your brain will associate the drip taste with the high after a few times, i love the drip	18
[NAME]. Please, [NAME]. 	8
Oh sorry. Instead of “willfully stupid “ I meant, why do you hate America?	24
Thankfully. We have highly responsible gun owners and our gun control is fairly effective. We have way less violence and people generally can still enjoy them.	15
I hate these cakes so much.	11
I'm thankful every day I was in school before the Internet, smart phones and social media.	15
I wish my phone was that accurate. It warns me I'm at 14%, then 10 minutes later it drops to 0% and shuts off.	8
I’m happy I could help. Let me know if it works	17
"Oh like ""both of."" Gotcha. Good times"	17
This is on a video about electric guitars what the fuck?	2
Cool story bro	20
Thank you for giving my Zumba songs some context	15
Good catch. I guess I was just remembering the shift after the first debate. That's pretty sad, tbh. 	25
I was flabbergasted when I saw it.	26
Which sex communicates better? Typically women. Don't judge this guy like your girlfriends. he sounds pretty normal to me.	4
A drummer's MC is the best MC	0
That's why imo [NAME] death is better.	16
You know, I didn’t have an anxiety attack all day. Thanks for ensuring it happened. 	3
Sure, but it's been all over the news recently with the [NAME] doc that just came out. I've seen tons of posts here on reddit.	4
If your partner is so consumed by his addiction that he chose it over you, you know what to do.	5
Our mod is an awesome mod	0
You’re right but territories haven’t been around for decades	4
Was referring to their government, should have specified that better. 	22
"*concussion* *Trophy system kills it* *Another concussion* *Trophy system kills it* ""Yo guys watch me throw this cluster"" Honestly embarrassing "	12
You got whooshed fair and square. Take your medicine.	5
This is maybe the lamest way you can say that.	3
dont get down on yourself, early NC is very daunting. good luck! (im 11 years NC from nmom....life is good!) 	20
And isolated rooms? When I had to go in with my baby with chickenpox they put us in a room where no one else was.	7
If she canf even protect herself what the fuck is she doing in a business that protects others.	2
The most hatful crowd is not the lefties. Lefties may be annoying but hate as such is a tool used by the right much more skillfully and forcefully.	3
Lol shit yeah.	1
I suppose I failed to lay the sarcasm on thick enough, should have gone with the full billion dollar contract... Oh well, live and learn! lol 	1
both are bad tho anarchy ftw	10
"Hopefully he gets what he is looking for. Not sure why some people are getting pissy over this. ""How dare he look out for himself, REEEEEE!"" "	20
Yeah i also like [NAME] now but that gives me a horrible idea. What if we think the same about fortnite later	6
I’m definitely leaving him. I have a 0 tolerance for cheating and won’t be staying for it to happen again	2
I think theres a line between edgy and racist that this meme clearly crosses. [NAME] is still funny, this is just racist.	1
Oh god I thought he career was long over	9
not surprised it’s too challenging for you to read	5
Me too. One of my favorite potential Dem candidates	18
"""Someone else must start this however... but I will sure join in the violent fight that will ensue... I promise!"""	4
one quick glance at your comment history negates any value in this comment	10
I'm so sorry for your loss. One of my favourite unisex names is [NAME].	24
That does suck. I’m sorry. Having recently been ghosted by someone who I thought was a very close friend, it’s a terrible feeling	14
Thank you.	15
my gawd! This is adorable!	1
I went to the pharmacy to get vaccinated (sign said for free) and they turned me down for not having health insurance... so	9
I'm always happy to have you in my box.	17
It *feels* unethical?	11
I don't need a pogram. The best targ killers are other targs	10
edit: black gays and trans in the ball scene started it, much like a lot of our gay slang 	4
Hard to follow after reading his post history. Says he is divorced...	25
Lets just say its probably cheaper to just hope a more positive outlook reflects on your out-look.	20
Oh my [NAME].	26
I failed with my play on words. Oh well, can't win them all	24
Comedown is only a tenth of addiction. Addiction is when you find a high that you love more than yourself. Be careful.	5
Thanks I will try to delete the multiples. Good luck on everything.	15
For her? Nah	10
[NAME] keeps getting set to get a rebound [NAME]	1
Sadly I think this is true & maybe this is the incentive adults need to get into action	25
Thanks for the clarification :)	15
Yeah I wish they hadn't opened the entire game with the ol' [NAME].	8
I’ve seen it too. I think it was an honest mixing of the words.	4
Doesn't matter what we do. The announcers will trash the Wolves and praise the Lakers. I miss [NAME] and [NAME].	9
I was surprised too	26
Ive always wanted someone to tell me how beautiful my protein powder looks.	0
I swear to [NAME], these offseason dream/hypothetical lineups get me rock solid every single time. I love it	18
Yeah lazily typing a naughty word to some retard on the internet is a real indicator of being angry rofl	1
Not even polite if they're driving. The road rage here is terrifying.	14
Naw dude, other sports never have ankle injuries so they are fine. 	5
I'm glad to see when people succeed! I'm very happy for ya and life is going uphill which is always a great sign	17
i am shocked... SHOCKED I TELL YOU!	26
Ayyy exactly!	4
Her accent!! I died.	16
I mean, this very post is climate change denial related, which has zero to do with the second amendment, so I don't get your point 	10
Well then his whole argument is a straw man itself, because nobody advocates abortions of fully formed babies	10
thank you for your answer	15
i hate furries	2
#Fuck the cowgirls & iggles	2
They wont investigate cause the damage isn't worth $1000+	10
"i guess there is nothing wrong if i say ""May [NAME] grant you love, guidance and happiness"" And yes, that was directed towards you"	18
Quitting porn only helped with my performance in bed, other than that I’m still anxious as hell in social spots 	19
That's no excuse.	10
Well all I can say is I'm sorry and May [NAME] open your heart one day.	24
I LOVE THIS TEAM	18
[NAME] “ I’m afraid if I don’t have money she’ll leave me”. Yuh, you’re exactly right [NAME].	14
I was honestly shocked when they denied an overpayment, especially since after the charges cleared it would have been a $0 balance.	26
Good to see [NAME] getting some love.	18
You're clearly reporting all of my comments, and then acting like you don't know why they could get deleted haha, that's hilarious.	1
I can finally block Post Mallone and all that repetitive weird rap that ppl play on my Spotify during parties.	23
I don't think eating 4chan pizza is a good idea. Unless you're into some weird shit.	11
While I have no experience in dating/relationships, I have been through unrequited love. So I learnt that the hard way	22
So happy I bought a PC. If you’re looking for a better experience across ALL games I suggest you do the same.	17
I fucking cant stop laughing. It's so bad it's good.	1
Does anyone know if there's a place I can donate to help her two little kids?	7
Society sucks. I don't even consider myself a part of society.	3
Oooh dont call the bad guys for help when your life is at risk okay.	5
We stick out in a crowd. You can run with it or hide from it. I love embracing it!	18
cool story bro	0
I feel like it took for fucking ever actually. Still too fast, but anything would be	3
what lmao get a grip dude	1
That was the one I was thinking of! I can't remember which episode it was on now, but it fantastic	0
this is why I have backups off site that they’ll never find...try as they will they will never disarm me	20
Wow... drug smugglers will always find a way I guess. I bet that took a ton of work	26
Oh man. You're the cutest.	0
Hoping to make it to Seattle soon. I’ll make sure to reach out.	20
we are scared on /r/bengals rn	14
Eat better.	5
Don't apologize it has nothing to do with you, everyone here understands that.	5
It’s 5:11am over here. Good luck dude.	5
Me too! I don't believe in likes or karma points, but I know other people care and it might be the highlight of their day.	10
I feel like I’ve seen these before... but when I was very little	6
Anyone else see her 10 year challenge post today or yesterday. I'm so shocked she wouldn't pick this picture.	26
How much? Out of curiosity’s sake	7
What about the small percentage that would?	7
Something my mom always told me is to say what you’re going to use a gift for in your thank you note.	15
I wish. It's been over 72 hours for me now, nothing. Less than .5 ETH, BCH and BSV - hasn't moved.	8
We’re playing well, except for a 2 minute stretch. As is tradition	0
Compelling argument, in line with expectation	10
If you keep grinding you could become rookie of the year 2020 imo	0
“I don’t care if you are 11 or 12 years old.” Lol what?	1
cheers for the replies guys. appreciated	0
Dude want's to help his mother... cool I do the same, my mom lives in my basement. But he is doing it with my money!	3
He has the maturity of a 2 year old and you are right...ugly in his soul.	11
May [NAME] SWT bless you, protect you, guide you, and keep you active in this faith. Welcome to al [RELIGION] =)	15
happens all the time (at least to me) when you have a bad ping (80+), games broken lol	1
That dog was so happy I thought he was gonna start flying like tails the fox in sonic	17
This is absolutely the stupidest mock I've seen this year	1
Hope you're doing okay!	20
Thanks bot!	15
Okay... am I the only one curious how in the hell a fourth grader managed to get expelled?	7
>it tasted horrible to use. Eating some of that right now. No regrets.	11
at least it rhymes,i'll give you that	4
It was SO refreshing to see. [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] were all so well coordinated. Hype	0
seems odd, when you guys consume much more pizza, I would say overall than us	12
I mean yeah that's really it. Getting him on tape saying racist stuff is the only possibility of a sale.	4
So much fake news.	3
That's a great trailer. [NAME] needs more scars though.	0
The only sub that’s really bad now is the GKS the others are fine actually.	10
Our ancestors took this land at great loss and developed into something greater than they were capable of being. Their descendants have the rightful claim to the land.	0
Ditto this. Happy hour after work is nice and low-commitment.	17
A hell of a player when he was at Grimsby. Hope he can pick up some minutes and goals again.	20
Depends on the drug. Weed makes me antisocial and when I'm in public, I feel paranoid and I feel like everyone knows I'm high.	19
True but I think we should be able to strike a deal for less than 50-60m which is worth it in today's market imo	20
oh right that was a huge leap my bad	9
I let my cat lick the leftover milk out of the bowl after I eat cereal, he loves it. 	18
Doesn't mean any of those thing you liked are going to change. Not immediately anyways.	4
I accept your failure and wish you a good day.	5
You need help.	5
Seconded. I had the December one well into January and finally just changed to the Sabres logo. Still cool and all, but the schedules were awesome.	0
Finally! Now I see what I was doing wrong. PB, thank you!	15
Just like demar used to do lol	1
Still depressed but I didn't run away so it cool	9
Sounds hella aggressive. You can say the same thing while being nicer about it.	2
You are an amazingly strong person!	0
In my school we have specific councilors for the students matched alphabetically. Mine just sucks.	21
Ironically, everyone else (except a v small%) are thinking the same, try keeping this in mind next time.. enjoy your day	17
im still starving	25
Oh boy, yeah.	4
Oh no.	26
BTW your story really gave me comfort, Thank you.	15
[NAME] a good guy who hosts leagues full of people who want to have fun. Check it out!	0
Weirdly I never heard of this show till I saw it on the RTE player this morning, and now this post... Maybe its a sign? 	6
It's shameful how this sub sold out to Big Broccoli (TM).	12
I’m sorry and I hope you are better now than when you were in the marriage.	5
These subtitles are stupid & unnecessary.	3
Yes, this. I love this film.	0
And I like the taste	18
Perfect place to get flame grilled by the church then. Bring it on!	0
Got any good examples you care to post?	7
What age are you? I didn't realise you were a child until now.	22
Maybe they are just horrible people, and because you aren't like them they don't like you. 	3
Hypothetical: If you were a GOP senator, who would you want to lead the caucus after [NAME] steps down or is defeated?	6
[NAME] voice was great!! Especially in Night Prowler	0
I haven't seen such an unpopular hire since [NAME].	10
Why did you post my autobiography	3
Thanks for the advice!	15
Man, these fourth quarters, the Nets are on some [NAME] shit. It just seems mental now	3
That poor janitor.	25
Wasn’t this guy floated around as a long shot OC candidate earlier in the offseason?	6
Personally, I assume that those who claim NOT to be deprived in this way are just adept liars. That's how deprived I am.	25
I like Kyber	18
The few people that survive jumping from bridges say, almost invariably, that they regretted jumping the second they entered free fall.	24
Can these guys just pick a team in the AL and go there??	7
I hope [NAME] does some more music soon	20
You have another new follower 😊 love your work!	18
I don't mind helping people but often the problems seem so petty and small and the solution is so simple.	5
Haha be careful how you bring this up to him, maybe say you read his note, or he might think you’re out to get him	5
Some of my best rolls were with 50mg. Less is more!	4
Ye I never understood why they didn’t put that into the game	6
Name one thing this person in power has said or done that’s racist. This should be fun..	17
No that's stupid	10
I just roam around without a hat. is that so hard?	7
So upset by the email lady after all these years. Get help.	9
Puny god! Love it	18
Wow. Good thing [NAME] are known for having ample savings since our country treats the average worker so well.	17
Take each penny and give it a good look... to sneeze and lost the count. Again.	4
Surprised he didn’t get hit with a random drug test	26
they're a bit expensive anyways	9
I needed this in my life	4
"Yea, so you need to leave him. Clearly not great in the ""protect your loved ones"" situation. "	10
Don't worry, all these people will get the rope once I've established my new world order	5
She deserves to know.	4
He's a hypocrite like everyone else in his family and party.	2
I want to SO bad	8
What's the Pi IPcam you set up? Link? Sounds interesting.	0
She's a piece of work. I'm glad you're reporting your account issues.	17
The stress that effects you stresses the baby before it’s born. It effects the bond you have and even your milk supply if you breastfeed.	5
Ah yes. Recursion. The backbone of Marxist theory. Glad you brought it up, chap	17
I understand it but I hate it and I personally believe it promotes toxicity	10
Don't you understand, the people affected are [shuffles deck] able to get a 0% loan until the shutdown is over.	3
You're championing the removal of some threads while complaining about the removal of threads...	10
You seem very angry. Maybe you should.... go jerk off.	6
Presidents using these robots will loose all legetimacy. They will become dictators. People should invest in good cameras to document the events and share it everywhere.	10
They‘re not together? Looks like I have some serious scrolling to catch up on!!	7
WUTS THE ISSUE SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON?	7
That troll and his Kotaku cronies have no shame. None at all.	3
Lollll the mental gymnastics required not to be embarrassed by admitting you have to buy someone elses hair.... To put on your heads lol like what hhaaha	1
thanks for clarifying, you put me into cardiac arrest for a moment	15
I fucking love New Years day with the Hawks playing in the Winter Classic	17
That's pretty much ALL complaining...	3
Absolutely ripping for that show. Really excited to see what they play!	13
Lol oooops!	1
Definitely surprised we took out [NAME] there. We needed to finish the quarter strong and it went straight to shit when he left.	26
Wow no wonder everyone is driving mopeds around. That's all there's room for.	26
I’m finding lots of tribes here, thankfully. Between [NAME] and a narc mom & sister, I am extra screwed.	15
Remember to tuck and roll!	5
This is absolutely beautiful.	0
Oh good grief! Put it away, [NAME].	16
Lol if he wouldnt have 3 straight bad games it still would not be even close to LOCK	1
Bad angle, but ya got good features and clear skin, pretty gud	0
Nobody here says 'excuse me' , it's 'sorry' 	24
i just want emotional connection, im not missing out on anything as far as not having sex for sex's sake is concerned 	8
Entire planet should be good	5
The amount of empty seats at the Orange Bowl was pretty bad	9
I will take it a as serious question. Sorry. I am in Europe	25
We were rumored to love [NAME] last year, so maybe we are interested in an athletic TE like that.	18
Thank you!	15
Speaking of not having a brain, that seems pretty ironic coming from someone with your attitude.	3
Iss all good now but thanks!	15
I have a good feeling about the ability to be a left handed gunslinger.. please Rockstar :(	4
Thanks man, it’s sucks that I’m paying to get left on read	15
Damn well I would love to eventually monetize, right now I’m drawing custom thot portraits on Fiverr but no bites yet lol 	1
Vasectomies are fairly common. Especially in older men.	4
Damn this is experience talking.	9
It’s almost def happening and there nothing you can do about it lol	1
Oh trust me I'm aware haha.	1
[NAME] scoring when he wants. I'm loving his game. Unstoppable.	0
Technically isn't the Harry Potter Universe still being developed too? We are getting prequels that could very well more directly mention [NAME] being gay.	7
You're amazing. I'd buy it :)	0
[NAME] Falafel in Dearborn has some of the best around.	0
This has been my dream for years!!!	8
I’d love to see what a PhD in porn consists of! 😂🤣	18
i would file anyway and see if your claim will be accepted. file in arizona. good luck!	20
[NAME] just think of how overworked her liver and kidneys must be!!	26
Yes!!! You cannot expect her to be a good mother at 15.	4
Well being told from a young age that us chubby dudes are not allowed to get the girl ever. Thats is why im asking.	7
If at first you don’t succeed...welp, nevermind.	10
How insulting . . . to Beavis and Butthead	12
Thanks!	15
I have my hatchet's wear out fast cutting trees, and I miss throwing the axe on my back for better inventory... thanks for responses!	15
Sorry I failed to mention I'm relatively new to the scene . Last 2 years only	25
Same here. It’s very hard. I really feel for you.	25
I was thinking it’s sad that a team that hasn’t had a FRP for what seems like a decade has a better record than us.	25
books are good	0
To be fair, actresses who are famous enough to be stopped on the red carpet get that question at almost any formal event they go to.	4
Man it's so cringy. Can't I like Classic Rock AND hip-hop? smh btw he forgot the beatles, just sayin...	12
There you go. You contradict your original position with the [NAME] scenario. That’s a good start.	0
Beautiful, nice work	0
poor [NAME] is in jail now for assassination.	25
I have no idea what that even means nor why you're being such a massive prick	6
Hahah wow I've thought the same thing a million times.. Glad I'm recognizing what I've been doing for so long and trying to change now	1
Wow that was really bad. But thanks for trying?	15
[NAME] and I play with people with 400 plus spm and still play noobs please stop the excuses if you’re getting wrecked you just suck	3
thc concentrations in weed are irrelevant everyone just dabs now anyway	22
The ID cards wouldn't have been a problem if they were like the EU one. It was the fuckload of biometric data that was abhorrent.	3
"Yeah. ""HEY ARE YOU THE DUDE FROM THE SCAM WEBSITE?"" [NAME]"	1
American scouts are weird. I've had mixed groups since I was a teen, and I've never saw the need for different groups for each sex	10
groceries are getting crazy expensive	3
Don't attend. Don't engage. They want validation, don't give it to them.	10
I think it it would have been even worse if that was the case	11
I hate text speak . Do you really want to dumb down your argument more than you need to?	2
Nice glad to hear man!	0
#OMG TERRIFYING!!!!	14
Being a woman is not an excuse, you do not represent all women. Thank the lord.	10
I genuinely don't think he is. Those features with a friendly smile or a cheeky grin, backed up by a good personality could totally get it.	10
I'm mad at the process and happy with the results for Thrill tonight.	17
Not paranoid , just cautious I do the same thing buddy I'm not going to leave it up to chance 	5
My parents are super progressive about who I date.	7
rule 0: dont submit a post if you can't be not stupid	10
This is great editing! I know this took a lot of work/time. Awesome job!	0
[NAME] thanks dude	15
I hope all my muscles cringe so spastically all my joints come loose and I collapse into a writhing agonized pile of blood and meat.	25
This was literally the first examole that came to mind for me hahaha	1
Really wish people would slow down with this one. I wanna repost it for EZ karma, but it's almost always in my homepage	8
Yes! Though I also do sofrus. Learning to write mezuzos and another megillah at the moment.	4
they place it neatly in the basket and the ball thanks them for their manners	15
Oooo too soon man	26
Follow your gut instinct. You will be ok. You are young and have a bright future.	5
You're so special and quirky :D	0
10/10 reading. I don't care if it happened this way or not. I was sufficiently entertained!	17
Love mine too. t-shirt	18
Happy New Year Everybody!	15
Best of luck with your new religion.	20
not really, no	10
right and hope you don't realize until too late that you're way better than me	20
Huh. Siege is still a thing. I miss the old days. :(	25
Not claming [NAME] would make [NAME] look more stupid lol. If someone claimed [NAME] we'd be over the moon about getting that contract off our team for next year.	1
This is so cool! I love the hat.	18
my favourite depictions of [NAME] and the gang are the ones where [NAME] is stoic and sassy and [NAME] and [NAME] are super emotional goofballs	0
Take a upvote I'm glad I made your experience great	0
This made my day lol	1
"What exactly does it mean to be a ""savior"" and why does humanity need one?"	6
I think they were hoping he would be the [NAME], that didn't happen.	9
Thank you. Take the upvote!	15
So what? I was being facetious. Though I will admit is a low hanging fruit and pretty cringy.	6
Thank you.	15
Ok what deal would you like to see made?	7
Haha I don't know where you are, but I feel you	5
Thanks [NAME]	15
That is awesome to know. I’m moving back to Chicago in August.	13
It's the great irony of The Resistance©. It's hard to be a rebel when most of the powerful institutions of the country are on your side	22
[NAME] sounds happy to be back! So glad we have the full crew today!!	17
Man. Just tuned in. Forgot it was an early game. Looks like it's been a positive game so far from pretty much everyone.	0
If you just slam on the brakes and accommodate these assholes they usually don't even realize they've done anything wrong	2
In that case, I’m appalled. 	14
I would think terrible, awful things.	14
That's the funniest mental image I've had in a very long time!	1
This must have been the fastest reply I've ever gotten omg	26
It’s been over 20 years since I rode the 15. I’m still traumatized.	25
Feminism Is For Everybody and The Will To Change: Men, Masculinity and Love by bell hooks could be of interest to you both.	20
Made my day	17
This is fantastic	0
Stars don’t get chicks my dude. Good way to let everyone know you are a fucking goober	3
That’s a pretty cool TIL	0
i just giggled like a girl.	1
Some additional background the robo-voice on that video is horrible.	14
thanks for this	15
Hell yeah bois	4
I think that's a reference to how fucking mad watching [NAME] makes people feel. ie shit [NAME] is playing and now I have the furies!	3
Now everyone is going to know that you didn't waste your time scrolling through tumblr looking for funny blogs to screenshot!	1
So you are the only occupant in the dwelling that drives?	7
My oldest jersey is Gilmour, but I'd love to add a Sittler or Salming jersey to my collection. 	8
Mom has a Buc-ees cup!!	13
Gone Girl 2 looks like it's gonna be great.	0
I feel you. It's weird that we don't see [NAME] or [NAME] in the promotional stuff though.	3
No problem. I'm happy to know it's not what you meant.	17
"They get pissy about ""automatic defenses"" for property. I mean, *REALLY* pissy."	9
I had no idea this was a thing gas pumps could do. I've only ever seen ones you have to physically hold. This is mind blowing!	0
I love this meme, killem with memes	18
The what now?	7
That's [NAME] btw in men in Black. He is also the actor who plays [NAME] in Netflix Daredevil. Such an amazing actor.	0
You have to sneak up on the flame by approaching slowly.	5
I love this. [NAME] bless [NAME].	18
Lol. Yes, the contractors know	4
Great game! Got more intense as it went on.	0
Wonderful, [NAME] can just go ahead and quit politics right now then. (ref)	4
Uh eat less than you burn per day. Eat a lot of protein.	5
I love you raccoon go blazers	18
Makes it even weirder that she now hates America	2
You must have depression and anxiety.	9
this is such a happy video	17
Funny thing is I come from New Zealand so the concept of health insurance and paying off maternity bills is foreign outer space Taliban talk to me.	1
The evergreen looks pretty great, no clue on the price unfortunately. 	0
I don't know what the main broadcast is like, but the MNF crew is amazing.	0
This was actually good until the bird came in.	15
I would stay away from [NAME]. Apparently his injury got infected and will require more surgery/surgeries	14
I could go, but honestly, it is the worst place on earth. I have 0 desire to do it.	11
not since that 9-2 pounding we put on Minn i dont think so	10
How do I get one	7
Possibly cool idea not well thought out	0
I would meet up in a public place first. Invite her to a bar within walking distance of your place and assess. Safety first.	5
Considering that cheating is a mark of high-status, I'd be surprised if the wife dumped a cheating husband.	3
All I know is everyone is Tuscaloosa considers this season an abysmal failure.	4
I wish could do what you do. It has been my dream. Im jealous	8
Nah, I lied. I don't judge people's kinks and I like that [NAME] always moves me.	10
That sounds terrible.	14
His fingers have swelled with pride.	21
if they’re available for questioning then you’re a shitty kidnapper. -3/5 stars	3
really clever lol	1
That is definitely an unpopular opinion. Upvoted.	10
No income = no pension payments required. Health care, I think is mandatory, but I don’t know the enforcement scheme.	6
Hey if any are left, I'd like to happily donate!	17
why do they look like their all wearing gas masks	6
doesn’t help for me unfortunately. i think if anything when i’m on BC is when i experience these symptoms	10
Laws don’t apply when you’ve got money. Sad but true.	25
I'll pass.	20
Do people really have that big of a problem with border security? Lol fuckin children	1
I’m scared to fall asleep——-	14
nice one! but it‘s a much more underground one I think	0
This is kinda cute	0
Teach her the importance of standing up for herself and being a strong person	20
yeah. many people mentioned that. also Shield Brah questions beastmen racism .	4
Damn never heard of that, I stand corrected!	9
"I wish they can a option to change it back after the ""upgrade"" because it feels more like a downgrade"	20
Aww. That's cute. You're right back at square one.	0
Lmao that guy is awesome. You know he probably just found his new hobby.	0
Please stop using that term.	3
Just split for gods sake before kids are born.	3
Please don't.	10
I suppose all the other [NAME] dont count as competition	4
Finally gamers are being recognised as a valid gender by the State.	4
It's so simple. Problem solved.	4
Do you regularly go around calling people a know-it-all when they've generously provided you with specific information you've demanded?	7
That’d be lovely. Although now I have to root for AD to the Lakers which makes my chest hurt	17
Now this is some good fucking content	13
Yes it’s like passing around the donation plate in church.	4
I want [NAME] to come back and do [NAME]	8
Mine fell out of my turquoise juul and it didn’t make any difference other than the light being brighter lmao. It’ll be fine	1
Gorguis jumper looks so clean when he has a minute to line it up	20
Yo that guys hot what's his reddit	7
Gotcha! I don't know why I focused only on [NAME]. That's an interesting notion which I'll ponder on for a while :P	6
She doesn’t even like dog fetus, how picky of her	10
Wonder how many people are walking around with slimey noses trying to figure out if this does work.... Besides me that is	26
No we don't. A small amount is imported into Ontario. The rest of Canada is long or balanced.	10
It could have heat resistant padding on the other side. Honestly in the 1940s it's probably asbestos on the inside lol	1
My gym coach used to make a buch of two pack jokes. This was before [NAME] died so it was alot funnier	1
thanks a ton!	15
The best ad placement.	0
I think they are tied together. It is very difficult to maintain desire if you cannot accept things about that person.	9
It's beyond evil. It is pure demonic when it's that pure sadism and vile sick torture. I hate them guys.	2
We know Verb. Wait a minute, you’re not Verb!	26
>[NAME] Well he forgot to save me from the 'word of hella'.	9
I love it. She really snapped.	18
Pdx sliders. I never had stanich’s unfortunately but pdx sliders has some delicious greasy burgers.	0
I’d gladly	17
This is a great troll. I feel bad for anyone who thinks this is serious.	0
Much better 2nd quarter, keep it up guys.	0
I don't understand the infatuation with modern ones. Everything made before the Murciélago is where it's at.	6
Thank you sis!	15
I hate those days man... So triggering	10
Free fish...nice	0
Think you're pretty funny, don't you, freak?	17
Nailed it!!!	0
Pure unconsitional love can also be dangerous: if the other person turns out to be an abuser you should propably stop loving them	10
I mean [NAME] rookie of the year thing. Lol am dumbass Just a misunderstanding.	1
[NAME], just realized that.	22
Thanks for pointing out the only error I made. Out of everything there, that is what you chose to take issue with.	15
Well he is saying the right sort of things. I'm glad [NAME] won but I'd like to see [NAME] come back well.	4
Using high capital (money/picks) for 3 edge rushers would both be incredibly stupid *and* unjustifiable	10
i never really laughed at it, but its still one of my favorite movies. i view it more as a slice-of-life drama.	18
I love her face in the second one. Embrace your waiste!	18
Just so you know, I think the other responder is a nut & you were right the 1st time!	4
No, but she's lived in Chicago longer than I. 	10
Nah let's not be those people.	10
I was trying to make a friend that was being a douche jealous by telling him I was having a 3 some. Accidentally messaged it to my father.	12
Wow, that really hurts coming from a demented troll sockpuppets brigading me on this sub	26
I really like your writing!	18
Funny when I hear people claim a breed is dangerous, I automatically assume they are trash.	1
People actually cancelled their subscriptions because they didn't endorse him. These same people call others 'snowflakes'. lol	1
Probably alive. At the end of the video we see him getting up and he doesn't have any visible injuries.	20
After reading this comment, I wholeheartedly hope the rest of your life is beyond wonderful. 🤣	20
I think we can all agree that [NAME] sucks	4
I wish I could say the same, I feel like something important would happen and I wouldn’t know	8
thanks... I've added both these to my growing animal multi-sub... =D	15
I just looked that up... Dear [NAME] why?	7
I like Nurse. He shows grit. This is the stuff [NAME] should be doing.	18
to be fair it wouldnt be bad living there since its normal to have giant shoes so its a win basically^^	4
100% this is enough to make me want to watch	4
Their behavior? Going to campuses to talk about fiscal responsibility and [RELIGION] values is something that is bad? You’re a bigot, just admit it. 	3
Hopefully with in this day and age where there ar rapid technology improvements, this child will be able to live at least a semi normal life	20
Ah well, that'll do it. Thanks for the clarification. Should have been obvious really...	15
His left hand is mightily fucked.	25
I think they were always pretty but less visable pretty because being overweight can alter the face.	0
It’s broken garbage. The most broken unbalanced tekken game by so much it will make your eyes bleed and give you a brain tumor.	3
Feminist narrative... it's always the mans fault even when he's helping someone out, sleeping, and gets murdered.	3
"She always says the most basic things""wow he hit him"" and her lisp is pretty annoying."	3
Of course. And dont think for a second we dont know who this really is! [NAME]!	6
I’m fully onboard with you there, I was more commenting that to get the liberals in this sub thinking, since ACAB gets downvoted into oblivion 	4
"New word for me: tetch·y /ˈteCHē/ adjective bad-tempered and irritable. ""she had always been tetchy and impatient with him"""	3
I love this because she doesn't even start out well and end poorly- it was bad the whole way through.	18
I remember the last protest we hid against these guys. Scum bags	22
I'm 21. I've entered adulthood and I even have to face negative comments from family members. Adulthood won't save me.	25
Someone else said that, I never examined it that closely because I was too busy having a good laugh lol.	1
Lindt don’t fuck about	2
Wonderful :D, she looks like [NAME] from Frozen, or [NAME] form Dota 2. Great job!	0
I think that's also what I'm saying so we're good.	0
So predictable. I bet the bomb is in the puck. Anyway, im exited for the [NAME] and the robot butler cameo.	13
Bloody Sundae ([NAME] x [NAME]).	3
I honestly can't remember how many things ended up in my hair for this very reason. Break out the peanut butter and conditioner, OP.	6
I cant stop seeing SS VS BM	13
"Haha ""like a snake on a toddler"". "	1
So you don’t agree with having success, self-worth and self-respect, and a purpose in life?	10
I would consider it a date! Plus dancing (ballroom) is intimate...hope you have fun and good luck!	20
Wet dreams don't count	10
[NAME] 12 min long? That other 1 min video spoiled me.	26
"Two supposedly separate accounts created a day apart both misspell ""faggot"" the same way. Same dude confirmed."	4
Interesting read. Thanks for sharing	15
I’m a crybaby now, but I’m so happy to see happiness	17
Welcome to the hype train. hahhaha	17
Sorry its such a long post guys	24
Ooooooooh. Yeah I did not get that. Makes sense, thanks 	15
Wow did you really just scam me😔	26
Are you implying that I can not determine guilt by seeing a person's skin color and tense smile, you fucking racist?	2
Meth is a hell of a drug.	2
Ouch, my heart. I never even thought about this...	9
i wouldn't call that passive aggressive at this point, it's flat out aggressive and i love it.	18
Yeah I agree with you tbh. A rough patch of form from us and the 5 point lead could be gone fast	4
i am uncomfortable	3
Nah we love telling people to post hog, you're just making our day better.	10
All. I too, am drunk, and will be enjoying half price burgers at Whitlow's once my appetite kicks in. 	17
This is simple but great.	0
Lol you're scared	1
I still hated the system though. I felt penalized for using anything that wasn't the power beam the entire game.	2
Thanks for pointing them out, it's hard to see through my tears 😢	15
Gonna use this on my kids tomorrow, thanks kindly	15
You have to be REALLY old to be too old to appreciate rap music. Rap music started in the 1970s.	0
Yeah thats gucci man. You wander off into needy territory if she says no and you pester and beg her.	4
If its our fault for stocking it in the wrong place, its our fault - within reason of course.	22
bahhhhh i didnt know this existed. i love/hate you. - [NAME]	6
Just hearing that thing's carapace sliding around and it's feet hitting the ground would make me vomit.	11
She's on quite the journey of discovery about herself atm. Excellent meme-terial.	0
Yeah, try to buy a relationship, good idea...	0
Cant wait to hear a hot take from the second dumbest people who ever loved ([NAME] ots the first if you are asking)	13
I've heard vegetarians talking about various sources of cholesterol, maybe try r/vegetarian and ask what meats they prefer?	4
The EU delusion:why a utopian project was always doomed to failure.	9
This. Making my animals happy is one of the only things that makes me happy.	17
Females would be pressured the other way obviously	3
Do I make you ornery, baby? Do I?! Ok.. Yeah, I probably do now..	4
You are oddly defensive about a random chef. Did you come to /r/wewantplates just to insult people and build up this chef? [NAME]	2
Even better, won't feel as bad eating the whole thing in one sitting then.	20
In the prequels the son couldn't save the mother. Maybe things will be different this time...	9
OK. How old was the father when you got pregnant?	7
The duck looks very dignified. Some might even say he looks presidential.	0
I might be interested, been playing 5e in a couple campaigns now, happy to talk further!	17
I did the poll slowly. Is that ok?	7
Thanks [NAME] but I don't think you understood the context of the phrase in my post and you should probably just fuck off.	15
Why the hell do we sit trae in crunch time we probably won't win. Give him the XP. Very frustrating.	2
Stay hydrated, move slowly and stay cool.	5
Even with their new location around the corner, they are still incredibly awful. By far the worst [NAME]. 	11
She looks like that in every photo	22
[NAME], [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] all at top tier make me happy	17
I have tried and succeeded. You’ve just had bad luck my friend.	10
I still love figment!	18
Ireland because Ireland. Not me but i did something pretty scary.	14
Educate yourself! Stay in your lane! (It all sounds so totalitarian if you look at it more closely.)	5
What did he say?	7
We need the pen kid to drop a beat to this.	8
How is this the epitome of slavery? Nobody is forcing you to do this. Stop being dramatic.	2
"yup I was like ""what, are porn mags scary now?"" and then it clicked"	22
> traffic through there in the summer is awful because that’s where everyone wants to be. your life starts to revolve around bridge time.	11
I don't understand why this is funny. All of it honestly. She os body shaming [NAME], why should we love that? 	6
Oh that's cheating then lol	1
These look fantastic. Please go and work for the Suns, they need you more than they know.	0
Considering their plans, they won't have to spend too much time in order to consider it the rest of their life..	22
I agree, but with having [NAME] and [NAME] on, he was still our MOTM. 	4
[NAME] just played her ass...hehehe	1
Crap. Well, it's still horribly high on Vancouver Island... Wonderful.	0
She doesn’t deserve the hate. That mug, ladies and gentlemen, is phenomenal	4
Better get a paternity test sorted for my munchkin of a partner and his equally munchkin daughter, he'll be thrilled. 	5
that's some nice evidence you got there.	0
Thank you.	15
Juicing at 19 seems so extreme to me	13
Love evolves. Try and imagine life without her. I always see an abyss within me when I imagine that.	18
Everytime I confront her about she gets super pissed and things I’m “overreacting”.	3
"Yeah like ""oh yeah? No shit?"""	2
I guessed this	20
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.	3
Oh believe me, we’d love that too	18
LOVE JAMES TOO	18
The girl on the right got glass stuck in her leg poor girl	9
>so it doesn't seem like I'm a ~~whimp~~ wimp If someone actually says that to you, they're the wimp not you.	3
After a few loops of the fall is it just me that thinks he’s doing it on purpose?	6
I discussed this shop with my cop buddy, he also trusts it. Thanks!	15
Interesting that the starters are out there in a blowout on the first night of a back to back, [NAME] must be trying to send a message to them	13
Thank you. I’ll look into those books.	15
VR Mechwarrior would be awesome	0
Are you implying this is not CGI?	7
Glad you liked it!	17
[NAME] and [NAME] would be the prettiest duo of all time PAUSE	0
*Dread it, run from it* *[NAME] still arrives*	14
Arguably they do, otherwise they wouldn't be out protesting for support?	3
Thank you [NAME] for helping us keep our wisdom!	15
I like how the squirrel play dumb when the cat is watching it. And then Boom!	4
Dallas should feel absolutely horrible this is a 1 goal game given how patheticallly bad the Devils are tonight.	3
No there is, because as soon as it’s a human it is entitled certain unalienable rights. 	4
Don't live near Chicago but still have my winner from the Dec 21 game. Hope I can still use it when I'm back on the 27th.	20
I like Kate spade	18
Ecosystem in a puddle, nice	0
The new live-action movie looks great!	0
Because [NAME] loves the American military more than any other one.	18
No it wouldn't you dumbass	2
This, great soundtrack to	0
Too late with having it back. I really did'nt have much back then. So I had a really hard time too.	25
Do I come across as thin-skinned? Hm, never noticed. Maybe it's an allergic reaction to dishonesty.	7
Wow you’re pathetic for calling out someone who did something right	10
Thankyou! Good luck with your search! An AP is out there for you!	15
HAHAHAHA... Damn it.... I knew that was coming. Alright, I will try to upload it into this thread on my lunch break.	1
Congrats to you	17
Then [NAME] took little Donnie Two Scoops out to get a happy meal because he's been such a good top businessman!	0
He got caught stealing luggage and got arrested for a felony. That’s the general story. What kinda emotion could I add?	7
For a sub about motivation y'all are a bitter bunch haha	1
It's the best, I haven't been so happy in a long time!	0
I don't know about you but parroting racist lies created specifically to devalue AM sexuality is a pretty serious indicator of racism to me.	10
Thank you so much. I will involve my landlord/Roomie	15
Lol, no one can say that because you don’t know who the fucking shooter is. What’s going through your head?!	1
Don't worry we'll just whip up a quick song!	5
Im gonna go on those subs, wish me luck	15
It is honestly just garbage, I'm surprised they're allowed to be ads	26
Damnit--good point.	15
Don't get the downvotes. I found it funny	1
I'm a fan from Oregon and listen to KFANN alot. If PA i sucks so much what do locals listen to?	7
That goat is a bro I'd prolly try to buy him for where ever he came from	8
Say what? I don't get the joke - is that the founder of the MLM? Are you talking sexually or financially *railed*?	7
Basically he is trying to start something based on a lie, not good. If I were you, I wouldn't see this person again.	3
This is very [serious], how dare you guys mock this [serious] science?!	2
Thank I may just try to find halal store and buy snacks that are popular . I heard even marshmallow may not comply.	15
Sounds pretty typical from Toyota really. Been hearing the same story from too many people. Sad really because they were always the best.	25
This pleases me.	4
Oh god, [NAME] is terrible. My kid loves it though, and Dr [NAME]	14
But really though, it really contextualizes how bad this coaching search has been that the Rams' QB coach is the only guy we can be optimistic about	10
Would you’ve still got with her if you’d known beforehand? No judgement, just curious.	7
When people don't understand things they invent gods. how little we have changed in all these years.	3
True but I am a fan of [NAME] and I'm just relieved he pulled through even if his victory did not make me any richer.	23
You should be much, much more worried about a rise in fascism than pedophilia. Thinking that pedophilia will be normal is just plain paranoid.	4
Those fries look delicious!!!	13
What an ass. I almost downvoted this out of anger.	2
I think it was a one time thing because they still go for a lot more. I got lucky.	17
NOLA is a terrible place to live, ran by democrats forever and this is the result. 	10
I'm excited as a Lions fan.	13
Post them all! Love old pics.	18
I dont like my rights being restricted on the grounds of race. That is the issue.	10
As a teacher, I agree. Adding 'under [NAME]' just makes it feel all the more forced and disingenuous.	4
lol, yes. But last time I posted, a lot of people were complaining there was no audio. So I mentioned it in title.	1
I once had a guy yell something obscene from the window of his truck and throw a half full beer can at me too... good times	17
He’s been a duke homer since the 90s lol at this point In his career we know what we’re getting with [NAME]	1
Been spamming [NAME] in gold/plat elo, nashors into lich bane then hourglass is disgusting if you play it right.	11
This is great. Good Yard!	4
She just did a story about hitting 3k followers.. all thanks to HHH lol	15
You had good heals.	0
That's no coincidence, factorio was inspired by modded Minecraft and iirc the first public post about the project was on the industrial craft forum	4
I’d like to add that it’s British slang. We also use ‘kiddy fiddler’.	4
Nice job censoring u/alexneverafter right there	0
[NAME] is that you?	7
Happy B'day for Thursday!	13
Thank you, this is genuinely helpful. 	15
I don't believe they distribute to Austin.	10
So many. [NAME], [NAME], [NAME], [NAME] (with her eyebrows), [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] are some of my favorites. 	18
Can anyone link the article? I can't find it	6
Yeah, not the worst thing I've heard from him	22
I don't understand but I do	6
what i dont understand is WHY the media hasn't yet picked up this story?? Especially with [NAME] in the zeitgeist.	6
I think it can be good, bad, and everything in between. It's inevitable given the forward progress of civilization.	6
no, the epilogue has one ending.	10
Thanks for clearing that up for me, now I know that I do not need to rush a play-through of the game. :)	15
Yea its really dissapointing	9
Damn i am sad that got deleted	25
I'm still surprised this thing is only 2 Lanes in each direction	26
Anybody wanna go on a picnic with me? Alpaca lunch.	7
If the kid knew what she had on her mind, he's been corrupted way too young..	11
Fuck these calls	2
Oh great so now i need a tv license or to watch in potato. This is piss poor.	3
That's how I apologize to carists, too	24
A whale would probably choke to death if it tried to swallow you.	4
MDMA makes me happily social. I wish the researchers would get on that one.	8
> bacon You had my curiosity, but now you have my attention	7
I’m shocked at how big that defeat is.	26
Wait, WHAT?!?!	26
So nothing? His office is going to do nothing? Or will the location of the office be a fictional place?	6
So very sweet! Brotherly love	18
Oh wow, I feel bad for the parents, they had no idea	25
this is a fun and cute presentation etc WAAAAAAAH	1
I dont mind these people dying, what bothers me is that some random bystander could be smashed by this guy should he fall	25
Hows it smell down there 9 points below the wild card spot. Ya fuckin pine cone	3
I was looking forward to seeing the new predator, this (the concept, not the spoiler) would have made me dissapointed, yet intrigued	9
No offense but...she's not pretty either so I'm confused why she'd say that car is only for ugly women.	10
I never understood why the idea of always swinging pitches served to you on a plate seems radical.	6
And the human babies - don’t forget them! Totally wicked! Sad!	25
I'm not a pats fan but the ones that [NAME] and [NAME] post on their IGs are actually pretty cool	0
I dont watch battle rap. Do these guys come up with these on the spot, because that's amazing.	0
I didn't realize being in my late 20s qualified me as a senior citizen, where do I get my AARP card?	22
I’ve never heard of this before. That’s awful.	11
I like how adamant you are that you didnt woosh yourself	18
The one coach I didn't want to lose, but with a new offense coming in, not a move i'm entirely shocked by. 	9
I wouldn’t be mad. We need someone who knows what the hell theyre doing	8
you're just pretending you dont know what this cartoon is about, it's utterly ridiculous. 	1
Pig Latin kills me internally this is why plastic surgery exsists.	3
It never ends well	25
To bad trophy wife doesn't have 4th place.	3
Very sorry for your loss.	16
Agree!!	4
All of troomtroom videos on YouTube are this odd and unnecessary. Some even more so. And their thumbnails are interesting	7
im putting my faith in you son	20
I love almost everything Ethiopian but by [NAME] is Ethiopian music hard to listen to	18
I prefer men under 5’10 but I’ve never heard anyone piss and moan or call *that* discrimination.	3
That's the worst possible outcome	11
Fuck sake man	2
Also said he’s had a really good season lol	1
i hope kawhi doesnt step foot outside its cold af today	20
Screw them. We do what we have to do to get our kids to eat.	2
multicultural makeup'? There's the indigenous people, the [NAME], and the illegal settlers, don't make me laugh 	1
Gonna try GW2, might try GW1 if I don't like it. Thanks!	15
Different color for different people, please and thank you.	15
FaceTime actually sounds like a brilliant solution. I don't know why I didn't think of that, but I'm glad you did! 	15
Where did you get those tunnels? I love them and would like some myself!	17
Cute but I dont like where this is going	10
LPT for controversial thing use bing. They dont filter as muchas google.	10
We desperately need a veteran WR with so many rookies around. Like a [NAME] for [NAME] and company.	8
[NAME] saying she works all year. Most people work all year that’s normal!!!	4
And then in a weird twist her family tries him for murder. Haha!	11
Yeah, obviously. But that the joke relies on calling upon how outraged [NAME] was that he was penalised. 	4
Thank you for your wisdom, [NAME]....	15
Wow,29 turnovers. Something to talk about	26
It would bother me so much to be so dependet from a Person. I am sure there is a way you can go without a person sponsoring You.	20
Thanks dude!	15
Yeah, I’m at the dh store. so it’s far but not that far. People really are horrible. 	14
I'm glad he's still watching	17
Thanks!! :)	15
Fuck your opinion apparently	2
My name is [NAME] too. It's so strange hearing my favorite bravolebs say it on TV.	26
The absolute worst!	11
After 6 weeks, anything becomes a habit I hear. 	22
> All the complexity was lost in Oblivion, and it was a huge disappointment. So you are agreeing with me?	7
It's crisp, no filler material. Interesting protagonists. Amazing music. Good way to spend 6 hours.	0
Annnnd that's too far. I think you should go home and rethink your life.	5
That [NAME] laugh gets me everytime. League pass commercial breaks are the best.	0
Drives me crazy.	13
"""You people""? I think [NAME] is a moron but I think the [NAME] hysteria is equally if not more so moronic."	3
<3 BTW it does sound like you're generally doing brilliantly, all things considered. 	0
Oh, I saw it. I was giving him the benefit of the doubt to see if he wound up saying the quiet part out loud.	5
No but that doesn’t mean people were less happy in the past.	10
Could have been worse if a piece of metal exploded into him instead harmlessly on the beach	11
Did he died?	7
Sounds magical!	13
I was actually thinking naming it hardcore mode Would make it more enticing for people too. Funny you called it that.	1
Mental illness. Operation on 7 people in a manic state . Four of them died. All his money was gone and his rich friends abandoned him.	25
Worrying about [NAME] during a game is ridiculous. Especially when he's currently 6-11 from the field.	14
I hope you’re okay. I’m here to talk if you need someone	20
the girl looked the happiest out of all of them to get a puck, that man is amazing	0
>I’ve been forward in the past and it didn’t work at all lol. You're doing it wrong.	1
Errr, i didn't want to risk get in trouble with the discipline master, especially since we weren't on good terms at that point in time	10
One of the more disgusting virtue signals I've seen	11
I have not yet. But I have been advised to. Thank you!	15
Oh, it’s you again. Here: 	26
You were really fortunate! See, that’s what I imagined would happen... 	20
Lifesite “News” doxxed him. That website is just pure hatred distilled, it’s disgusting.	11
Oh, awesome!	0
now I kinda wish [NAME] wasn't an imaginary cartoon character because this would actually be fun.	17
I hate betting unders.	2
could you go a bit further on the unethical journalist practices that occurred?	7
He looks cute, but if you have drugs in your underwear, he will attac. 	0
How could I not? These actors...I love them. Their faces give me joy, hope. 	18
Edgy bro.	19
Of course it bothers you. She just admitted that something inconsequential to your relationship would be a dealbreaker.	9
Dude. Same. That would just be... Devastating.	25
Thanks, i will try to look into possible causes. 	15
Pm me I'd love to buy it from you if you have any spare!	8
Haha look at that poor person slime, can’t even afford the wire hahaha	1
-20 here and I took the dog for a walk. He's lucky I love him.	18
You good.	0
Damn, she was gonna clobber that punk with the butt of that gun.	3
>![NAME]. Apologies to the Hiyoko Best Girl gang but I could never get myself to like her...!<	25
You sound like a creep dude	1
Not necessarily. Simply giving both of them the legal right to choose to *not* be a parent would create equality within the constraints of biology.	10
The shocking thing about this all is that she seems to be British born. I'd expect this from immigrants, not those born in the UK.	26
You weren’t here for the original wording but thanks for playing.	15
I enjoyed the 1:50 seconds of this person going about their day uneventfully	17
You sound upset. Maybe take a break, kiddo. Everyone knows [NAME] wouldn't answer the bell anyhow. Just proved it.	5
The way i eat fried rice that may be practical for me. Love me some fried rice.	18
I wish you luck anyway lmao, and don't think so down of yourself, i believe you'll do great 	20
Fuck the people that couldn't make rent, pay bills or medical costs because of the shutdown, right?	2
I was kidding.	1
Right. You can fix ignorant. You can’t fix stupid.	4
Wow these are amazing	0
"""And, over here Sir we have the automatic folding model. It is quite remarkable."""	0
I think you're doing a great job modding <3 Can I have flair now?	0
Where is it	7
Not a problem! I feel for everyone of you ladies, and yall all my my sympathy and empathy. 	5
great show.	0
C'mon [NAME]! If you get this done quickly, the sooner [NAME] can begin.	4
I'm elated to hear that 🤗	17
Fries with vinegar sound completely awfull	17
Might not have fallen if little miss [NAME] didn’t have to pull her skirt back.	24
I can't believe [NAME] is considered an mua and he can find match his foundation lmao	26
no its amazing.	26
My mother did this to me and it took years to get everything fixed. Almost cost me my job.	22
So edgy.	14
Thanks, I really appreciate your advice :) 	15
I just mean symbolically it's weird to call your own flesh a 'blanket'.	11
Why would you give your credit info to a company who doesn’t do background checks???	7
Actually my biggest question is why people are working if they aren't getting paid	6
Peering into the void Out of the abyss Something stirs Terrible secrets _____ Hope is lost Once it wakes [NAME] is dead	9
Man I love reddit.	18
All the best!	5
Holy shit he hit him hard	3
Champaign’s a weird town in that aspect..	3
where’s that tashy bastard	2
Okay, two men's fault.	4
WHAT you guys get this show on Netflix? We certainly do not get it in Canada what is this bullshit	7
This!!!! Just. THISSSS.	3
I couldn’t imagine putting a brand new car on these roads, let alone a Tesla.	10
I dare each or any of you fuckasses to try and blame [NAME] for this one	2
I agree it’s disrespectful to so blatantly disregard her parents wishes but yes, otherwise too uptight.	4
ROFL! Just about! Didn’t know someone’s eyes could bug out of their head like that outside of cartoons. ;-)	1
I regret my psycho ex. Does that mean I was raped? Or do the rules not apply because I'm a man?	2
Surely anyone can submit an application for a writ of habeas corpus?	4
you deserve love too	18
Nah, some cake sniffers were enjoying the books way before.	17
Sounds like you got really lucky bro :). Did you ever see the guy again? If so, did he ever bully you again? 	7
I don't think this is bad enough for the police chief to be embarrassed. (He should be, but he won't be)	10
Mate just go out and get yourself a steak dinner, you will enjoy it much more than Artifact.	17
I more than half expected there to be an AK in there. Still very much impressed.	0
Not super subtle with my water tool on top though. Thank god for my backyard!	15
Love him.	18
You two are perfect for one another.	0
Well this hurt tonight but it could have been worse. Plus the bears choked. LOL. Offset the hurt a bit.	1
Oh no, not what I meant at all! Sorry for the confusion :O	6
 Whoa, my little brother had that toy! Awesome.	0
I would love it if they could, but I don't think his trade value is that high	18
Tell him he needs to go to rehab or he’ll be kicked out.	2
"I'd go with ""Thanks"" and leave it there or maybe ask what exactly they are praying for depending on what kinda relationship it is."	15
I’m thinking yes and this was done on purpose.	4
Everytime I see something in this sub that looks sharp, I get very worried. 	19
I'm speechless.	26
Oh. That is unfortunate	25
We do? Strong disagree.	10
Be happy because I won't be short anymore one day	17
"not really. but those people that go out of their way to say stuff like ""have a blessed day"" or whatever kinda creep me out. "	10
I'm in. Hopefully I don't end up on the dumpster fire that is the Oilers	20
"I love how some people have the mindset ""children should be seen not heard, unless they something rediculously outlandish then they must have a supernatural connection."""	18
Ahh. I forgot that was a thing with large breeds.	22
😂 sometimes I love old people. Not always. But sometimes! I ant wait to be an old ass troll saying shit like this.	18
I did not notice. What's the point of dark blue lenses over cold, dead, black eyes?	7
This list is phenomenal and your username is witty! I’m saving this. Thank you for posting it!	15
It's the wisdom of the fool.	3
[NAME] and I, we're gonna have a hell of a time!	13
Long arm is an amazing ganking tool (one of the best) with many possible one-shot ganks.	0
Awesome! [NAME] is stilling kicking it through the uprights!	0
Improved by removing the third panel, improved by removing garfield. What can we remove that doesn't improve garfield?	4
How to pretend to be the woman who had her face ripped off by Travis the chimp	6
The thing is, they've whipped themselves into such a rabid frenzy, literally anything less than the apocalypse is going to be a bit underwhelming.	9
I’m glad you’re safe now and nothing bad happened!	23
okay, this is epic!	0
That’s actually a great idea if I ever have a kid that acts like I did!	4
I’m not sure what there is to disagree about. It was obviously a subjective claim.	6
It's an interesting case study in scams	13
Wow.... So many people here apparently don't know poly relationships exist.... Just say thanks. Why would it be weird?	23
> lots of ppl dont enjoy pvp I feel like these people are playing the wrong game genres lol.	10
"What do you want out of this situation? To be friends? Or are you still thinking that she is going to ""come around"""	6
And those are countries ruled according to [RELIGION] principles?	7
[NAME] is amazing...	0
The shading makes her face look like she has lumps under her skin.	22
You were inebriated and eating ratshit.	11
I’ve tried a few times on mobile and it never works for some reason. Edit: just logged on at work and fixed it. Feels good	17
>recommending Elite mode to first time players My stomach turns in disgust	11
Star Wars fans? Backlash? Nah.	10
[NAME] became president and yet you think [NAME] becoming president is farfetched? Lol	1
Wouldn't you think it's better to just show up earlier?	7
"""Lol, hold my craft beer."""	1
i assume there will be a ring involved in this movie like his other 2 most recent films?	7
I’m baked and the fact that you updated yourself is extremely satisfying to me so thanks for that.	15
Yo this is actually awesome storytelling and also if I were you I would have clocked [NAME] into next week. Just sayin.	0
no it doesn't, hmmmm I sent in an ask on the discord support page about finding people so lemme check that	10
He raped her. What is wrong with you? Go back to Incels.	7
So brave!	0
I dont believe you	10
They are so damn handsome!	0
What a nice sub	0
ranked is perfect and elo gap doesnt exist (fucking kill me)	9
I do. That thing about your mom is weird. Go get help.	5
How dare they ask me to be a good person! I'll show em!	2
Hi, [NAME]! I am stopping by to wish you the best day, and the best year! -HappyFriendlyBot	5
Let their deaths be swift	16
That looks disgusting.	11
You clearly know exactly what your talking about with your medical terminology...damn your intelligent. 🖕	0
Oh I hate him even more now.	2
"Is there such thing as ""only a cat""?"	7
I love your entire look, from your hair to your pout to the wallpaper (!)	0
Wow yeah similar to my story what a nightmare :(	26
I'm going to look so handsome for you, [NAME].	13
Oh ok. I was looking at the wrong subs then. Good to know.	22
This card has been awesome so far. Great debut for ESPN.	0
bruh is trash and has been for a long long time. y'all won. congrats. see you in Death Valley.	3
It's a superfund site with a couple of inches of topsoil on it. Have fun with your cancer dummies.	17
First I thought this was a repost then I realized you posted this five times straight...	22
Love this picture	18
I'm so stupid, I can do this. On accident. so not very well.	3
If that mask could talk it would beg someone to end it's suffering.	25
Tell him to breathe quietly during the show or else! Ha ha ha	1
Just look at Speedwagon. That man is... a beauty to say the least.	0
If you abuse a dog don’t be surprised when it bites you. Something something reap what you sow.	22
Well, he was until season 3, which was ironically when [NAME] made them take that test.	9
No biggie, dude, sorry I got all triggered, I just reeeally love [NAME] 	18
Please tell me your shop didn't get you in trouble for that D:	3
Not just that. Falling oil prices really hit Iran very hard (and is about to hit Iraq's next year budget hard next year as well).	20
Id be pretty pissed if my prime didn't auto renew	3
"60 young men standing around... ""Look out that old native dude is coming right at us... DEFENSIVE POSITIONS SHIELDS UP!"""	19
in what world is that sentence anything other than transphobia lmfao	7
We’re gonna need a bigger boat.	8
Ssssssh, don't tell them. It's a natural way to filter the gene pool from stupid people. 	4
I love a good leg pop	18
You people are awful. Those are *Haggisus Australis*. They're a protected species!	2
Nah, I'm good. But thanks.	15
A stork bite your baby?!?! *kidding*	1
Your both right and I'd rather have the drink than a rynair flight !	4
You don't get it man	10
Oh man, I forgot about that! Which episode was that from?	7
I love democracy	18
In foreign policy terms we're no better than Russia. We're guilty of everything they are.	9
Are you happy at your work?	7
Ok ill get right on that. I have all day to hunt. Thanks for the quick reply.	15
Oh man, I didn't know that. No wonder he has no care for it. Does he have any post secondary education?	7
U gotta work hard to get those virgins son.	0
"What a very ""centrist"" thing to say. "	26
for me it was def the egg yolk. i’m pouting as i reluctantly eat it.	25
I mean, none of us think it’s an insult. You don’t need to explain that.	10
Why not $1 million per hour muhahahah	7
I love this guy.	18
The housemate is a genius!	0
Yeah I'll probably do some baking with it! I might also like it better after a while, I was just very surprised today 😂	26
How can someone be so stupid, hope it hurt maybe learn not to do that again.	7
Hey, she's pretty hot	0
“Love” under threat of execution. Wow.	3
The Get Shorty show when he subs in for the guy at the table reading and destroys everybody with his skills is so good.	0
Yeh thanks man , been into meditation and mindfulness for a longtime , tho maybe not the most dedicated it def helps	15
She is still a billionaire. I guess stupid Tweets are going to bankrupt her?	7
Ohh it gets even more interesting:	13
I like this rule because in life there are always exceptions. The problem is when you start feeling entitled to *being* that exception.	18
Nothing wrong with that! Sounds awesome :)	0
I agree. The funny part *is* the funny part.	4
Who's the top three craft brewers in the area??	7
I have clinical depression so my mind pretty much has this outlook on any slight thing that doesn't go my way in life. Thanks for your comment.	15
i was leaving areal comments not pormotions but acctually i was leaving many	4
*I hate laughing!*	3
I reported you :-) Expect to find your comment deleted within a few hours :-)	20
Confound your toll Troll!	26
Hahaha well good! Let me know if you have any questions or anything	1
I’m currently putting a investigative task force together and I believe that I could be done assembling that team in as early as 400 years!	20
So having a baby you don’t want is [NAME] will, but having a baby you do want is going to put you in hell? 	10
Does not look bad! Thnx!	15
Love taking my girl out for sush	18
I don't even care about the draft, I've tasted playoff hopes and I'm not going back.	4
SWTOR is horrible when you want to play together with someone. So many parts that you can't join in on.	10
Not any harder than in chicken wings, imho.	10
Remember when that one guy went on “Carpenter is awful” campaign? That meltdown was my favorite	18
This is straight up depressing	25
Thanks for all the down votes!	15
I like [NAME] but he's biased. If he's planning to becoming a real journalist he needs to leave his bias at home.	10
This really hurts my feelings.	25
[NAME] is also a Vikings fan. I'd love to have him on the longboat.	18
Well then you obviously have no fucking clue what equality means.	3
Well, she was completely and utterly heartbroken. By my stupidity. So there's that.	9
Haha .. In pakistan 47 is the normal temp during summer... Lol noob.. Gg ez	1
I lol'd bigly an atempted to reverse your downdoots	1
For most people after 4 to 5 hours it gets up to the full resolution	4
Thanks! I'm glad you got a kick out of it.	15
What do you call someone who graduates at the bottom of their PhD program? Doctor.	7
As if they're going to go through that much effort... they wont even walk up the stairs to get to the box	3
Your dog is soooo cute	18
Update: still alive, the paranoia is gone 	4
And feminism, the movement that started with fighting for the right for women to vote hates elections. 	22
Haha I hear ya man. Congrats! It's a real ride.	1
Outside of Belpedio we really don't have a lot of decent call ups on D. PS It's amazing how much [NAME] has improved this year.	0
And she jumped into sewage. Yeh, no.	10
Holy shit I didn’t realize he didn’t fumble all season that’s wild	26
I will GLADLY tell him to his face. And have.	17
This sounds like a great idea!	0
I went to McDonald’s and ate. I guess I also enjoy psychological manipulation	1
Oh. For real? I stand corrected then. I haven't encountered that before. 🤷🏻‍♀️	7
Oooh, hasn't seen that one. My favourite song is the first half of Miss Me.	17
Thank you. I really appreciate the help	15
Thank you for your advice! I really do appreciate it and will implement it as the kids get older.	15
I’d love it!!! Can you get it to Long Beach?	18
Woah! 4 new maps in a year! That’s so lucky!! Not like we got 10+ maps in 2017 for bf1..	13
Don't date broke/jobless women. I have a job and I always offer to pay the bill or split.	10
FIDLAR dropped their new album today (yesterday?). It is certainly...different. But I'm enjoying it all the same	17
Oh ok cool so I don't feel bad at all about it then.	23
I love that this Subreddit has so many good food suggestions! I'm kinda new to the area and still getting my bearings.	0
I haven’t seen a good repost in a while. Thank OP I’m mean karma whore	15
You can't just ignore [NAME]' cup wins though.	3
Wow another person in Dunedin uses Reddit	26
And then we wish for winter because it's so damn hot, thus the cycle continues. 	8
Dude is hilarious	1
wow, there's no way [NAME] should 'er scored that	26
EXACTLY. gimme some muscly arms and a little bit of a belly. I'd take that over a rock hard body any day of the week.	4
Oh, wow, I didn't know my Dad had a Reddit account.	26
"""Wildlife Safari is excited to offer paintings made by the elephants living right here in Southern Oregon!"" "	13
That seems crazy that you can't hit higher frame rates. I can hit 80fps consistent with a 1080. Something weird is going on here.	9
I mean, it's aight	4
Fair. Actually fuck the last few songs on Bleach.	3
Same here. The ones who know me and my obsession always let me know and it makes me happy.	17
Have a lovely day.	18
I love how they cannibalize each other.	18
Thank you brother. I saw you once!	15
.. :< you're welcome ;;	15
Fun fact about this band is [NAME] the Black Keys and countless other stuff) has produced all of their albums.	0
It was such a strange error.	26
I wish I could :( tried	8
2. I hate to say it but it’s the same thing I do and I hate myself for it	12
Lawdaddy and dadturion the ultimate combo.	0
wow, here in Brazil people say the opposite of this phrase, also makes me mad	26
He doesn’t, he’s terrified, cries and hugs you. Basically one of the scariest scenes in TWD.	14
"I do enjoy how insignificant the belltower looks in its surroundings nowadays. Still a waste of money. Thanks [NAME] of ""Wes-tern Australia""."	15
More rudeness, misogyny and sexism from [NAME]. If it wasn't so predictable it would be upsetting. [NAME]. 	9
This hurts my brain	25
I love this, and #2	18
my little abomination	11
Captain you ARE wrong. You’re wrong nooption to argue. I have the final rule ! Nope not gonna listen.	10
The game will come out for the switch this year. Was wondering how they would manage the combat system. Now I know.	7
I'm a Broncos fan. I'll never, ever root for the Chargers, Chiefs or Raiders. Who the fuck would? 	2
[NAME] is clueless please don't listen to him lol.	1
Cant wait for the [NAME] [NAME] vs [NAME]	13
This is legit. Nobody puts baby in a corner! (Or a box)	4
Yeah I love the shenanigans he gets up to. Shame he hasn't been able to get up to much recently though.	12
Loved that damn [NAME]	18
Not exactly a question but thanks for all you did on the Mets.	15
Thank you sm	15
That hop/shuffle is scary	14
nearly choked on my chicken breast	14
LOL I think I'm the opposite, once I rehearse in my head, I mess up completely; I'm way better at improvising. 	20
Thanks, obviously I didn't put my best foot forward here, but we are chemistry sets that are designed for certain activities etc.	15
OK, I better understand the distinction you're making. Thanks.	15
Don't self-diagnose. Talk to a medical professional and check for known diseases that may cause depression (hashimoto's comes to mind).	5
Well now I think I was wrong	22
Don't be an asshole	2
Yeah I’ve been watching these videos and they are great. Really well done.	0
It's a shame they have [NAME] because a Vuc package would be ideal	3
Exactly. It was The fact that everything happened and ended so suddenly that left me speechless.	26
Ok but what if you hire him into a management position. He makes women feel uncomfortable and a discrimination suit waiting to happen.	11
Damn dude, nice delts	0
Not sure, what organization? How deep are you certified for? Most shops are PADI, but you can cross over easily.	6
Mmmm, I sure do love some Vaseline on a hot piece of toast in the morning. 	18
Wtf is a weeb	2
Where are you getting that information from?	7
So for you, consent and coercion are not mutually exclusive, correct? Are they ever?	7
I love that you have such a great relationship with your brother. Your parents seem pretty great too; if a bit exasperated by you in particular : )	18
This is amazing haha. I think he’s got the type of personality to win too.	1
I had a friend from Palestine who became atheist. I don’t know how many atheists in Palestine there are but I wish there were more!!	8
bravo.. my friend.. bravo.. that was great!! I've never seen that before. That made my day.	13
I'm jealous. Wish I was in fl on my porch.	3
Oh I wouldn't be surprised my dad got away with some shocking things despite cps investigation but he was also white.	22
How did anyone not know what this movie was? WE HAVE OUR OWN RELIGION.	7
Millennials are from 1981-1995. 1983 falls in that range.	4
The saddest thing is you will never understand how absolutely idiotic what you just said is.	25
Only 27? Lol	1
Pretty normal! I have a friend who is exactly the same :)	26
Respect for the homepod I got two of em. Arguably bit overpriced but it’s an amazing product	0
[NAME] is so eloquent! Loved that scene	18
Love the username	18
This game and it’s updates can be very frustrating sometimes. We already discuss the issues to death but meme Monday has been oddly therapeutic	3
North end pizzeria! Best pizza in town	0
that dude steals so many tweets. i hate him	3
One elite run stopper please thanks	15
I was once nearly run over by a moped that was doing 60 MPH in a parking lot. Your comment reminded me of that.	22
Thank you for saying this! (Extended breastfeeding mom of a 2.5 yr old here.)	15
Thank you, see was that so hard	15
you got me for a sec. I was like wow.. that's kind of a weird thing to find h-ohhhh damnit! got me. XD	13
I will pray for you. [NAME] bless	5
Why don’t people just call the cops and give them the video?	3
Mate it's been nice the last couple weeks. You're gonna die when a stormy period arrives.	3
can't tell if trolling or retarded. i think both	6
If anything [NAME] has shown he can do a lot with very little. The Bucs are just a fun team to watch	1
[NAME] increasing his trade value so we can trade him to NO for Lonzo. Thank you [NAME]!	15
That's gonna be the upvote party of the year.	0
"""They didn't get [NAME]. They got [NAME]."" - [NAME] on draft night That boy gud!"	0
yes:)	4
Oh I thought the laugh was from that one mech show	22
Omg lmao 🤣🤣🤣	1
thats really kind, thanks stranger	15
I was trying to click on a baby flamingo but I'm not mad	4
It’s actually thoroughly thought through. Thanks for the comment. It’s just evidently not for you.	15
WE ARE WINNING THIS GAME	13
holy crap that's messed up.	3
But it's such a lovely place!!! I might need help...	0
A Wall is NOT a Volition of the NAP you idiot.	2
Don’t own one and the show is tonight I didn’t realize this dilemma until a few hours ago	22
Damn, politics *does* make strange bedfellows.	2
Idk how but that's nice	4
Hope the horses are ok	5
"I'd love if this just quick-panned to [NAME] giving a brutal RBF while this moid fawned over her ""personality shining"""	18
I shed a tear at how beautifully well said this comment was.	0
Ya it’s Bamas league to lose every year	9
[NAME] went form 4-12 to 11-5 when he switched teams. Coaching success does not necessarily regress with age. Athletic ability does. That's the difference.	22
I really love the sorta sharp angles you used !	18
No credit?? This is the brilliant youtube channel You Suck At Cooking	2
I like the earthquake that occurs after she falls. Glad the cameraman got that on video.	17
I want to undo it, like it tasted good, but just **AGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHh**	0
I had to put Bird Box because it's the only direct to streaming movie I saw. I feel dirty.	11
You might be experiencing a ttd bug?	7
I'll be there! Should be an interesting foray into STOs, and is a sign of what is to come. 	20
If you’re being contentious, then I have no interest in discussing this. There’s plenty of other threads you can search.	3
You know, I'm rather disappointed, but admire your cunning at the same time	9
Can't help that the president hangs out with the bottom of the barrel.	9
What did they do?	7
PLEASE leave my Mother out of this!	25
Sorry, doesn't ring a bell. Do.you know [NAME] ign?	15
Such a beautiful cinematic shot.	0
FUCK YOU CHAD, WE ARE COOL GAMERS RISE UP😎😎😎💯💯💯💯💯🔥🔥👅 BOTTOM TEXT 	2
Bit too left for me lol	1
This can't be serious right? Already 14930 supporters have signed this crap!	6
Hopefully next weekend it's time to be rugby gods ;)	20
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.	13
Thank [NAME] someone else though so!	15
SHUT THAT SOFT ASS SHIT UP	11
I have a long term plan. I appreciate the concern.	0
What’s this ?the Olympics. Everyone is getting gold. Lol	1
I like this area when I go to the aquarium. It's a nice rest spot	18
You know that this happened in germany, do you?	7
I need a woman like this in my life	8
Yeah that is the consensus I got for sure. Looking for a new place to live lol	1
Well. Good... they should know they've pissed me off	3
Getting tougher to make those mortgage **and** car payments.	25
That's just damn creepy.	9
May [NAME] bless your effort and raise your rank in Jannah. And may he bring relief to the [NAME] and all those suffering in the umma Ameen Ameen Ameen	5
PayPal is fucking pricey. 500 bucks to Mexico cost me 60$	2
Hey, quick question how do you add tournament points to your Reddit flair?	7
He suddenly realises that's not his house.	22
How can you look at that. it hurts.	25
It’s definitely a massive problem for both of us. Attributing blame does nothing to solve the problem.	25
Im retarded lmao Etiz/flualp	2
You're a [NAME], wizard.	4
Looks like pure tabbaco but great roll !	0
Thank you for sharing!	15
I regret this knowledge, give me back my ignorance damn it!	24
i think u mean symfuhny lol	1
Its great that redditors who bicker over different topics can come together for a laugh	0
Poor [NAME] she just broke her back	25
I get that but there may be some folks out there that aren’t like that. Any help would be much appreciated.	0
I couldn’t agree with you more!	10
I think the book portrayal is more ambiguous than you say. I like that the show leans into one interpretation of her character instead of keeping it vague.	0
Seeing this makes me happy. I hope this is true :)	17
I'm sorry for you... That sounds not cool :'(	25
Yeah I figured it may be something like that. I was waiting it out too.	22
Did you hear about that old Italian chef? Sadly, he pasta way.	25
Holy crap, that movie was bad.	9
I can't tell if you're serious.	3
Thanks for the link,much appreciated,great info you found.	15
Yep. It's pretty bad having to use work or a paid email and real name on a gaming forum.	3
Nooo. Ireland will now lose those two rounds. The world is unfair	9
I'm sorry for your loss. From the picture it looks like he had a great life if that helps	25
I’d throw it back in for sure 👍🏼 🎣	4
The fact that you stayed this long really doesn’t but the blame on him, you chose this relationship 	9
Why not streamlining that: the fine could be converted to the coverage for the poor students. A good gesture from legislators would help so much.	0
 that’s actually sad, feel bad for him :/	25
Philanthropy really scares some people, doesn't it? People did this to [NAME] too. 	14
Anarchy, anarchy, I don't t know what it is, but I love it.	18
Yeah this is what im currently witnessing with my nephew and nieces. I wish i can do something about it.	8
I’ve never heard of their football team, must be fake news /s	10
in this case, you are paying with both.. it's just as data mineable as any other source	4
Can you stop shilling for Russia every damn time they are mentioned?	7
[NAME] what a stupid job	3
Indeed! Oh [NAME], you are in for a horrible life...	25
Those other people who gave the second one to the boy are pricks. The girl obviously loves hockey more.	18
This is the same federal government that's been shut down for the last month?	7
I partly disagree. In an argument that stupid, whoever writes more text than the other person is inevitably the bigger moron.	10
Imagine being upset by this	20
I hope I have your chemistry knowledge one day	20
How about catching the tines of your fork on a small hole and hearing it scrape across four other holes?	7
Im having a terrible day and you made me laugh thank you	15
See? Your mind is great! You think like [NAME]. And that's pretty cool. He's a dang genious. :)	0
Thanks, I understand what you mean, this made me feel better :)	15
Ooh wrong answer, but you'll have another chance to win 10,000 dollars in the lighting round! Will be right back after these messages.	10
Anyone have that mirror?	7
Don't read, it just gets worse! 	11
So odd numbers one way, even the other. Not too hard to figure out. Would make more sense if they were just in numerical order. 	6
Lol I’m not a [NAME] bro. Sorry man.	15
Fuck calm down [NAME]	2
Having sex with a child in the room is often difficult and boring.	11
Its much better. Inhaling burned particulate plant matter is very bad.	4
The baby photos, holy fucking shit there's so many baby photos now.	26
That’s so cute!	0
Take an upvote for Seinfeld 👍🏻	4
You kind of look like [NAME]. Very cute.	0
I don't live there just have family there.	10
I love reading anti gentrification comments. Because they always sound so stupid.	18
Now this is what I was looking for! Thank you good lad	15
By far my favorite STP song and one of my all-time favorite songs in general. Love this song.	18
Should kids really be lifting weights like that so young? Isn't it bad for you?	7
How about What's New Pussycat? With a playing of Its Not Unusual every seventh time.	7
Wow, I'm glad he's okay.	26
Shut up you shill /s	2
I like this one.	18
Would be fun if our sun was like this :3	1
Ah, i misunderstood what he was going for, sorry my bad	24
Had to stick my fist in my mouth in bed lmao	1
Upon reading I find this to be fake news and I'm disgusted to learn she writes for the age	11
> a mother in law unit Apropos of this and not the main thing.. lol! We call them granny flats in Aus :)	1
I'm so proud of you!	21
That's so refreshing. Thanks a lot!	15
Right now you’ll be sober for at least 15 years! Good luck man	20
This is actually kinda funny	1
This one is cute	0
If it’s like my store it might change. I have to check my schedule every other day because of changes	22
Why isn't India banned? One of the most [RELIGION] countries on the planet.	7
It was my impression that Monzo doesn't offer business bank accounts?	6
When the caterer found out [NAME] was going to pay the bill out of his own pocket, perhaps they declined the honour.	10
Sling yoghurt hahaha omg x I’m 19 yeh so pretty young but what a phrase	1
Sooo inappropriate and sooo awkward. He looked so uncomfortable and [NAME] wouldn't stop. I hated watching that scene.	3
Thanks, I hate constant reposts.	15
I'm so sorry that your partner doesn't understand that you no longer want to put hormones in your body.	25
It seems the doctors have some explaining to do.	22
I don’t get why he hasn’t brought his insta account back, he did used to use it from time to time	6
It was a very nice car, a 1978 Bugatti.	0
Would love for us to go to [NAME] and give them Tammy for peanuts with a buyback	8
Korean is not that hard of a language as far as foreign languages go anyway Hahahahahaha, how long have you been studying for?	1
Definitely going to fail without a doubt qualified to even own my dog, and I’m happy it’s a deload week.	17
Interesting. But it still is kind of guessing how far the target is though? I love BF never snipe though	6
Misandry is not part of our feminism here. Don’t make such comments again.	3
These people in here are joking about holding down and cutting their neighbors faces. It's pretty gross.	3
Because we’re fucking geniuses.	21
Wow, “Social” Democrats betraying the revolution. Who would had guessed?	26
Leave the guy alone he’s making sidewalk angels	3
Highlights will be glorious to watch! Here’s [NAME] shootout zinger!	13
Love your username!	0
When I looked at the picture, I thought for a moment that I was looking at a junk yard.	9
It will be interesting if there is a response to that at the federal level.	13
As ~~a very attractive person~~ an animal lover Monkey Heart sounds kind of cute to me, too bad these racist people use it as an insult	18
I just realized, what point are you trying to argue here? Because I have no idea where you're trying to go with this conversation.	22
I read that whole thing, so damn funny. But seriously, all those guys need to be sterilized.	1
Clever!!!	0
Very true that is why I'd also reccomend a mod tweaking AI. Ofcourse the dev's should've done this all themselves but alas.	4
Now THAT’S funny!	1
dude,,, same i cried today because i couldn’t go to the gym bc my foot was too swollen to wear shoes lol	25
Bad luck you’re in Beckton	9
Thank you. It was just an idea that popped up that I figured I could ask here before proceeding with getting actual legal advice	15
You're giving fascism too much credit here. They were backed by capitalists in the first place because it was profitable. It's those two together.	10
Yeah the last one made me laugh	1
It's my masterpiece.	21
You realize legal investigations take a long time? [NAME] is a methodical professional and clearly several steps ahead of [NAME]. Be patient	22
the dude wanted to watch the talking car show. geez. haha jk. thats freaking creepy	1
That sucks. You could start one yourself if you like.	3
I'm sorry you're going through that, I wish I could help somehow :c.	24
Guilty Gear actually did that before with Guilty Gear Isuka. It was, uh...not good. Really fuck-awful, actually. 	10
Such a good one	0
The perfectly timed dessert, and delicious looking, too!	0
The sad thing is that most of them are gone the next election anyway.	25
Nice job.	0
Pretty big signs that something can be pretty fun and effective when you get these same shitty, selfish teammates.	1
He claims the starting job and we make the playoffs, I think it would be hard to argue against him.	4
>Apple convienently provided an adapter. If they left the headphone jack, why couldn't I just use an aux cord?	4
Lucky the patient passed out, they wont feel any of it or hear anything you're saying!	4
Damn. [NAME]	3
Good for you to get out of it!! seems like a nasty example of narc abuse. No contact!	5
Have you seen Lord's and Ladles on Netflix? It's not a competition, but the scenery and the little facts are super interesting.	0
this take can get the fuck out. that bulge is sacred	14
I DONT LIKE EM PUTTIN CHEMICALS IN THE WATER TO TURN THE FRIGGIN FROGS GAY **UNH UNH UNH**	10
Yeah it’s a repost, I saw this same exact post in a different subreddit couple months ago	4
Yea man! Why does it always run out faster than shampoo from the same sized bottle?!	6
I actually have to try, to see what happens	7
That’s amazing. You’re all amazing	0
Can’t wait to go!	13
This is where the run starts boys!	13
r/rareinsults also i’m surprised this guy isn’t fussing over the “it’s” instead of “its”	26
This was such a pleasure to watch. I wish more episodes were like Brianne.	0
Is freedom of expression a right or a law?	7
Oh [NAME] no. Let kinkaid eat it. Don't throw this kid in there. He isn't ready for the AHL yet	10
I want the Bears to get to the Superbowl because they haven't won one in three decades and my dad is a lifelong Bears fan.	8
That's cute love it!	18
Sex is gross and gross things are immoral to conservatives unless they are doing them.	11
Glad to hear it :) definitely more on the way!	17
It'd be a real shame if someone killed it and stole its soul.	9
That's an unexpected pair of fighters.	26
The HMC is pretty big and they don't allow stunning.	0
Or plan ahead, call 511 periodically for updates, and don't put your shitty load ahead of your own life.	5
That young [NAME] looking dude is intense!	0
Before you get too excited remember the human Officer is there to help his doggy partner.	13
love that guy	18
I'm on mobile but clearly I need to get on desktop! edit: am on pc, is wonderful!	0
Chasing thoughts and storing tension in your hands is how you distract yourself from feeling social tension and empathy. You need to allow yourself to feel these feelings.	5
You do realize that this is the sub for non-Trump supporters to come ask questions to [NAME] supporters. The OPs are all non-Trump supporters	22
Fuck her. I hate her so much. I wish she’s just vanish back to Indonesia with her mustache.	2
Of course I love myself because I'm awesome.	21
Ugh, just give me some Metallica, [NAME] and the damn puck drop.	4
They seem to be about 1/2 the price anyone else has quoted me, so it`s a good place to start, thank you!	15
This look is fab you can't call everything cringe just because it's eureka	0
I'm not falling for this again Uncle [NAME].	10
That's crazy. Glad you got your money back though!	17
Oh [NAME] i forgot about those. I used to love them.	18
Omg I know. She honestly looks so uncomfortable. There HAS to be someone better who could host?!	7
No, he's told me on multiple occasions he hates anime	10
Incels can't even get a pleb thing called sex. Sex is for [NAME] apparently.	9
I believe it's free	4
I just saw it on there... pretty cheap to be such a old item... starting bid on one was a $1	4
Looks sooooo good~	0
Mine do this too and it melts my heart every day. Such pure love for each other.	18
Lol just watched this episode	1
We knows mumps immunity wanes; is it possible for measles immunity to do the same thing? I'm kinda scared to try Googling it too.	14
Prey actually had portals before Portal. Such an underrated game.	3
This is a wholesome confession lol	1
> It's crazy you don't understand this. i r o n y	3
It's interesting to watch what happens to people when they find out how easy it is to get on TV and get paid.	13
I don’t believe any of that is true all hearsay no proof of any of that .	10
Live your life well. Let them figure it out for themselves.	5
Both. I have a feeling that broth was ruined a long time ago, in a footballers bedroom not so far away.	22
link to the crack tweet?	6
The fun part is that she can be a bigot and he can also be a bigot.	1
Ph and Tesla doesn't do advertising. So any mention like this is fun to see	1
It was the only thing that changed. The weight gain, terrible acne, and moods... it was all nasty.	3
haha me neither.	1
I hated that smug ass lawyer.	2
What a great word	0
[NAME] show tonight and i'm loving it	18
They're not the brightest bunch.	10
I feel bad for them now, but if they ever get good I’ll hate them like the rest. 	9
You can never beat an auld apple tart and custard. They'll love you. Nice pit of tea to wash it down 🍀	18
This was funny the first time, now this jokes been beaten to death so badly.	1
At least this makes me feel better about not being photogenic. It’s the cameras fault!	23
She might just be bitter over her own relationship and this is a painful reminder in some way.	25
I dunno if that's really a HMB moment but funny nonetheless.	1
You choose a bad time, no one is fessing up anything during an election.	5
You're right! I DO remember the refs being trash in that game as well! Thanks for the heads up!	15
Pity. I had some decent lunches there, but never went there at night.	24
To be fair, they did call it a horror. 	14
I literally have more friends on HOTS than WOW. Wow is deader than hots.	13
Yesssss!!! [NAME] would be awesome!!! I also alternate between these two shows! So good.	0
I laughed. Finally	1
[NAME] turned it into one, because they insisnt on being on the wrong side of history for every single god damn issue.	3
Omg they are adding audio???!! Epic really loves to cater to the sweats	13
Rats. Thanks anyway! Go Tartans	15
It is though. Certainly the worst Zelda game at least.	10
I'd love me some JVG, but not that [NAME] freak [NAME]...	18
I love my cheek bones and my skin tone (this one took me a while to accept!).	18
Im not in a hurry, its my goal for brawlhalla. But after hearing how many hours people have, its gonna be a long journey	8
Yeah I messed up, gonna repost this with better quality in the near future	20
I really love that game devs are started to put these references in games.	18
Wow - it would be great to have an AMA about what you learned compared to the truth. How recently were you in seminary or at BYU?	13
Funny bc random guys do that behind girls in clubs sometimes.	1
There have been multiple threads about this, they can't afford to move up. It's not financially feasible.	10
"I'll say no thanks to endangering others in traffic. And miss me with the ""I drive better while high"""	10
So many players from the current crop are going to end up on 300+ games, crazy to think how exclusive it was not too long ago	13
So you abandoned your Russian heritage for... what, exactly? The things you are describing are the result of the west screwing Russia over.	7
Yeah I cannot either on mobile, same with enough internet. Thoroughly disappointing.	9
it's embarrassing you think that pact is an example of them getting on well together, especially considering the millions of deaths that followed	12
We're all [NAME] fans in our hearts	17
At least if you don't have the body, you've got the sense of humour. So I can rule you out or is it a possibility lol	1
Crafty little bastards.	2
She's a nutjob, but this is a really good quote, lol. 	1
They are having a whole bunch of problems , maybe they are paying so the state doesn't go after them as well.	4
oh my good	26
LOL [NAME] AND [NAME] JUST PLAYING WITH THEM	1
I have these high powered magnets...	21
Yeah me too, because I would’ve been a lot more pissed if they would’ve got tired of waiting and left.	4
That username lmao	1
I was actually thinking about that during tonight's episode. I don't think the show would last long without [NAME] though.	22
Yes, very sad but that's the reality of competitive online gaming right now	25
>Dude, nobody reads. That is *really* not true. 	10
To me it looks like they were driving with both feet, as the brakes were on while they were accelerating... Something I will never understand.	6
If you are feeding your two year old 1200 calories then you are fattening them up for the stew lady.	22
The SNP were, I remember [NAME] stridulating about it at conference, but I don’t think it was a go-er.	10
*youve doomed us all, evacuate the continent immediately*	2
Because in a world of fake people you need strangers being mean to get an honest opinion.	20
But the battle dynamics are sh*t. Every other ME is better in that respect, especially the squad AI is bad. Really bad.	11
It's interesting that you don't address anything but just come to troll	3
Thank you! This feedback is gold to us.	15
Then leave him. You're not married and sexually comparability is a huge part of making a relationship work. Don't underestimate this my friend.	5
His videos are great.	0
i'm curious where they would sell in CT? I have to imagine New Haven will have one. I cant imagine Fairfield County would get one.	7
iT cAn'T bE sExISt bEcAuSE iT's a mErItocRaCy. -tech bro assholes justifying gender discrimination and systemic sexism	10
[NAME]. Can't believe she went to Parliament nine-months pregnant just to vote on the thing. That's dedication.	0
[NAME] smashed some kitkats on their table for internet points. Very cool.	0
He lost his shoes. He’s legally dead.	25
Omg saucepan what a daring and unconventional look!!!11	26
Thanks for the book recommendation!	15
That's why I'm glad they got [NAME].	17
I'm unsure how much more I should invest in this train of thought.	6
Not a perfect game with the error	10
Lol I do the same. Sometimes it gets stuck in my head for days.	1
As someone who works in the oil industry with a lot of big ships, this is badass.	10
What about a meet tomorow night (saturday night jan 12th) its supposed to be nice, just let me know and ill swing on by. 👍	17
Not really. Also it’s Winnipeg, sorry we don’t have the population of Tokyo...	9
I hate this arm swing thing. Either try to sync up or just stop doing it.	3
Good job partner!	15
Two or three anti depressants before I told them a lie about how I tried my moms valium and it worked	9
I’m not really serious I just think it’s kind of funny	1
I don't care what anyone says I love [NAME].	18
ho boy are you in for a surprise	26
That sounds awful. Glad its from 4Chan, so I know its fake.	11
Was she immunosuppressed in any way?	6
I'll kill you.	2
Wow, way to be gorgeous as yourself!	0
Stay safe guys	5
ohhhhh my gosh	26
Ah yes, the merge from 640 to 40 by papermill. Idiots do this all the time. It really messes up the traffic pattern. 	3
No, but it diverts resources from the art team, and prevents them from making content which would have been better recieved by the already low playerbase!	10
He probably enjoyed it so much with his frat brothers that he's willing to buck his own party for good weed.	17
calling her a sellout for having a job is hilarious.	1
I see that you also braved the farmers' market this morning!	0
So why did [NAME] leave? They were predictable and mostly tolerable. Three wings is absolutely intolerable. I hate him.	2
If she's making inapropriate claims thats a problem too, Im not exactly sure what your point is?	6
Thanks, the date went really well! I feel for you, it will be a while for me too. 	15
AND YOU DON'T HAVE TO USE ALL CAPS TO GET YOUR POINT ACROSS!!!	10
Can a mediocre bot invent Facebook?	7
Three years ago I did! Ended up hospitalized for 5 days. I can say that I'm in a much better place now. :)	17
omg, id cry if this was my store 	25
BITCH HER PROMO EVEN DID SCREAMS LIKE A WINNER!!!!	3
Bedside Rounds (which that user puts out) is also a very interesting podcast on medical history.	4
I actually feel bad for your roommate, poor guy.	25
Some graffiti can turn that really bad	11
He’s so cute! How do you get to hang out with him? I’ve never seen him the times I went to visit.	0
I suspect that it's harder to combat sexism in academia because racialized theories have fallen out of favor but sexist ones are still all the rage.	22
One of the best photos I’ve seen of the Arch. Breathtaking.	0
I usually see retarded stuff posted on this sub but yours takes the cake	4
Lullaby is excellent and so is Diary. His first 5 or 6 books are out of this world.	0
That’s horrible. I’m probably going to donate to them I can’t imagine not missing out on a season because someone stole.	3
Im curious, why do you think that?	7
I love crows!!!!	18
I want to see the human equivalent to how happy this dog is	8
Why is it shocking? All professional sports is all about bottom line first-period!	7
sounds good, take care & stay safe loves💕	5
No if we tell and kick and scream and have a tantrum that always works.	10
What accent does the man talking in the video have? It sounds Scottish to me, but I'm just guessing.	7
u/pronouncedbooty Thank you for the advice, but IDK how I feel anout those foreign substances entering my body	15
After five years she realizes that's not for her? No offense but thats a long time to do so.	22
Thanks for the insight. I'm not knowledgeable about it, I admit. I am sensitive to many types of plastics, though.	15
[NAME] is happy	0
Yes, I just watched it. Thanks man! Cheers!	15
I love how they ignore the sniffling buffoon who struggled to read the words off the teleprompter in his speech	18
C'mon baby, C'MON DEEP SHIT	2
My drunken eyes saw that last window as [NAME] and im not sure if its better or worse	6
Predicted almost exactly what was going to happen. Still got me.	26
Will do tonight!	4
[NAME] saw it during the football game and was super impressed!	0
[NAME] will probably get offers from other teams, he may not even be a [NAME] next year. 	20
Bro, pay attention. I know you guys aren't known for that, but this is not a centrist sub. For [NAME] sake read for one	5
Wow i've sat like all of those	17
Did you mean all of Massachusetts or just Boston? Because I'm pretty sure Western Mass drives well.	4
Me too I hope all goes well for both of us	20
I too have had this happen on XBONE. I really want to love this game, but it keeps giving me reasons to play something else.	18
There’s still time mate - be careful!	5
ur really cool too! *gives you a party favor*	0
Kid looks like he's about to cry	25
You're not wrong, [NAME], you're just an asshole.	3
Oh man, there isn't enough popcorn to enjoy this.	9
Oh god, How I always wish she shows up to the lonely hearts party every time I watch that episode.	8
[NAME]. hopefully that mindset will change (no pun intended)	20
Bro we got destroyed last time, we’re due for a heartbreaking missed field goal or extremely ill-timed turnover 	25
Yeah, but geology doesn’t provide enough pumped hydro. Not enough places to do it.	10
Alright cool thanks for the tip - I'll give it a try!	15
"I'm new to polyamory so idk if that's ""normal"" but man it sounds pretty delightful."	4
My darling, have you bowed down to worship the ancient one yet? We are very worried. 	14
Clearly, he had a bad Wednesday practice…	9
already exposed when h2k went 2-16. Sure they didn't have the best players, but going 2-16 means the coaching staff should also shoulder the blame.	9
this is so niche but i still felt that shit in my bones	3
Grandmother got into an accident many years ago, and walked away with broken ribs.... it took her a couple years before she found out	25
great pass wiggins	0
Come on, New Day! Make it finally finally happen, [NAME]!	13
I don't know about the rain but my friend suggested that it could look a tiny bit like Malachor.	10
[NAME] in the trash that's just how I like it good list	18
It's so sad that people don't vaccinate their children. For every upvote to this post, I'll vaccinate my child in protest. 	25
is that how it works? i didnt know. no water buffalo for me	7
I love it. :D	18
Dude. I was hoping this would actually be helpful. I'm so tired of helping little kids open their milk cartons at the elementary I work at.	20
I'm sorry you have to deal with this. My mom does the same anytime she loses something. She accuses people of stealing whatever she lost.	24
Sleep tight [NAME]!	5
Minor character but I love [NAME].	18
How much do u get an onion of sniff for? 1500+ for me	7
They wanted all the shows to be based in New York. Seems like a weird reason but that’s what [NAME] said	8
Belgium is an awesome assignment	0
I agree that all people deserve respect and to be free from harassment, intimidation, or assault.	4
That's disgusting. Apt.	11
srs that’s a cute sweater n all but i wish the pic was closer to her makeup	0
Unbelievable that we didn’t sign him Also, we could’ve potentially signed [NAME] the window we signed [NAME]. Kill me.	26
I’m gonna stand here and watch you smoke every one of those cigarettes! Maybe that’ll teach you a lesson.	3
I watch his YouTube stuff. It's gross!	11
Damn this sounds like a former friend of mine. She doesn’t get instant validation on things and flips out. Cut negative people out OP.	5
You're setting the bar awfully low for yourself.	9
Chickens would definitely die out, sheep might have a small chance at surviving, cows might have a slightly higher chance, but pigs would surely survive.	4
Why thank you :)	6
Did you have to ask? Just pay the ticket and be done with it.	3
Damn, that shit's decarboxylated af! That'll get you nice and sleepy... I foresee a weed nap in the near future...	4
Wow really great advice! I'm over here taking notes!	0
Not related, but now I wonder how Delta would have done on the hair ball challenge	26
Oh goodness, that show shaped my sense of humor. I loved it so much.	18
Wow, im the opposite. In year 2 of being apart now.	13
welcome to the Idiocracy.	15
This post made me howl in laughter in the handicapped bathroom, thank you /u/coffeewhore17	15
Wow thanks for pointing that out, haven't heard that one before.	15
Cheers Mate, I appreciate that	0
Thats what I thought, he can be very lucky to walk away from that 	4
Looks like a plate to me. A stupid plate. But a plate nonetheless.	2
How would you get off? HOW WOULD YOU GET OFF?!?!	7
Seems very very aggressive. I would love for you to be right.	4
They look pretty good down there.	4
This really feels like a jab at [NAME] as opposed to a reconciliation. Hope I'm wrong.	20
Can we get that man checked? He knows too much.	7
There's piece of shit 2 bedroom homes in Palo Alto that cost 3 million. Those schools are damn good though.	0
Not to be critical, but “rethuglican” is an awful one 	11
Bro thank you for what you do, and keeping the roads clear so I can make money, thank you	15
I just realized what she reminds me of with that tongue; a frog!	22
Afro samurai lol, that's pretty interesting never new they actually existed. I'm woman though so that wouldn't work for me 	10
I’ve been kicked in the leg my foots been stamped on. I can’t imagine the pain of this	25
He was a bony old bastard and probably jealous of their big cat energy.	3
That’s a wonderful meaningless word salad	0
Edit: Four on Five now man! Woo!	13
It’s a self fulfilling prophesy. They know things are getting more violent because they are looking to make them that way.	4
I regret not grabbing my work laptop today, then I wouldn't have to leave fort blanket until Thursday. 	24
Haha I know the guy in the middle of the picture. Small world	1
podcasts also can help a lot to distract yourself (･ω<)☆	4
Thanks for the explanation. I got out pre marriage and always wonderd if it would have got worse if we had got married	15
Don't worry. I took one for the team and checked. Yes it's real.	4
That was your saddest shortest story yet	25
I might get to phaneuf traded levels of joy.	17
wow even the buildings on the poster haven't loaded in	26
Eh, Level 7 is pretty serious. Give me my Massif and I'll survive anything.	3
Feel your pain.	5
He can’t be like that in that business but it already sounds too late. No wonder his staff quit on him.	10
Well good luck with that. [NAME] does nothing but be a minor headache with occasionally killing some border guards.	20
Women don't want their own shit. They want our shit. ---- [NAME]	11
Toughest shit I’ve experienced never been in love like this before but a few beverages and some time I’ll be all good, thanks bro!	15
Wow now I know there's a twist. Why even watch it?	26
What are the chances [NAME] is in that 10% at 32?	7
I agree with this	4
I'm glad we agree.	17
This game is pretty drunk.	0
Would love to have him come back to the organization in some way. GOAT.	18
"That's what you get when you stretch a series for too long.... ""Ohhh gee....welp.... another one....."""	4
I laugh, but I genuinely believed this until I was 8 or so.	1
So do you think the court ruling to release the money to them is fake or something?	7
[NAME] face looks like some actress/model who I can picture in my head but I cant remember her name	0
Oh same! But with [NAME]!	26
I actually feel assaulted by this video.	25
A real man ain't be ashamed of crying. I cry with you my bro. Let's all cry together!	4
Thank you for the good chuckle.	15
If you’re in public, I suggest you hide your concern as much as you can.	5
I feel like Tankathon was made for or by magic fans. Such an amazing website lol	1
Ive been asked this in a similar situation as well. Interviewer was female and i would bet it was female in OP's case too	4
Wat u been ordering u naughty boy😂	1
I hate y'all too	2
You can do it!!!	20
Yes. And I wish people weren't so afraid to say it as many times as necessary.	8
Whew. I'm safe then.	23
I apologize for doubting you.	24
Neat sub idea! I like it.	0
We sacrifice them both to [NAME] and throw them in the Baler!	25
Seriously? I couldn't even remember the dude's name until about halfway through the season honestly.	26
Yep. Cool story troll.	0
Sad and very true though. Case in point.	25
That sound you are hearing is me, a middle aged woman, applauding you wildly. How fun this is to read on my morning break.	17
That's amazing	0
Am I confusing you with someone? I thought you had posted that you liked older women.	6
I need to hear more stories like this. I've only heard horror stories of the pain with the surgery as an adult.	8
It maybe possible she doesn't have a lore video to explain though so It may or not maybe true but I believe it is	6
I was just joking...	17
How did notre dame drop two spots when the played us closer than bama did?	7
I’m sorry to hear that. When do you graduate?	24
Very thoughtful post and good analogy.	0
Everytime I wore white pants! Finally got an ablation after kids, best procedure I've ever had besides lasik.	0
I've been playing for years and it's still a bitch for me to lay off balls.	2
>You wrote a lot of words, and I don't really understand the context. This is a pretty succinct description of competitive debate.	6
The idea that fb might be slowly killing mlms out there gives me a glimmer of satisfaction...	4
"Not literally sell, but trying to ""sell the experience."" All you'd do is just walk around a cemetery lol."	1
Tanks being strong is the reason why ADCs get buffed.	0
That's amazing why have I never found this before.	0
They can't even really articulate what has been so bad since [NAME] took office.	12
HAS THE WHOLE WORLD GONE CRAZY‽ AM I THE ONLY ONE WHO GIVES A SHIT ABOUT THE RULES‽ MARK IT ZERO!	3
You're just upset because it accurately highlights the absurdity of the minimum wage.	9
Just explain what is going on. But also understand the other people involved will probably be at least somewhat upset. No one likes plans cancelled on them	7
Thank you - that strikes me as the basics of what's going on here.	15
JAEGER CALM DOWN!	5
I just saw a snot nosed brat eat a croissant on the subway and got crumbs all over and the snobby rude mom left like nothing happened .	11
The Birds is probably not quite what you are expecting.	10
Exactly. It's like a deepity only longer and wronger.	6
GG haha 😉	1
Fake The monkey was a paid actor!	10
Good luck out there! I hope you find what you're looking for.	20
Hmm ok, ya this is pretty aweso...uhhhh nvm.	4
Artificial bacon is always so bad. I think its just smoke flavor.	10
Your art is really beautiful dude, it could straight up be in a museum 	0
He's a fantastic Rav. Really enjoy all his articles. Not afraid to think outside the box.	0
No, you have the right too. Pretty crazy, but awesome thing we have. Freedom of expression.	0
A sharp stick? I think you need a rifle to kill that bastard	2
Let's not try to pretend both were equally bad, [NAME] was magnitudes worse	10
Yes but that's largely changed in much of the US (the coasts at least). Surprised a state or two hasn't legalized it	26
To be fair [NAME] and Unite were both cleared of wrongdoing.	22
thank you for your kind words.	15
Imagine thinking this comment was ok to post. Shame on you.	11
Yup. Hysterical bonding from ultimatums. Remember that time ultimatums created lust and desire...........?	7
Thanks mr bot	15
BALL DONT LIE	2
Awesome! I hope it helps you :)	20
Aw, man, with that title, I was hoping for good old-fashioned corporal punishment, like back in the 1700s. 	20
Go to Happiest Hour before/after the game. Walking distance b/w AA center. It's a fun spot!	17
you are a smart dude	0
Holy shit, it's never occurred to me I'll still be anxious at 50. Thanks for this, very informative	15
put it in a drink, preferably a soda. Its great to sip on!	0
Thank [NAME] for state rights.	15
You can buy bitesize toad in the holes in Tesco. They are amazing. These look like they use hotdogs but I imagine would be almost as good.	0
Amazing device... Wish I had one growing up in New York. As long as it works, that is! 	0
And here is my personal favorite, “To weigh one couple’s pathetic-ness against the others is to split the hairs that [NAME] collected.” Truth 💆🏽‍♀️	18
I'd say the bigger potential problem is getting reported for public indecency, that goes on your criminal record.	14
They then went to a piano concert together. This conflict is amazing in it's twists and turns.	0
Oh no, my secret identity as a neurosurgeon/entomologist/radiologist/anesthetist/dentist has been discovered! I knew I should have given less detailed medical advice online! D: 	26
Rule of cool: horses are sweet, and fun, and lancing someone is an awesome animation.	17
That I was unbreakable. It took some serious injuries in “high school” until I realized that I wasn’t.	22
My son and I both enjoy taking pictures. It gives us pleasure. Part of the fun for us on vacation is taking pictures of new things.	17
It was or I’d have walked out!! Lol!	1
I'm sorry, I'm new. Included the TL;DR and age alrdy. Thank you!	15
It was worth mentioning anyways, the Packers are a special kind of awful.	3
It certainly is. I create very little space in my life for people like that period.	4
Can’t wait to see this monster perp walk.	13
Yeah maybe I over indulged as a young lad!	22
So long as we get the [NAME] from this season and not last season I'm happy	4
Wow. The Miami police! [NAME]! So much to this documentary.	13
I like [NAME] but I'm gonna have to go with [NAME].	4
I actually really like [NAME]	18
Sometimes, I am amazed that they are able to fit into a car.	26
Tkachuk - Pageau - Stone is going to be our second line. Absolutely filthy.	11
You can't. It's best you go see a professional about that wound of yours.	4
Papaoutai still leaves me bald.	9
Hey fuck-o I've broken plenty of rules I just have the decency to be ashamed of it.	12
Thanks:D	15
I love the accidental deep frying from the tears on certain words	18
Cuz [NAME] sat out lol	1
Unfortunately 22tcm is not standardized, as long as it's Armscor exclusive it's irrelevant.	10
"If second panel said Socialists, third panel would be something like ""Death panel has determined your life not valuable enough to save"""	20
Did not know we were playing tonight	6
Hope the best for him	20
I like this a lot	18
The Vikings....they make me the most angry.	2
bruiser sylvanus is so op for the first 20 mins, its ridiculous. underrated support.	10
[NAME] just keeps hopping backwards and forwards in time with no repercussions?	4
Ya, definitely gotta not feel like a [NAME] sometimes too. 	4
Not a chance, and I love it!	18
Holy crap. I wish real life looked this good...	8
I love this 10/10	18
FUCK YESSSSS CJJJJJJJJ	2
A derogatory term.	11
I love the concept but if they release another kpop skin line they should recosnider giving the group a different name to rival KDA	18
Andromeda is that type of game that has extreme potential in becoming a great game, but it botched it in all the little things.	4
There are tons of great places on the fringes where you’re guaranteed good loot and a vehicle.	0
I’m clueless unless someone tells me straight up that they’re into me. But this may just be me	6
Wow she still hasn't helped even though you recognize it?	26
It always comes down to not accepting who they are themselves so it's pretty much 100% of it.	4
What's he whining about, I am only 52 and stuck on SSI now and only getting 1400.00	9
PD would probably get us [NAME] so we would all get pump faked until you realize he got the wrong one. Exhibit A [NAME] -_-	9
Sure. But [NAME] was well aware of the problem re GST and didn’t mention it until he was filling in his pension application.	22
Sadly, I’m younger. 15.	25
Why would [NAME] even care lol Reminds me of that [NAME] [NAME] I see a lot	1
Just called my mom and told her I love her, thank you reddit mom!	15
About every direction, down gives you the same problem as up and every other direction is less effective to escape.	5
It's been a long time since that was true, but thank you.	15
I might be stupid but I thought [NAME] wore #16?	3
Well, if you are gonna put it that way, I guess I don’t have much of a choice.	10
Wow I had no idea all of this transpired. Crazy!	26
This sounds like revenge, not karma.	10
When I drove refers I was always afraid this would happen to me. I always shut my doors I'm just a worrier	14
He was afraid of flying	14
People requesting asylum are not illegal immigrants so that argument is bull shit. Get informed by an actual news source please	3
Not really someone I despise, but definitely someone I was ashamed of.	12
What if I’m alone and no one knows for hours ?	7
I read this In his singing voice. Amazing.	0
Wealth is the biggest privilege, and it’s not close. The infinite amount of ways people can be divided lead to individual struggles, sure.	4
Oh my *FUCKING* **GOD**!!	26
You guys are the reason I had my first smooth hit in months, thank you🤘🏽🙏🏼	15
No problem. Didn't mean to nitpick. Good luck with the exam!	15
Dude couldn’t see he had a spool of hair growing on his face?!	26
The internationalist EU. The [NAME], [NAME], [NAME] and [NAME] are just brimming with all that international SOLIDARITY ❤️	4
Why am I crying rn...	25
That is disgusting. And not one parent thought that was a *bit* inappropriate? smh	11
Thanks and you too!	15
That woman has a nice body	0
How is it? It was consensual. They are practically adults anyway.	22
I read through this whole chain and your patience is absolutely commendable. Good on you for explaining it in such a level fashion to someone so willfully ignorant,	0
CNN has video of the arrest. Someone needs to put the cops theme over it.	4
He's 34 years old.	4
I am getting so nervous watching this	19
Sell high!	13
I work with food - being able to eyeball tbs for recipes is an odd perk I never thought about. Thank you.	15
"""WE HAVE LIFTOFF!"" ""Houston, we have a problem"""	22
Watch out, [NAME]!! [NAME] is right behind you. Oh god oh fuck he can’t hear us, he has AirPods.	2
58 and I still live at home.	4
I recomend a Jasikevicius from Litva :) Sorry for English.	24
Did you shoot your husband?? I love my husband! Yeah but did you shoot him??	18
He's transcended fuck-you-money to fuck-me-money territory	2
It's a pretty old and actually funny joke, just converted into a ragecomic. 	1
Dude I spit after this comment. I haven’t laughed like that in awhile.	1
I stand corrected. I totally forgot the knee and shoulder injuries earlier in the season.	22
I wanna learn how to sharpen a knife where I can basically shave vegetables like that	20
[NAME], that's pretty damn good for a state like Virginia, which, although not a swing state anymore, was red not so long ago. 	0
1 is spot on. Anxiety completely disappears. I like when that happens. One less issue	17
Why was nobody driving the damn thing? They were all in the backseat. :/	2
Manipulation. I love my mother btw, but this thing is insidious.	18
Oh man, when HQGs gets on a roll it’s so good.	0
Your reading skills are unparalleled	0
It's not collapsing	10
This is very deceptive. If you haven't read it, this article is great! The Deceptive Income of Physicians	0
The attempt was successful. He's crying and not talking to them because they're actually dead.	16
Lol, wut	1
Ouh shittt my dad is also going to be surprised	3
To be clear meaty means use later active frames of any move Oki: what posibilities are favorable to me frame wise after an attack	7
The [NAME] directed Swiss Army Man. Check out their music video for Turn Down for What. It’s lovely.	0
I sure as hell hope your username is a joke	1
Thanks... Some days are harder than others	15
Never noticed how unsettling palpatine looked	22
It doesn't look like it.	10
Same thing with Urgot mid. It looks absolutely trash even in LCK.	3
What?	7
Father [NAME] does a good or a bad job of it is that most of this country with Nazism.	6
Wow, amazing job, Mr. [NAME]! Another liberal absolutely DESTROYED with facts and logic! So eloquent and wise...	0
Good advice, thank you.	15
They didn’t you lying sack of shit. This sub has no moderators.	3
#Screw you, [NAME].	3
OP, don’t keep us in suspense. Which city were you referring to? :)	7
Me neither. It's more silly than anything else imo	1
The most intimidating man in football	0
donate! it feels sooo amazing :)	0
This just makes me want sushi.	8
is as good as it gets spent all morning looking for it . Thank you for your time	15
I’m sorry he’s treating people this way. You will find even greater and less costly bliss!	20
Cheers. Never heard of any of them. Kids will do that to you...	13
I'm not crying... you're crying!	2
Wait that’s actually funny why is it on this reddit	1
Yeah maybe they'll finally get a shred of evidence in another two years haha	1
If you were gonna chloroform the person why not just get a hold of a fresh dead body instead? Move just as much.	7
Ok, I get a feeling that you might be a bit too radical here. I'm not going to keep trying here, have a nice day.	3
Please don't think the way they're trolling represents us [NAME]. I'm sorry this happened.	25
And who would you vote for, exactly	7
i don't really feel comfortable posting there. i dont really have much reason to	12
That’s wonderful	0
I was freaking out watching this. WTF are the parents!?	2
Oh my [NAME] your desk is fucked.	26
Bitch ass n*** [NAME] rooting for [NAME]	2
ok. thanks for the info!	15
Such a lovely username for such a nice guy	0
Na. Rediting my post. Sorry for the ignorance.	24
Damn! You were so close! Scary. Damn damn!	14
My most sincere condolences.	15
The fact [NAME] met her at the airport should tell you all you need to know about why they did it. What a farce.	17
I don’t get it why are you quoting this Edit can someone explain how he got me and not just downvote lol	6
It's funny cause those cowboys do the gay sex with each other...	1
Easily one of the Top 5 Best Interviews ever	0
North Wahroonga. Lovely clear day, then some distant rumblings, 10 mins later pea-sized hail. Summer <3	18
Is there a subreddit that makes fun of SJWs?	7
Those on the right are oddly easy to convert at times. Good luck.	20
It’s a great site showing the growth and development of a re-bourgeoning city.	0
Contact Blue Mammoth staff, they're usually pretty nice about this stuff.	0
Would someone even be able to pursue a diagnosis for type 2 if they already suffer from type 1?	7
Excellent location. When it’s finished it’ll be spectacular around there.	0
Gotta wash your ass somehow. It makes it more funny that someone is as offended by it as you though.	1
Confronting people with footage from slaughter houses is a horrible thing to do in my opinion.	3
I love that idea!! And the homework is almost always work that wasnt finished in class. None of her teachers assign homework unless its a project.	18
I wondered if anyone else here watched Family by the Ton	7
When I was a kid and it was really interesting how you could do to make you believe that you need to go back to sleep.	22
I never said anything. I’m just cynical that change can happen when there is so much money on the line. Decisions are bought not made.	22
I love imagining that the drugs just stay ping ponging through the air as more and more drones keep coming to join the battle.	18
I heard this was because of a bill that happens to go in affect during the Government shutdown.	3
Mate, you’re a [NAME]. If it wasn’t for us you wouldn’t even exist. 	22
You're taking all of this WAY too literally AND making a lot of assumptions.	3
No no this sub has so much to offer. So many great pictures to see. You have a great place here.	0
Our team just gave up the moment that happened and all went to top lane to have a b-step party with the other team	17
Plutocrats love Wealthcare.	18
Thanks. I want to travel the world but have no reasonable way of affording it.	15
This is my dream deal as well please basketball gods make it happen	8
Literally shaking, I hope you're getting the support you need with the ptsd this has obviously caused.	20
I’m offended that your offended	25
[NAME] will end up owning all these untouchable records and I hope they don’t get broken for generations	20
Why did I get a boner reading this? That Magnesium supplement is doing its job methinks	6
I love this. I started to play PK again and I would love this	18
Kind of wish they recorded a video of the shard of glass moving through the heart, we would all pee a little in our pants.	14
Do you really think anyone would support this legislation on any side. Jeez man lay off the [NAME] plus that would really destroy the CIA/FBIs blackmail program lol	1
The players turning on him for crying story cracked me up though.	1
In the 1st quarter too. I love it.	18
Gotta love our *progressive* neighbors	18
My youngest whispered to me one night that I was as cool as [NAME]	0
Thank the heavens RuneScape is coming at you all read his biography it's incredible. r/scriptedasiangifs.	15
I DESERVE TO BE HEAD OF NATIONAL SECURITY BECAUSE I'M ADOPTED	8
Cap locks are nothing to be ashamed of. *You're probably upsetting your mother by letting your chicken tendies get cold*	4
In case anyone is questioning...the title is sarcastic.	3
That’s abuse and manipulation. She trained you well. I’ve lived it, brother. 	10
Yah, thanks...I've several times made mistake of getting excited b4 face to face..no more i say	15
I am so blessed to be a lesbian.	17
Talked with my parents. It was so relaxing and beautiful <√9 Thank you a lot ❤	15
I DON'T BELIEVE, WHAT I JUST SAW	26
Mail Call, great show, have all of 'em preserved for history. RIP	0
The feeling of betrayal could be one of the worse pains ever. Hope one day this will pass man.	20
Good meme, nice meme	0
No, no, please don’t make me see [NAME], please!	14
He’s gonna have a great season	4
My family never cared enough, I wish they did...	9
Does the world really need this?	6
The Dark Knight that didn't rise?? Home Alone.. forever?	6
Happy Easter everyone!!	17
Especially hard last night looking at Snapchat stories.	25
I'd take either without a second thought, in all honesty. Ideally both.	4
The name he asked if I was, was some foreign name. It was so far off from my actual name I thought it was a joke at first 	22
i love [NAME]. itd be incredible to see her	18
Hey, that's ok	4
Stadium remains the best dlc map of all time	0
There was one I saw hanging out at Wash Park a few years back.	4
Yeah yeah science, but I never said anything about meeting forcing him. That's disgusts me.	11
I did not know those were a thing. I need to get one for my pain meds.	22
I’d like him because he is very good. But he’s not a necessity.	0
Lmfao. Tax refunds. Must be nice to get one of those.	17
I am not having a great day either. Sending good vibes, hope you feel better :)	5
OMG make it I want to be in on the ground floor of something #INVEST INVEST	13
Talking about scary foreign people spreading disease is a classic xenophobic trope. Vile.	11
This sounds hard, but not too bad! I'll try some of this. Thanks!	15
it grows on you, fresh packs of creme are actually pretty tasty and they hit right 	4
stop making me cry man	25
You'd be surprised how much control [NAME] has in your life. I've experienced it first hand. Mentally.	26
Nah man [NAME] gets made fun of more than anyone lmao	1
Hi, female prostitute for sex work here. Can you not with this angry and condescending attitude? Not good camaraderie, comrade.	2
Describe in single words only the good things that come into your mind about your mother.	15
Excellent jobs, young men!	0
That sounds really helpful, thanks so much	15
I feel like this anime will make me cry in the end. Damn even its opening is full of drama. Am I correct in this?	25
Be adult Pay taxes to govt Be deemed incompetent by people with different views Feels bad	25
I took swimming lessons for a while and my fingerprint thing didn't work for months	9
Depends on who rates you. They don't all do it. I stayed at 5 till about 40 delivery, then it started moving around alot.	10
._. yeah, the man is doing something wrong if we feel nothing.	10
How are his past career stats relevant? Dude hit below the Mendoza line last season lol [NAME] is way better	7
One of my cats always eats the other ones food. I never noticed it until he was obese. I'm not gonna make that mistake again.	22
What sorcery is this!	7
What's a stream pack? Something river related I'm sure.	7
Thank you so much for posting this! I've thought this way for a long time and it's very comforting to see that I'm not alone :3	15
I don't think you should expect solid logic out of someone who believes [NAME] exists.	10
Wish they showed us more of their friendship in previous episodes, this drawing is amazing.	0
Matinee games should not be allowed for us anymore, we’re terrible at matinee games	10
Never. I miss the opportunity of leaving earlier than I did. That’s about it.	9
Nice job dude!	0
Richmond & Weslayan. But I haven’t checked this year. Going to look this weekend...thanks for the reminder!	15
just keep swimming further off that deep end	4
Because, “nah you guys go ahead”	4
That guy’s an asshole. He behavior doesn’t inherently have anything to do with poly.	3
Right, no one wants to deal with that. 	4
Ad hominem. Ridiculous argument, not even funny or hilarious.	10
In a sous vide? How does that work?	7
"Fair enough. I typically focus more on the lower bound because I hate when people use ""millennials"" as a synonym for ""youths."" "	4
It makes sense, just don't expect much thanks from the rest of them.	15
This is a joke, right...?	7
Dude, wtf is this?	2
Damn this is dope	2
I’m tired of these stupid posts. Stop trying to become a meme. You’re ruining this sub!	2
"I am sure epic is going to go the disney way and not have any ""controversal"" stuff on their platform."	4
Downvoted because I stated facts ok...	3
"I am sorry for offending you "" WoW yOu WoNt EvEn LeT mY cHiLd Go ThErE aGaIn"" how tf. Whoops didnt mean to reply lol"	24
I’m confused because her mom doesn’t post anything bad, especially compared to her photos she took in prison. 	6
[NAME] did say he still has a part to play, so hopefully we'll get to see more of him soon.	20
Her hair is beautiful! I have high hopes for her staying clean and on the right path.	0
yeah but we really don’t want to be like them. it is an example of failed communism turned militaristic authoritarianism	10
Thank you! :)	15
...it was a corgi, and that dog looked happy as hell.	17
Guess I hit a triple	26
Btc is a shite coin	11
That's far more expensive than, you know, recycling it...	10
worst is when people with dogs think they know what it's like to be a parent omg like you dont even know YOU DONT EVEN KNOW	11
Yah, totally. It's just kind of scary when all you hear are loud extremes on both sides. 	14
Hahaha, ok. I was worried there for a second....	1
Good luck with that one	20
As someone else has mentioned it is not theft technically. So that will probably only cause more problems for myself.	10
oh god this is the worst	11
What was the original post? If it was as awful as this one my comment would still apply!	11
i would feel really uneasy knowing i can never visit other countries, i think i would rather have the 50K	19
> Maybe she was flirting with me? ask her out on a date and find out	6
I fail to see the downside of that.	9
Thanks for the encouragement and sharing. It is nice not looking at it every 2 hours!	15
Like protesting for higher minimum wages and better benefits for worker? Yeah, we protest for the opposite in Canada.	7
I don't think we could afford the expense bill for coming out of a pretty cushy retirement.	10
Stupid theory!	3
"My bad. I typo'd. It should have said ""how""."	9
Either you meant family doc or there's an interesting story here you're not sharing. I'm hoping for the latter.	20
Thanks, that makes sense.	15
But really Vanilla Ice is scum RIP [NAME] and [NAME]	11
I used to love watching that show.	18
If by ‘needs a talking to’ you mean ‘needs to be sterilised’ then you are correct.	4
She got the death penalty...? fck me.	2
We need more media coverage on the [NAME] abductions, and since the Alliance won’t do anything the BBC is our only hope.	20
Well this is inappropriate	10
Any time. I’m sorry you’re going through this. Just don’t drink your emotions like I did.	24
i thought you were and [NAME] too?	6
I never said it should have been called. I just think it's hilarious that the replay literally shows it.	1
Who gives a shit. Stay in your fucking car.	2
it also can be found in r/redditsmuseumoffilth	4
Yeah, one more time for good measure. “Hey, hold on there you forgot something “. WAM	22
Yeah she looks pretty cute in that pic tbh	0
You would think so, huh? Not the first dude who has tried to use that rationale. The first one I dated though.	7
We are! Thank you!	15
"Lol ""Weapons grade weed"", I love it"	1
I’m so sorry for your loss... if you ever want to queue PM me for my steam	24
That's honestly less than I expected.	4
Doesn’t offend me, I just don’t like looking at it. 	10
SUCH A NICE GUY.	0
Can't fire everyone if everyone is on strike.	10
Natural selection, I love you. 	18
Nope, although I have some Serbian-American friends there who danced for the Tamburitzans :)	10
That's not it, the game (sigil is a derivative if scrapheap challenge. Thanks for the suggestion I appreciate the suggestion though.	15
Thanks for your reply! Maybe I’ll try that game with him and see how he responds.	15
Great vid but horrible grammar. [NAME] i had to read the title 4 times	0
No it's propaganda we because r/politics only presents info, true or (usually) or otherwise info that is designed to hurts conservatives and help liberals. Propaganda	25
if [NAME] got any more attention i'd really like it to be with [NAME].	18
That's awful. I'm glad [NAME] doing better, but he might have serious trust issues for life. 	11
I don't even really like Papa Johns, but I'm starving and that looks amazing right now.	13
Stop believing everything you’re told.	2
Oh damn, is that who made that up?	26
Kirkland liquor is amazing. I can get a cheap bottle of vodka or scotch that's basically a mid tier bottle for half the price.	0
That's a cool dino	17
I have a college-level understanding of biology, as it is my degree of choice. Those 8th-graders are completely right. 	4
Some seriously embarrassingly bad fan fiction too	12
I'd steal that!... just as cool.	4
Well then town is flummery for not guilty'ing the mafia lol	1
I grew up SDA as well. That probably explains my disdain for religion in general.	20
Don't let loneliness get in the way of growth. Grow my man, grow!	5
Shhh don't give them the idea!	2
Sorry, I don’t see a difference. If you are opposing people’s access to something, your opposing that thing.	24
I really hope that's true and really hope they grow some balls and ban it.	3
There's doing stupid things when you're young. Then there's doing horribly stupid things when you're in your mid-30s and you're already active in Politics	3
On being 3x over the speed limit while under the influence, that alone makes him very guilty of something wrong. Thanks for the additional information.	15
Can’t wait for CBC, the news needs to know about what’s going on 	7
Ok good. Thanks for letting me know. I’m not very experienced with Reddit’s messaging/chat so I wasn’t sure.	15
Research #42 and also learn about our [NAME] Father, [NAME]. Get ready for a great year ahead.	20
Downtown is inconvenient, look like you've gone full county, enjoy your strip mall 	17
Yes I do, I even tried a brand new pod as well and nothing	4
I want to taste their tears	8
"Just ""asking for a friend""...huh? 😂"	7
My inevitable famine is when I run out of pop tarts and get sad	25
Wow nice way to live in an echo chamber.	0
Lol would share half of the sofa 10/10 times for either of those sweet doggos!	13
Even when it's bad, it's still pretty good	0
This is my favorite reddit conversation I’ve seen in a while	0
Oh definitely, there was reports of [NAME] and his supporters using Spam to spread misinformation throughout the entire campaign.	4
It is. I bet chantex and all the other 'quit smoking' companies hope this book doesn't become too popular. That would cut into their profits.	10
Even though I didn't know you personally, but I just want to say that I am proud of you. This is an inspiration.	0
I wonder so too hehe :D	1
I thought [NAME] was dope. Never understood the hate for it	6
[NAME] was half-blood but it wasn't a smart idea to bring up his father.	10
I don't know if I'm comfortable with a religion that approves of human sacrifice tbh	6
How have [NAME] and [NAME] looked tonight? I was watching the Huskies game during the first period.	7
Added you mate well I’ve just got the bow and I love the hunting aspect of the game so happily join you hunting and what not	18
Always thought that was funny but is it a reference to anything?	6
What are you talking about? Anything bad that happened was [NAME] fault - only good things were [NAME] doing!	3
More like a baptism, with sexy results!	13
Enjoy the ride!	17
